new delhi: the lok sabha would take up the goods and services tax (gst) bill for passage on monday, with prime minister narendra modi set to speak during the debate.
the bjp has issued a whip to its members to attend mondays session.
the bill, which was passed by a consensus vote in the rajya sabha on wednesday, would be again taken up by the lok sabha for passage on monday to incorporate the amendments made to it in the upper house.
six changes, including scrapping of the one per cent additional tax, were approved by the rajya sabha.
confirming that the lok sabha would take up the gst bill on monday, a senior union minister said the pm would intervene during the debate on the bill.
the pm had earlier come under attack from the congress for not speaking during the debate in the rajya sabha.
taking a dig at modi, congress leader jairam ramesh had called it a case of pm-mukt parliament and claimed this was the first time a pm was not present during the passage of a constitution amendment bill.
as the bill was likely to be passed by the lok sabha on monday, the centre is pushing for passage of the bill during this month by state assemblies, especially those ruled by the bjp.
on friday, union minister venkaiah naidu spoke to the cms of the eight bjp-ruled states, while finance minister arunjaitley spoke to bihar cm nitish kumar and andhra cm chandrababu naidu.
most of the states would have to call a special session to ratify the bill, as their assembly sessions are already over.
ordinarily, it takes 14 to 21 days to call an assembly session.
the bill has to be ratified by at least 16 states in 30 days after it is passed by both the houses of parliament.
amit shah to meet bjp cmsmeanwhile, bjp president amit shah has called a meeting of chief ministers of party-ruled states on august 27 and organisational core groups of all states on august 23 in which issues like better coordination between government and party, promotion of the governments pro-poor initiatives, and increasing usage of the digital media are likely to figure.
new delhi: in an effort to achieve its stated target of taking india into the top 50 in ease of doing business globally, the central government on tuesday came out with an eight point strategy.
major measures announced include doing away with complex rules and simplifying procedures to enable businesses to start in four days flat, in identified areas.
the strategy was decided upon during a meeting chaired by finance minister arunjaitley on monday.
among the measures decided upon, are an ebiz portal which will provide a one-stop shop for dealing with matters related to the ministry of corporate affairs as well as registrations of pan/tan and employee provident fund/employee insurance.
the government .
.
.
will work towards reducing the number of procedures for starting a business to four and the number of days to start a business also to four, an official statement said.
it takes a minimum of three weeks to start a company in india currently.
among other measures, the shram suvidha portal will be made the only portal for filing the return, challan and making online payment for epfo and esic.
the department of revenue and the ministry of shipping will work towards increasing number of direct delivery consignments to 40 per cent by the end of december, while ensuring cost and time to export and import gets reduced.
the ministry of corporate affairs will also work with concerned stakeholders so that provisions enabled under the insolvency and bankruptcy code are implemented through the national company law tribunal (nclt).
the department of financial services and the ministry of corporate affairs will work on integrating the cersai (central registry of securitisation asset reconstruction and security interest) database with the registrar of company (roc) to create a single registry of assets.
commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman also urged that ecourts should be expedited for electronic filing of complaints etc and construction permit procedures will be brought down to eight within 60 days.
meanwhile, the concerned departments gave a snapshot of the recent reforms, agreed to implement the suggested ones by january 2017 and will hold intensive stakeholder consultations to get their feedback on the reforms undertaken.
new delhi: stating that demonetisation would bring more transactions under tax net resulting in higher tax revenues, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday hinted at lower direct and indirect tax rates in the future.
also, future transactions would be substantially digital as india moves towards a less-cash society, he said.
the future taxation level would be much higher than what is currently being collected.
this would also enable the government at some stage to make taxes more reasonable which will apply to both direct and indirect taxes, said jaitley.
the government's decision to demonetise high value notes has in one stroke junked 86 per cent of the currency in circulation.
so much money.
.
.
operating as loose cash in the system has today come into the banking system.
it has to be accounted for.
where taxes have not been paid will now be recovered, pointed out jaitley.
meanwhile, demonetisation together with other reforms, particularly the gst and the restrictions on cash spending subjected to pan declaration, will bring down the levels of corruption in society, he said adding that it is going to bring down cash transaction in society and it's going to bring down levels of evasion as far as taxation is concerned.
stressing on the obvious breach of law which is hurting the economy he said, those who are indulging in this malpractices will have to pay a very heavy price for what they are doing, he added.
he also warned of very heavy price that unscrupulous elements will have to pay for amassing large amounts of cash unlawfully.
by ptinew delhi: home buyers will have to pay 12 per cent gst on balance amount due to the builder if the housing project has been granted completion certificate by march 31, 2019, the cbic has said.
builders who have received a completion certificate for an ongoing project before april 1, 2019, will have to charge 12 per cent gst from buyers on the balance amount due towards the purchase of the flat.
issuing the second set of faqs for real estate sector, the central board of indirect taxes and customs (cbic) said that builders will not be able to adjust the accumulated credits in ongoing projects in case they opt for lower new gst rate of 5 per cent for normal and 1 per cent for affordable housing.
the first set of faqs for real estate sector was issued last week to clarify doubts with regard to migration of real estate developers to new gst rates for the sector which has come into force from april 1, 2019.
the gst council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising state counterparts, had in march allowed real estate players to shift to 5 per cent gst rate for residential units and 1 per cent for affordable housing without the benefit of input tax credit (itc) from april 1, 2019.
for the ongoing projects, builders have been given the option to either continue in 12 per cent goods and services tax (gst) slab with itc (8 per cent for affordable housing), or opt for 5 per cent gst rate (1 per cent for affordable housing) without itc and communicate to their respective jurisdictional officers the same by may 20.
to a query on what shall be the rate of gst applicable on projects in respect of which occupation certificate has been issued prior to april 1, 2019, but the balance demands are pending, the faq said: time of supply of the service by way of construction of apartments in such projects falls prior to april 1, 2019, and accordingly the rates as existed prior to april 1, 2019, would apply to such balance demands.
amrg & associates partner rajat mohan said, this clarification has tightened the grip on taxpayers who intended to take benefit of lower taxes rates with the aid of deferred invoicing.
on whether accumulated itc can be adjusted against the new tax liability of 5 per cent and 1 per cent, the faq said: no.
gst on services of construction of an apartment by a promoter at the rate of 1 per cent/ 5 per cent is to be discharged in cash only.
itc, if any, may be used for discharging any other supply of service.
developers opting for new tax regime for ongoing projects now has another reason to refrain from new scheme, mohan said.
the cbic further clarified that exempted goods procured by a builder under the new tax regime would not be counted within the 80 per cent limit set for procurement from registered dealers.
this could entail an additional tax of 18 per cent on value of exempt supplies, credit of which would not be available to developers, mohan added.
while deciding on lower gst rates for real estate sector, the council had said that at least 80 per cent of the inputs should be procured from a registered dealer.
the cbic has also clarified that developer and not the landowner will have the right to decide whether to opt for new gst rates or stick to old rates for ongoing projects.
ey tax partner abhishek jain said: clarifications on some technical ambiguities like non-applicability of new rates for projects completed before april 2019, valuation of tdr, etc should help resolve some involved issues for this sector.
by aninew delhi: raking up the controversy around the 2g spectrum allotment which happened under the upa government in 2007-08, finance minister arunjaitley on monday alleged that the process was rigged.
the people would sprint first to the 7th or 8th floor and when rivals came, lifts stopped working.
there were also obstructionists standing in car parking area.
the alleged spectrum scam, according to a report by the comptroller and auditor general of india, incurred a loss of rs 1.
76 lakh crore to the public exchequer.
on october 9, the delhi high court fixed next hearing of a central bureau of investigation (cbi) appeal challenging the acquittal of former telecom minister a raja, dmk mp kanimozhi and others in the 2g spectrum allocation case to february 7, 2019.
the cbi has challenged the patiala house court's ruling which had acquitted all the accused in the case.
iterating the importance of the competition law, the bhartiya janata party member of parliament said that in the last two decades, four legislations altered the commercial jurisprudence of which competition law was the first.
stressing the irrationality of first come first serve basis of allotting the public contracts, he stated, mining laws were drafted, whosoever puts application first gets the first right to mine.
in the 1990s when there was a monopoly on television, there were huge queues to fetch the broadcast of doordarshan.
the fear of contract mafias, especially in uttar pradesh, was so rampant that nobody would come to bid.
but, the advent of digital board eliminated all of this.
luck was given precedence over competence.
is it rational?
further adding that fairness and competition ensure quality, he said, multiple players in the market ensure larger consumer interest.
in this model, the whims of the state are not permitted.
public procurement is a very large part of the gross domestic product (gdp).
the fairness and transparency allows state to fetch better quantity and quality.
it also ensures state revenues are used up for welfare purposes.
the global challenge in low-cost manufacturing and services is shifting to emerging or developing economies.
new delhi: giving an opportunity to achieve closure on the much debated retrospective tax, firms including vodafone and cairn energy gets one more month to settle tax disputes as the government has extended till january 31 as its one-time tax dispute resolution scheme.
the direct tax dispute resolution scheme, announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2016-17, seeks not just to settle disputes in retrospective taxes, but end nearly 2.
6 lakh pending tax cases where rs 5.
16 lakh crore are locked in.
on may 26, the government had notified the scheme saying it would open on june 1 and close on december 31.
the scheme provides for waiving interest and penalties if the principal amount involved in retrospective tax cases is paid.
for disputes other than the retrospective tax cases, taxpayers, whose appeal is pending as on february 29, 2016, before the cit (appeals), can settle cases by paying the disputed tax and interest up to the date of assessment.
for a disputed tax amount of up to rs 10 lakh, the penalty will be forgone.
in cases where the disputed tax amount is above rs 10 lakh, a penalty of 25 per cent will be levied.
for penalty appeals, the scheme allows the assessee to pay 25 per cent of the penalty.
through the scheme, the government hopes to settle major retrospective tax cases facing vodafone group and cairn energy of uk.
it also expects a third of the other tax disputes to be settled.
meanwhile, the notification comes against the backdrop of tepid response from companies to the scheme.
so far, none of the companies facing the retrospective tax cases have come forward.
by ptinew delhi: the oil and gas industry has sought infrastructure status for the exploration and production sector as also lowering of taxes on locally produced oil to boost domestic output and cut import dependence.
it also wants inclusion of natural gas in the goods and services tax (gst) regime at the earliest to boost the use of environment friendly fuel and help transition to a gas-based economy.
vedanta cairn oil and gas ceo sudhir mathur said that with the international oil prices breaching the usd 70 barrier, and india importing 80 per cent of its oil, the big challenge for finance minister arunjaitley while presenting the union budget 2018-19 will be to keep the fiscal deficit under control.
the import bill for 2018 is estimated at rs 5 lakh crore and any further rise in crude prices would necessitate tough fiscal measures, he said in his budget wish-list.
the need of the hour, he said, is to give a boost to domestic oil and gas production, pushing the agenda to fulfil prime minister narendra modi's vision of reducing dependency on imports by 10 per cent by 2022.
the budget is an opportunity for the government to introduce much-needed reforms that will encourage existing players to invest more, and attract new foreign investments to effectively tap the country's energy potential, he said.
jaitley should cut the cess on domestic production from 20 per cent of the price realised to 8 per cent, he said.
great eastern energy corp ltd (geecl) managing director & ceo prashant modi said a long standing demand of the oil and gas industry has been the grant of infrastructure status to the e&p sector in order to boost exploration activity in the country.
this will raise domestic production of oil and gas and help bring down the import bill.
natural gas, he said, continues to stay outside the ambit of the gst, posing biggest challenge to the sector.
being an environmental friendly fuel and currently being taxed reasonably by various states, it should be brought under the gst regime at the earliest, he said.
gst, which subsumed more than a dozen central and state levies like excise duty, service tax and vat into one tax, was rolled out from july 1 last year.
but crude oil, natural gas, petrol, diesel and jet fuel (atf) had been kept out of its purview for now.
mathur said the government has to clarify non- applicability of gst on royalty paid on crude oil and natural gas produced locally as also on cash calls made for an exploration and production (e&p) project.
the rollout of gst, and the exclusion of petroleum sector from its purview, has translated into much higher costs for the sector, defeating the objective of cost neutrality, he said.
also, there is a need to bring price parity between domestic crude and imports by cutting the 2 per cent central sales tax on local production, to further enhance the country's energy security, he said.
by express news servicemumbai: a month after the $2-billion pnb fraud surfaced, the reserve bank of india (rbi) seems to have run out of road.
in an unexpected move on tuesday, it discontinued issuance of letters of understanding (lous) for imports into india with immediate effect.
existing lous will be honoured, while letters of credit and bank guarantees may continue to be issued subject to compliance with norms.
the move scrapping lous  a direct fallout of the pnb fraud  jackknifes between a kneejerk reaction by rbi and the sectors inability to fix the flaws that are beyond repair.
also read: punjab national bank's new disclosure of usd 145 million swells fraud amount beyond 2 billion, says court documentsources said it could impact inter-bank credit, increase rupee borrowings, and worsen balance sheets of both banks and firms dependent on imports, besides denting the credibility of the entire bank payment mechanism.
the extent of outstanding lous by all banks couldnt be immediately ascertained as the central bank only recently sought this information from lenders.
but, rbis slapdash move scrapping them altogether is perhaps indicative of the instruments underlying misuse.
lous  instruments where a bank allows customers to raise short-term foreign currency from its own or another banks foreign branch to repay offshore suppliers  were allegedly used by absconding jewellers modi and mehul choksi to perpetrate the $2-billion pnb fraud in connivance with bank officials.
banks are permitted to approve trade credits for imports into india up to $20 million per import transaction for up to one year for non-capital goods (except gold) and up to three years for capital goods.
they have to furnish data quarterly to rbi.
meanwhile, reuters reported pnb disclosed additional exposure in modi, choksi fraud.
in a court filing on tuesday, police said pnb had filed a new complaint alleging it had been defrauded of an additional 9.
42 billion rupees ($145 million) by the gitanjali group of jewellery companies, the report said.
by online desknew delhi: former finance minister arunjaitley has been put on life support system at the aiims here, sources said, as several leaders including bihar chief minister nitish kumar and union minister piyush goyal visited the hospital.
the 66-year-old leader, who was admitted at the hospital on august 9, has been put on life support system and a multidisciplinary team of doctors is monitoring his condition, the sources said.
the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) has not issued any bulletin on jaitley's health condition since august 10.
jammu and kashmir governor satya pal malik, union health minister harsh vardhan, bjp's satish upadhyay, congress' abhishek singhvi and jyotiraditya scindia, and air force chief air marshal birender singh dhanoa also visited the hospital, the sources said.
bsp chief and former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati also visited the hospital.
i visited aiims today to enquire about the health condition of former finance and defence minister, and senior bjp leader shri arun jaitley.
i met his family and consoled them and prayed to the almighty that he recovers soon, mayawati tweeted.
jaitley was admitted to the hospital after he complained of breathlessness and restlessness.
in may this year, he was admitted to aiims for treatment.
jaitley, a lawyer by profession, had been an important part in prime minister narendra modi's cabinet in the bjp government's first term.
he held the finance and defence portfolios, and often acted as the chief troubleshooter of the government.
jaitley did not contest the 2019 lok sabha election because of his ill-health.
he had undergone a renal transplant on may 14 last year at aiims, with railways minister piyush goyal filling in for him in the finance ministry at that time.
jaitley, who had stopped attending office since early april last year, was back in the finance ministry on august 23, 2018.
in september 2014, he underwent bariatric surgery to correct the weight he had gained because of a long-standing diabetic condition.
new delhi: within three weeks of the union budget announcement, the finance ministry today started the process of listing three rail psus -- irctc, irfc and ircon.
the government is considering divesting a portion of the paid-up equity share capital through an ipo and has sought expression of interest (eoi) from merchant bankers by march 16.
the department of investment and public asset management (dipam) is scouting for merchant bankers to manage the initial public offering (ipo) of the three psus, which is under the administrative control of the rail ministry.
the government currently holds 100 per cent stake in these three companies.
the government intends to raise rs 72,500 crore through disinvestment of psus in the next fiscal.
of this, rs 46,500 crore would be raised through disinvestment of minority stake and rs 11,000 crore through strategic sale.
by ptinew delhi: leaders of different political parties on tuesday congratulated the indian air force at an all-party meeting here on operation targeting a terrorist camp in pakistan, with the congress saying that it will support security forces in their endeavour to finish terrorism coming into india from outside.
read | pakistan expected surgical strike in pok, had no clue iaf would attack deep insideexternal affairs minister sushma swaraj briefed the leaders, who included cpi(m)'s sitaram yechury, tmc's derek o'brian, omar abdullah of national conference and bhartruhari mahtab from bjd, on the air strike carried out in the early hours.
union ministers rajnath singh and arunjaitley , both members of the cabinet committee on security like swaraj, were also present in the meeting.
read | iaf air strike: pakistan drone shot down near gujarat borderazad told reporters after the meeting that political parties lauded the iaf strikes to destroy terror camps in a clean operation as there were no civilian casualties.
we will support our security forces in their endeavour to finish terrorism coming into indian from outside.
the good part was that it was a very clean operation, he said.
ncp's praful patel, bsp's satish mishra and bjp ally ramdas athawale also attended the meeting.
read | balakot camp located on bank of kunhar river in kpk; also used by hizbulin a swift and precise air strike, india bombed and destroyed jaish-e-mohammed's biggest training camp in pakistan early tuesday, killing over 350 terrorists, trainers and senior commanders, less than two weeks after the terror outfit carried out the suicide attack in pulwama in which 40 crpf personnel lost their lives.
new delhi: the government is making a last and final call for black money hoarders to come clean.
union finance minister arunjaitley introduced a bill in lok sabha on monday to amend income tax laws.
the amendments propose to levy a total tax, penalty and surcharge of 50 per cent on black money deposited post demonetisation, provided it is declared by the individual before december 30.
those who still hide their unaccounted wealth and are caught would be slapped with a stringent tax and penalty of 85 per cent.
the government also plans to use the money obtained through these measures for welfare projects including irrigation, primary education, primary health and livelihood.
these provisions will induce fear among people hoarding black money, revenue secretary hasmukh adia said.
according to the bill, those declaring black money would lose half, that is 50 per cent, of their total amount.
this would be in the form of a 30 per cent tax, 10 per cent penalty and a 10 per cent pmgk cess (which is 33 per cent of the tax amount).
of the remaining 50 per cent, half (or 25 per cent of the total money) would be locked in the pradhan mantri garibi kalyan (pmgk)yojana, the governments flagship anti-poverty programme, for a period of four years.
no interest would be paid to the depositor for this amount.
the remaining 25 per cent would be returned to the individual.
however, such voluntary disclosures would enjoy immunity from wealth tax, civil and other taxation laws.
but, there would be no immunity from laws regulating foreign exchange, money laundering or narcotics.
hasmukh adia denied this was a new amnesty scheme by the government and also said the bill was not retrospective since the financial year 2016-17 has not ended.
those who still do not disclose their unaccounted wealth within this period would face more stringent taxation amounting to 85 per cent.
a 60 per cent tax, 25 per cent surcharge on the tax (which is 15 per cent of the total money) and 10 per cent penalty are the components.
the government highlighted that the amendments were being introduced as a money bill in parliament.
a money bill passed by the lok sabha cannot be amended by the rajya sabha.
since the modi government does not have a majority in the upper house, this would ensure the bill is passed by both houses without amendments.
amritsar : the two-day heart of asia summit will begin here on saturday with the focus on stabilising war-ravaged afghanistan.
with external affairs minister sushma swaraj indisposed, finance minister arunjaitley will represent india in the groups sixth ministerial conference.
prime minister narendra modi and afghanistan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations on december 4.
pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs foreign policy advisor sartaj aziz is scheduled to attend the conference on the same day.
however, no bilateral meeting is expected during the conference as new delhi has already clarified that it has not officially received a request for any bilateral meeting from islamabad.
over 40 foreign ministers and dignitaries from china, russia, iran, uae, usa, canada and france besides the eu will participate in the conference.
the last heart of asia ministerial conference which was held in islamabad in december 2015.
indian external affairs minister sushma swaraj attended that conference.
the heart of asia-istanbul process was founded in istanbul in turkey in november 2011.
fourteen asian countries attended it.
new delhi: with railways launching zero accident mission, railway board has pulled up zonal railways for huge delays in execution of safety related works as some have not able to even place indents, there has been repeated discharge of tenders and surrender of funds.
the matter came up for discussion during chief mechanical engineer (cme) conference and it was found that there are delays in execution of safety related work.
a lot of delay is noticed in the execution of rsp (rolling stock programme) works including those that are related to safety.
often, public units/railways are not able to even place indents or there is repeated discharge of tenders and surrender of funds, said a railway ministry official.
finance minister arunjaitley had in budget proposed setting up of a special safety fund of rs 1 lakh crore for carrying upgradation of tracks, signalling and elimination of unmanned level crossings.
but spending of funds remain a cause of concern.
the 17 zonal railways have been directed to speed up cctv based surveillance system, fire and smoke detection system for ac coaches and proper systems of maintenance for these equipments need to be put in place.
rise in derailments has become a cause of concern for railways as railway minister suresh prabhu had announced zero accident mission in 2016 whereby public transporter will take measures to bring down accidents.
there have been back to back accidents in last months and measures are being taken to upgrade infrastructure and avoid human error.
on november 20, 2016, indore-patna express derailed near pukhrayan leading to death of 149 passengers.
two passengers were killed when sealdah-ajmer express derailed near kanpur on december 28, 2016.
early this year, jagdalpur-bhubaneswar hirakhand express derailed in vizianagram district, andhra pradesh, killing 39 passengers.
on march 3, 2017, a blast happened in bhopal-ujjain passenger train.
eight coaches of the jabalpur-nizamuddin mahakaushal express derailed in up on march 30.
on april 15, eight coaches of lucknow-bound rajya rani express derailed in uttar pradesh.
by ptinew delhi: the international solar alliance (isa) has signed a joint partnership agreement with the international energy agency (iea) to deepen cooperation in the field of renewable energy.
the isa has also inked joint financial partnership declarations with the african development bank (afdb), the asian development bank (adb), the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib), the green climate fund (gcf), and the new development bank (ndb).
the objective of the agreements is to deepen their cooperation in support of renewable energy.
the previous three partnerships were signed by isa with the world bank, the european investment bank and the european bank for reconstruction and development, an official statement said.
the agreements were signed in the presence of finance minister arunjaitley and power and new and renewable energy minister r k singh.
the statement said the international renewable energy agency (irena) will sign a joint partnership declaration tomorrow.
the isa is working for deployment of over 1,000 gw of solar energy and mobilising more than usd 1 trillion into solar energy by the year 2030.
singh said the isa today had 60 signatories and 30 parties already had ratified solar alliance.
together with the isa, afdb would work on mobilisation of concessional financing through existing, notably the bank's sustainable energy fund for africa and the facility for energy inclusion.
isa and adb have joined hands for promotion of solar energy in asia and the pacific, including solar power generation, solar based mini-grids, and transmission systems dedicated for integrating solar energy into the grids and any other future programs launched by isa, the statement said.
aiib and isa have collaborated for promotion of solar energy in prospective isa member countries where aiib operates.
besides, isa and gcf will promote development of affordable, reliable and sustainable solar energy as an important way towards a sustainable and inclusive economic growth.
new delhi: a city court today granted delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal exemption from personalappearance for the day in a criminal defamation complaint filed by finance minister arunjaitley against him and five other aap leaders.
chief metropolitan magistrate sumit dass granted the relief to kejriwal after an application was moved by his counsel saying that he was unable to attend the proceedings as he was busy in some official works.
the court also granted the relief to aap leader kumar vishwas, one of the other accused in the case.
the court, which was scheduled to hear the arguments from the accused -- kejriwal, vishwas, ashutosh, sanjay singh, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai -- on the framing of notice, however, posted the matter for december 20 after senior advocate ram jethmalani, appearing for the chief minister, said he had to attend a constitution day programme.
jaitley had filed the criminal defamation complaint alleging that the accused had allegedly defamed him inconnection with the delhi district cricket association (ddca) controversy.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley friday said the 10 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections in government jobs and educational institutions does not contravene the basic structure of the constitution and termed the move the single greatest recognition for the poor in the general category.
he also accused the main opposition party congress of only paying lip sympathy and grudgingly supporting the constitution amendment bill, passed by parliament earlier this week.
caste in india was considered as a key determinant of either social or historical oppression as in the case of the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes or a determinant of social and educational backwardness as in the case of the other backward classes, he said in a facebook blog.
poverty, however, is a secular criteria and it cuts across communities and religions, he said adding that poverty as a criteria for a carve out does not in any way contravene the basic structure of the constitution.
the union minister noted that the original constitution (unamended) in its preamble mentions equality of opportunity and justice for all whether political, social or economic to be ensured by the state.
the preamble expresses the intent of the constitution framers, he added.
it is an aid to the interpretation of what constitutes the basic structure.
nor does the carve out amongst the general non-reserved categories for 10 per cent of their poor in any way get restricted by the 50 per cent reservation embargo placed by the supreme court, said the senior bjp leader.
nonetheless, the prime minister's decision to force an agenda for poverty-based reservation is the single greatest recognition/concern for poor across the general categories and the need to eliminate poverty.
the principal opposition party showed only lip sympathy for the measure and grudgingly supported it while poking holes in the same, the minister said.
he also highlighted other government's initiatives like housing for every rural poor, universal health scheme - ayushman bharat, and interest subvention, for economic upliftment of the poor.
commodities have been made cheaper, even though the revenue sacrificed now after the rates revision would be close to rs 1 lakh crore, he said.
the finance minister further listed out measures taken by the present government for the upliftment and economic empowerment of the poor.
there is a method for economically empowering the poor.
their purchasing power has improved.
this helps trade and businesses which impacts positively on the economy.
this is the first five-year tenure of a government where india has consistently remained the fastest growing economy in the world, he said.
this indeed helps every indian  the poor, the neo-middle class, the middle class and, of course, the large business community, the minister added.
by ptinew delhi: a large number of imported items including mobile handsets, cars and motorcycles, fruit juices, perfumes and footwear will become costlier as the finance minister arunjaitley today hiked customs duties on these products in the union budget 2018-19.
however, select items such as imported raw cashew nuts, solar tempered glass and raw materials and accessories of cochlear implants will become cheaper with the government today reducing import duties on these items.
the following is a list of imported items that will become costlier:* cars and motorcycles * mobile phones * silver * gold * vegetable, fruit juices, including orange and cranberry * sunglasses * miscellaneous food preparations other than soya protein * perfumes and toilet waters * sunscreen, suntan, manicure, pedicure preparations * preparations for oral dental hygiene, denture fixative pastes and powders; dental floss * pre-shave, shaving or after-shave preparations, * deodorants, bath preparations, depilatories, perfumery * scent sprays and similar toilet sprays * truck and bus radial tyres * silk fabrics * footwear * coloured gemstones * diamonds * imitation jewellery * smart watches/wearable devices * lcd/ led tv panels * furniture * mattresses * lamps * wrist watches, pocket watches, clocks * tricycles, scooters, pedal cars, wheeled toys, dolls carriages, dolls, toys, puzzles of all kinds * video game consoles * articles and equipment for sports or outdoor games, swimming pools and paddling pools * cigarette and other lighters, candles * kites * edible/vegetable oils such as olive oil, groundnut oilthe following is the list of imported items that will become cheaper:* raw cashew nuts * solar tempered glass or solar tempered glass used for manufacture solar panels/modules * raw materials, parts or accessories used in making cochlear implants * select capital goods and electronics such as ball screws and linear motion guides.
by ptiislamabad: in a tit-for-tat move, pakistan on friday summoned indian deputy high commissioner here and lodged a protest against india's allegation of its role in the brutal pulwama terrorist attack.
pakistan-based terror group jaish-e-mohammad (jem) has claimed responsibility for the terror attack in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district on thursday that left 40 crpf soldiers dead and five critically wounded.
the summoning of the indian diplomat comes after india earlier in the day summoned pakistan hc to india sohail mahmood and issued a very strong demarche over the killing of the crpf soldiers.
pakistan must take immediate and verifiable action against the jem and that it must immediately stop any groups or individuals associated with terrorism operating from its territories, foreign secretary vijay gokhale told the envoy.
though the foreign office has not issued any statement, sources said the fo summoned the indian deputy high commissioner and rejected baseless allegations made by india against pakistan on the pulwama attack.
a short video clip of the indian diplomat leaving the ministry of foreign affairs is also circulating in the social media.
meanwhile, in a tweet, fo spokesperson mohammad faisal said pakistan foreign secretary tehmina janjua today briefed ambassadors of the united states, russia, france, the united kingdom and china on the pulwama attack and rejected india's allegations.
fs today briefed p5 ambassadors at mofa.
rejected indian allegations on pulwama attack, he tweeted.
fs said pakistan has pursued a constructive approach towards india.
pakistan's offer of dialogue and the #kartarpur initiative are a clear evidence of this.
ratcheting up tensions in the region will be counterproductive, faisal added.
following the pulwama terror attack, india friday withdrew the 'most-favoured nation' status to pakistan, a move which would enable india to increase customs duty on goods coming from the neighbouring country.
india granted the mfn status to pakistan way back in in 1996, but the neighbouring country has not yet reciprocated.
according to sources, indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria has also been called to delhi for consultations in the wake of the horrific attack.
meanwhile, pakistan's information minister fawad chaudhry said in an interview that pakistan would take action against anyone if india shares evidence.
new delhi: with the government steadily pushing the economy to go more cashless and adopt a variety of online transactions through a plethora of mobile and internet solutions, the security implications of transacting online have begun to be raised.
on friday, the government moved to make sure that security is beefed up in the online ecosystem by instructing digital payment service providers and e-commerce majors to enhance their cyber security systems.
according to sources in the home ministry, instructions have gone out to companies in the online payments ecosystem to beef up their security to prevent virtual attacks from hackers.
the instructions come in the wake of a huge surge in digital payments post the demonetisation drive begun on november 8.
according to reports from digital payments firms, transactions on their platforms have shot up by several times during the weeks after november 8 and experts say that now that going cashless, or toward less cash in the words of finance minister arunjaitley , has become an official policy, cyber security takes all the more precedence.
in an earlier interview, agricultural and rural economist vijay sardana had pointed out that the security aspect of such transactions pose one of the most difficult hurdles to a cashless economy.
we do not have strong cyber security systems in place and there is no legal framework of liability in case of online fraud.
unless this is addressed, it will be very hard to build trust in such transactional systems, he pointed out.
sources in the home ministry also point out that with the digital payments drive, threats in the cyber world can no longer be ignored.
many companies, said officials, were still vulnerable to threats emanating from the virtual world.
meanwhile, the governments enhanced attention to cyber security was indicated by deputy national security advisor arvind gupta, who had recently red-flagged the vulnerability of banking industry which has rapidly gone digital over the years.
in the recent past, he had said, several high profile attacks have taken place on the banks, this is a worrying trend.
one of the largest such lapses happened a few months ago when data of nearly 3.
2 million credit and debit cards belonging to several banks were leaked.
cyber security issues are now top of the national security agenda and such issues are given more importance than even the nuclear issues that used to top the international security agenda, gupta had said.
kochi: accusing prime minister narendra modi of causing miseries to the people through his disastrous decision to withdraw high-value currency notes, congress senior spokesperson anand sharma said the people had lost faith in the indian banking system.
addressing mediapersons here on sunday, the former union minister said the prime minister had insulted people of the country through the currency reform.
indian banks had remained resilient and trustworthy even after the global economic crisis of 2008-09, reinforcing peoples faith in the countrys banking system.
also, the reserve bank of india (rbi) used to have a formidable reputation.
of late, however, peoples faith in the banking system has been shattered and the rbi lost its reputation, he said.
while the atms are running dry, crores and crores of newly-printed currency notes are finding their way out of the system through the backdoor.
in such a scenario, how can the people trust the banks, asked anand.
the prime minister and the bjp government should be held responsible for creating such a huge upheaval in peoples lives; causing sufferings; destroying the economy; and for the 111 deaths linked to the cash crunch.
the prime minister has misled the nation and its people, he said, and alleged that modi had tarnished the countrys image in the global arena by creating an impression that the indian economy had been ruled by corruption and black money.
snatching peoples hard-earned money in the name of curbing black money is the biggest insult to those who earn a living through hard work.
it is the constitutional duty of the government and the prime minister to protect peoples money and property, said the congress leader, and pointed out that the prime ministers claims with regard to the demonetisation drive - fighting black money, corruption and counterfeiting of indian currencies - proved to be wrong.
02 percent of the total currency in circulation.
the prime ministers claims are wrong and misleading.
after narendra modi became the prime minister, the bjp formulated a national scheme for corruption and money laundering, alleged sharma, adding that it would be a distant dream to turn the indian economy into a cashless one as 95 per cent of the financial transactions are done in cash in the country.
besides, as much 43 per cent of indians do not have bank account.
for them, doing credit/debit card transactions is out of question, he said, terming the talks about cashless economy absurd.
kpcc vice-president v d satheesan, former mp p c chacko and dcc president t j vinod were also present.
indore: madhya pradesh was once in the category of bimaru states, but a strong leadership coupled with a business friendly environment and ever-growing as an educational hub, has helped the state to shed off its past image, said union finance minister arunjaitley on saturday during the fifth edition of global investment meet in indore.
he pointed out that the state used to be historically disadvantage with majority of tribal settlements after the state was carved.
when different states were carved out and different linguistic states formed, there was an area in the centre of the country which got left out and that disjointed area became one state.
they carved out maharashtra on one side, when they carved out orissa, andhra pradesh, it had a large tribal population, it had very little development and in the planned regulated economy, we coined the bimaru states, i.
e.
economically backward states, he said.
jaitley said chief minister shivraj singh chouhans focus on social schemes, special emphasis on bijli (electricity), paani (water), sadak (road) had helped the state to achieve double digit growth in agriculture, thereby bringing prosperity to farmers.
jaitley pointed out that madhya pradesh is a successful story of transporting water from one part of the state to another where the narmada was brought to different parts in madhya pradesh.
it also shares the river water with adjacent states like gujarat.
madhya pradesh should now be able to attract large international investment as also domestic investment which engulfs the entire india story.
generation for power, electricity and this was accompanied by spending the resources of state in empowering people, he said.
he said that with the implantation of goods and services tax (gst), when india becomes one market, there would be good flow of trades and services across the nation and this seamless flow across the nation will contribute significantly to the nations and as well as backwards states progress.
anuradha shukla byexpress news servicenew delhi: the goods and services tax (gst) council has approved a proposal to convert gst network, the it backbone of gst, into a government-owned entity, unveiled a new, simplified return filing process, and deferred a decision on imposing cess on sugar following opposition from states.
the gst network currently is 24.
5 per cent owned by the central government, 24.
5 per cent held by state governments collectively, and the remaining 51 per cent is with hdfc ltd, hdfc bank ltd, icici bank ltd, nse strategic investment co and lic housing finance ltd.after the proposed change in shareholding pattern, the centre will own a 50 per cent stake and the rest will be held collectively by the states.
another important outcome of the meeting was that the council was able to finalise a road map for introduction of simplified return filing.
the new simplified return would require a taxpayer to file only one return every month.
the new system will be functional in six months.
it will take about six months for gstn to prepare for it, so for that period the current arrangement of gstr3b and gstr 1 will continue.
this will be the first phase of transition, where the current system will continue for the next six months, said finance secretary hasmukh adhia.
however, the council postponed a decision on incentivising the digital payment system.
while most states were in favour of giving a 2 per cent incentive if all payments are made digitally or through cheques, some wanted a small negative list, and so the issue will be referred to a five-member group of state finance ministers, said finance minister arunjaitley , who chaired the meeting via video conferencing.
another group of ministers (gom) would look at the issue of levy of cess on sugar beyond the gst tax rates.
the proposal was opposed by most states.
according to y ramakrishnudu, finance minister of andhra pradesh, levy of cess by the government is against the spirit of gst.
any additional cess on sugar will increase the subsidy burden on the state, he said.
long queues were seen at bank branches across hyderabad.
people started arriving even before the banks opened.
though it was announced that the banks will open at 8 a.
m.
, the transactions started only at 9 a.
m.
while some banks like icici opened the doors for public at 9 a.
m.
, many public sector banks had not opened even at 10 a.
m.
new delhi: the reserve bank of india (rbi) launched new rs. 500 and rs. 2,000 currency notes from today.
people have been queuing outside banks since morning to get their hands on the new currency denominations.
the decision to cancel the legal tender scatters of 500 and 1000 rupees note is a very bold, powerful and decisive step to fight the menace of black money and the use of fake indian currency notes.
counter fate fake indian currency notes for financing terrorism.
rbi will release new currency notes with new features, designs and dimensions from 10 november onwards, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said while unveiling the new notes on monday.
private banks opened its exchange counter in vpm @newindianxpress pic.
twitter.com/ybb8ifzolk  karal marx (@karal_tnie) november 10, 2016the rbi yesterday stated that the banks will remain open for public even on the weekend i.
e.
november 12 and 13 to deal with rush of people wanting to deposit the defunct currency bills.
banks and atms were shut yesterday to remove old rs. 500/1000 notes and stock them with lower denomination and new hard-to- fake rs. 500 and rs 2,000 currency notes.
the new notes come loaded with enhanced security features, besides having peculiar colour, theme and size which differentiate the new bills from the earlier series.
the government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere.
this major step with help india's credibility, he added.
the finance minister further said this decision will change the way people spend and keep their money.
it will take india towards a cashless economy, it doesn't merely push the country in that direction, but significantly pushes it, he added.
he also said the decision is of significant advantage to the economy, adding both the centre and states will benefit from with more revenue accruing in the economic system.
the customers received the new note with curiosity but the problems remained in the market with severe shortage of change since wednesday.
though there was no limit on deposit, for big amounts the banks were insisting on pan number.
those drawing rs 10,000 from their bank accounts were also asked to produce their identity proof.
long queues were also seen at the reserve bank of india's regional office at saifabad.
some people including contractors were carrying more than rs 4,000 and were requesting the officials for exchange so that they can make the payments for labourers.
however, the officials expressed their inability to give exchange for more than the prescribed limit.
by express news servicenew delhi: a political slugfest broke out on wednesday on the cag report on rafale.
while the opposition slammed the report which said the ndas rafale jet deal was 2.
8 per cent cheaper than the one negotiated during the previous upa, the ruling bjp backed it.
i reject the report, congress chief rahul gandhi said, noting the document did not incorporate the dissent note submitted by three members of the team that negotiated the rafale deal.
mocking the centres earlier claims that the deal was 9 to 20 per cent cheaper, rahul said the cag figure of 2.
8 per cent contradicted it.
read | cag report brings out ambiguities, political slugfest to continuethe congress chief said the cag report had demolished both the counts, better price and faster delivery, on which pm modi defended the deal.
picking holes in the cag report, rahul said it was strange that the amount agreed for 126 india-specific enhancements was equal to that of 36 ordered by the nda, that the nda had reduced the benchmark price by 55 per cent and that jets will arrive later under the nda deal that the upa.
read | cag report on rafale does not mention dissenting note, not worth paper its written on: rahul gandhiunion minister rs prasad hit back saying, rahul never raises serious issues inside parliament and lies outside.
all the defence experts said rafale jets were needed and even the iaf officers said so.
there is no deal for procurement of weapons in the upa without a deal.
the cpi (m) said the cag report does not answer a single question concerning the corruption associated with this deal and crony capitalism.
samajwadi party leader ram gopal yadav said the cag report shows prima facie the government was at fault.
it cannot be that the sc is wrong, the cag is wrong and only the dynast is right.
satyameva jayate  the truth shall prevail.
the term of present incumbent pranab mukherjee comes to an end on july 24.
| pti file photonew delhi: the process of filing nominations for the july 17 presidential poll began today with the election commission issuing a notification in this regard.
the nomination process will continue till june 28.
the ruling nda and a loosely knit group of opposition parties have intensified efforts to zero in on a mutually acceptable presidential candidate.
but they would go their separate ways if a consensus proves elusive.
after a prolonged silence on the issue, bjp chief amit shah has constituted a three-member committee comprising union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu which will hold consultations with the nda allies and the opposition on the issue.
leaders of opposition parties will hold their meeting this afternoon to chalk out their joint strategy and come up with a consensus candidate.
the 10-member sub-group of the opposition is meeting for the first time after its constitution recently.
sources said the opposition leaders will try and come out with some possible names for the post of president, but will await the government initiative in this regard.
in a bid to ensure that non serious candidates do not file nomination for the prestigious election, laws were amended a few years ago.
now, a candidate who is supported by 50 'electors' and seconded by another 50 can file nomination.
elected members of the lok sabha and the rajya sabha and elected members of state legislative assemblies are the electors.
if the elections are held in case both the nda and the opposition field their candidates, then the results will be announced on july 20.
the term of present incumbent pranab mukherjee comes to an end on july 24.
by ptinew delhi: a man in his 30s allegedly suffering from depression has been detained for lurking suspiciously near the residence of finance minister arunjaitley in south delhi's greater kailash, police said tuesday.
the person has been identified as ganesh nayak, a resident of prakash mohalla in garhi, they said.
last night, greater kailash police station was informed about a man near the residence of the jaitely, police said.
on reaching the spot, which was a park, nearly 100 yards from jaitley's house, police learnt that the staff of rac (rajasthan armed constabulary) deployed at the residence of the minister had put up porta cabins there as resting place and the person had entered there, a senior police officer said.
investigations revealed that nayak seemed to be under the phobia of being attacked by unknown persons, he said.
on monday, when he was returning home around 9 pm, two-three persons were crossing his path and he feared that they were going to beat him up following which he starting running.
he finally ended up at the spot and hid behind the porta cabins of rac, he added subsequently, he was caught by the staff who then informed police about it, the officer said.
the statement of nayak to the police are being verified.
however, nayak's version that he was working as a security guard has been verified from his employer and nothing suspicious has been found, the officer added.
police said that nayak seems mentally disturbed due to some family trouble.
he is staying at prakash mohalla in garhi with his friends and colleagues.
his family is in west bengal.
further investigation is underway.
amritsar/new delhi : iran on saturday said it feels the nuclear agreement with the us is not in jeopardy even as it hit out at the us senate vote to extend the iran sanctions act (isa) for 10 years, which it said lowers american credibility.
the nuclear agreement is not a bilateral agreement but a multilateral agreement that came after everything failed, iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif said in new delhi.
his comments came after the us senate voted 99-0 this week to extend the isa.
iran maintains that the measure will be a violation of the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), a nuclear agreement between tehran and the group 5+1 (russia, china, the us, britain, france and germany).
asked if the sanctions meant that the nuclear deal is in jeopardy, zarif said, i dont think that the nuclear deal is in jeopardy, but noted that the resolution in the american senate dents the credibility of the us.
meanwhile, in a last-minute change of schedule, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs foreign policy advisor sartaj aziz reached amritsar on saturday evening.
earlier, he was scheduled to reach on sunday for the heart of asia conference and return the same day.
as he reached a day in advance, speculations were rife that he would have bilateral talks with india.
however, officials from the ministry of external affairs (mea) ruled out this possibility.
it was learnt that aziz rescheduled his visit citing the forecast of uncertain weather on sunday.
aziz is leading the pakistani delegation to the conference that focuses on regional cooperation between afghanistan and its neighbours to improve connectivity and tackle security threats in the war-torn country.
hours after his arrival, aziz attended a dinner where he exchanged pleasantries with prime minister narendra modi.
he also sent a bouquet to external affairs minister sushma swaraj at her residence in delhi, extending his wishes for her speedy recovery.
with swaraj indisposed, as she is unwell, finance minister arunjaitley will represent india at the ministerial conference.
modi and afghanistan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations of the conference, which will see over eight foreign ministers and dignitaries of 14 participating countries, on sunday.
modi and ghani paid obeisance at golden temple and were given a red carpet welcome.
new delhi: giving companies like vodafone and cairn energy one more month to accept its offer to settle retro tax disputes, the government has extended till january 31 its one-time tax dispute resolution scheme.
the direct tax dispute resolution scheme, announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget for 2016-17, seeks not just to settle disputes in retrospective taxes, but end nearly 2.
6 lakh pending tax cases where rs 5.
16 lakh crore are locked in.
the offer to settle the disputes was to end on december 31, but it has now been extended till january 31, said the central board of direct taxes (cbdt).
on may 26, the government had notified the scheme saying it would open on june 1 and close on december 31.
in the said notification, the figures, letters and words december 31, 2016, the figures, letters and words january 31, 2017, shall be substituted, cbdt said in a notification.
the scheme provides for waiving interest and penalties if the principal amount involved in retrospective tax cases is paid.
for disputes other than the retrospective tax cases, taxpayers, whose appeal is pending as on february 29, 2016 before the cit (appeals), can settle cases by paying the disputed tax and interest up to the date of assessment.
for a disputed tax amount of up to rs 10 lakh, the penalty will be forgone.
in cases where the disputed tax amount is above rs 10 lakh, a penalty of 25 per cent will be levied.
for penalty appeals, the scheme allows the assessee to pay only 25 per cent of the penalty.
through the scheme, the government hopes to settle major retrospective tax cases facing vodafone group and cairn energy of uk.
it also expects a third of the other tax disputes to be settled.
the notification comes against the backdrop of tepid response from companies to the scheme.
so far, none of the companies facing the retrospective tax cases have come forward.
the scheme provided for waiver of the interest and penalty for retro tax cases only if the company in question withdraws all appeals against the government at all judicial forums.
the tax department had last week come out with the second faq on the scheme clarifying that the taxes cannot be paid in instalments.
it had also said companies like vodafone and cairn energy facing retrospective tax demand will have to withdraw legal cases and give up the right to contest constitutional validity of back-dated amendment to i-t laws if they want to avail of the dispute resolution scheme.
it is, hence, clear that if the assessee avails (of) the scheme, he cannot contest the constitutional validity of retrospective amendment in the high court or the supreme court, the cbdt's frequently asked questions (faqs) said.
by ptinew delhi: the government today reconstituted the banks board bureau, appointing former dopt secretary bhanu pratap sharma as the chairman, replacing vinod rai.
the bbb's term under rai ended on march 31 and the new board has been set up at a time when the banking sector is grappling with mounting bad loans and frauds.
the other members of the reconstituted bbb are: vedika bhandarkar (former md credit suisse india), p pradeep kumar (former md sbi) and pradip p shah (founder md crisil).
the board under sharma will have a two year tenure.
he was serving as the chairman of recruitment and assessment centre at the defence research and development organisation (drdo).
financial services secretary rajiv kumar said the reconstituted bbb will have the same mandate as was given to the previous one which was led by rai.
the restructured bbb will take forward all the hr related recommendation of the previous board, he said.
in a tweet while announcing the constitution of bbb, kumar said: government renews commitment to not interfere in senior level appointments in psbs (public sector banks).
he said all the members of the reconstituted bbb have diverse experience.
sharma was chosen by the government as he has wide experience on human resource issues, and has served as secretary department of personnel and training (dopt), he said.
prime minister narendra modi in 2016 approved the constitution of bbb as a body of eminent professionals and officials to make recommendations for the appointment of whole-time directors as well as non-executive chairmen of psbs.
they were also given the task of engaging with the board of directors of all the public sector banks to formulate appropriate strategies for their growth and development.
the bureau will recommend for selection of heads - public sector banks and financial institutions and help banks in developing strategies and capital raising plans, states the 2016 mandate of the bbb.
days before his two year term came to an end, rai, a former cag, had expressed displeasure over lack of communication between the bbb and the finance ministry.
he had said that most of the bbb's recommendations have not received due attention from the government and it has been merely working as an appointment board since inception.
the bbb had also sought wider mandate from the government including advising the government on consolidation of psbs in the least disruptive manner.
rai later dismissed the reports of lack of coordination between the bbb and the government saying that the rapport was total and he often met finance minister arunjaitley and received guidance from him.
in a 60-page report titled 'compendium of recommendations' posted on bbb website in march, rai gave a status update on the work done by the bureau since 2016.
by express news servicenew delhi: the congress on monday slammed the government, saying that there was a serious credibility crisis in the cbi, with its top officers accusing each other of massive corruption, and blamed vested interests within the government for bringing the agency to such a pass.
congress leader sachin pilot accused the government of interference in the cbi and asked why it was silent on the issue.
also read | disclose everything, don't interfere in probe against cbi's rakesh asthana: congress to centrehow do we trust the cbi to look at corruption issues when their top people are themselves involved and allegations are flying thick and fast?
the fact that it has reached this point tells you how long and how deep the rot may be within this government, pilot said.
earlier in the day, congress president rahul gandhi reacted to the ongoing controversy over the second-in-command in the central bureau of investigation, special director rakesh asthana, and called the investigating agency an institution in terminal decline thats at war with itself.
pilot said that the cbis top officers were accusing each other of massive corruption.
so there are serious credibility issues and i think there are vested interests within the government and within cbi that have brought this agency to such a pass, pilot said.
pilot also accused the modi government of conniving with fraudsters who had escaped the country and cited conflict of interest to say that finance minister arunjaitley should be sacked after his daughter and son-in-law, both lawyers, allegedly received a retainership of `24 lakh from fugitive mehul choksi.
in the 44 months till january 2018, the modi government witnessed an unprecedented 19,000 bank fraud cases involving `90,000 crore, congress leader sachin pilot said at a press conference along with party colleagues rajiv satav and sushmita dev.
he also alleged that 23 fraudsters had escaped india under the governments watch after duping the country of over `53,000 crore.
pilot said a sinking economy, banking frauds and flying fraudsters formed part of bjps-jaitleys new india and demanded that the minister should resign on moral grounds.
by express news servicevijayawada: injustice was meted out to andhra pradesh in the union budget for 2018-19, decried ysr congress party mps.
reacting over union finance minister arunjaitley budget speech, they said andhra pradesh was totally ignored though the ruling telugu desam party in the state happens to be part of the nda regime at the centre.
none of the promises made and provisions of the ap reorganisation act was considered, they said.
speaking to mediapersons in delhi, ysrc mps v vijaya sai reddy, yv subba reddy, p mithun reddy and ys avinash reddy said the union budget was a big disappointment to the state.
we were disappointed and depressed after the budget presentation.
there is nothing worth mentioning that stands to benefit the state.
we expected the provisions of ap reorganisation act would be implemented, but it was not to be the case.
there was no clarity with regard to funding for polavaram project, subba reddy said.
he said the newly introduced rs 5 lakh health insurance and medical services to the poor is a welcome move.
it is more on the lines of arogyasri introduced by former chief minister ys rajasekhara reddy, he pointed out.
the mp said they still abide by their statement to quit their posts for the special category status if their resignations will make it happen.
mp vijaya sai reddy criticised the tdp regime for failing to protect the interests of andhra pradesh as there was nothing for the state in the union budget.
by express news servicenew delhi: on the second anniversary of demonetization, the opposition slammed pm modi for his reckless and disastrous decision.
the congress has directed all its state units to protest against the decision at district headquarters on november 9.
unfortunately, the scars and wounds of demonetisation are only getting more visible with time.
notebandi impacted every single person, regardless of age, gender, religion, occupation or creed, said former prime minister manmohan singh.
also read: demonetisation led to formalisation of economy, expanded tax base: arun jaitleyeyond the steep drop in headline gdp growth numbers, the deeper ramifications of demonetisation were still unravelling, said singh, a well-known economist, while listing the many ill-effects of the note ban exercise.
congress president rahul gandhi said november 8 would go down in the history as a day of infamy.
demonetisation is unique in the history of our tragedies because it was a self-inflicted, suicidal attack that destroyed millions of lives and ruined thousands of indias small businesses.
the worst hit by demonetisation were the poorest of the poor, forced to queue for days to exchange their meager savings he said.
lashing out at finance minister arunjaitley , rahul said, the governments spin doctors, including our incompetent finance minister, have the unenviable task of defending an indefensible, criminal policy.
emphasising that the move destroyed the economy, lives and livelihoods, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury said: modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
two years later, modi is silent.
terming it has the darkest day for india, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee said the biggest sufferers were the people working in agriculture sector and farmers, small businessmen, labourers, domestic workers and poor people.
economy is now totally depressed, business is now oppressed and common people are suppressed, she said.
delhi cm arvind kejriwal called demonetisation a self-inflicted wound on the indian economy.
keralas finance minister thomas isaac said the centre refrained from celebrating demonetisation this year.
new delhi: unveiling the biggest tax reforms in the country, the lok sabha on wednesday passed the four enabling goods and services tax (gst) bills after a marathon daylong discussions during which the government and the opposition sparred over the scope of the legislation.
while the finance minister arunjaitley hailed the four gst bills for having been drafted by the gst council with consensus as a revolutionary step, the opposition lamented that it was only a baby step.
while replying to the discussions, jaitely refuted the claims of the opposition that the agriculturists would come under the ambit of the gst.
why are you presuming that 29 states, two union territories and the central government will conspire to bring the agriculturists into the gst net?
your apprehension is misplaced, jaitely stated.
the finance minister also countered the concerns of the congress leader veerappa moily that the government by resorting to bring the four enabling gst bills as money bills has sought to undermine the rajya sabha.
since independence, has there been any legislation which included proposals for taxation as anything but a money bill, asked jaitely.
the four enabling gst bills passed by the lok sabha are central gst bill, inter-state gst bill, gst (compensation to states) bill, and the union territory gst bill.
the finance minister also referred to the chief economic advisor arvind subramaniam making a presentation before the gst council wherein he argued for the inclusion of the real estate into the ambit of the gst network.
the government of the union territory of delhi was the first state to support the inclusion of the real estate into the gst network.
afterwards the finance minister of delhi made presentation before the gst council for the inclusion of the real estate into the gst network, stated jaitely, while adding that the final decision on inclusion of the real estate into the gst network would be taken within one year of the rollout of the taxation reforms.
he also stated that the petroleum products have similarly been included for the futuristic purpose and upon consensus among the states it could also be brought into the ambit of the gst network with administrative decision without needing amendment in the laws.
the minister added that the states did not agree for the inclusion of the potable alcohol into the ambit of the gst.
justifying the multiple tax rates, the minister argued that hawai chappal and bmw cannot have the same rates.
he added that the food items will have the zero rates, while the sin commodities will have the highest rate of 28 per cent along with a cess for the five years.
he also claimed that the rollout of the gst would have moderating influence on the prices of commodities, which will make them cheaper.
jaitely responded to various interruptions in the house on tax rates by saying that the gst council will recommend rates on different commodities.
he also justified the anti-profiteering clause in the bills, saying that the benefits of tax rebates have to be passed onto the consumers.
however, the shiromani akali dal (sad) mp prem singh chandumajra, while taking part in the discussion, argued that the gst rollout would have regressive impact on agriculture, as leasing of land, agricultural allied activities, including dairy products, horticulture would come under the tax net.
the congress mp moily, while initiating the discussion, slammed the government saying, what you have brought today is not a game-changer, or great reform, but a baby step forward.
this will be a technological nightmare.
he said that categorisation of goods also needs to be done.
he posed a number of questions -- is kitkat a chocolate or a biscuit?
is coconut oil considered as hair oil or cooking oil?
the changes we are about to implement are unprecedented and historic.
it was intended by the upa government and should have been implemented then, but some opposition parties at the time thought it should not have been done.
imagine the loss to the country, to the people, due to a political gamble.
it amounts to a loss of about rs. 12 lakh crore, said moily.
the congress leader argued that as far as the tax rates are concerned, the government must resist from placing too many goods in the 18 per cent tax bracket.
the opposition mps also wondered what would be the fate of compensation to states after five years on account of loss of revenue.
the rsp mp n k premchandran, while taking part in the discussions, claimed that the power of the parliament would be taken off as the tax rates would be decided by the gst council.
union finance minister arunjaitley after passage of the gst bill pass in parliament house in new delhi on wednesday (shekhar yadav | eps)bengaluru: the office bearers of the ja c of the state commercial taxes department and its officers went on a hunger strike at commercial taxes department headquarters in gandhinagar on wednesday.
according to the officials, the gst councils anti-state and anti-federal decisions are bound to destroy the fiscal autonomy of the states.
gst bill, which has been hailed as a major tax reform has turned out to be a boon to centre and bane to the state.
the state commercial taxes department is bound to lose its dealer base and jobs by more than 50 per cent, said phaniraj d v, vice president of karnataka commercial taxes services (officers) association.
denying empowerment to administer service tax is bound to emaciate the states financial strength to such an extent that they will end up looking to the centre for funding most of their welfare and developmental programs, he added.
this protest is a part of pan india protests called for by the all india confederation of commercial taxassociations (aiccta).
by express news servicenew delhi: now, fathers name is no longer mandatory for issuing permanent account number (pan) cards.
the government has amended rules that will allow children of single mothers, who dont want to disclose or associate with their fathers name, to apply for a pan by giving their mothers name.
the rule, which came into effect on december 5, has come at the behest of the union women and child development ministry.
sometime back, a similar norm was passed for passports.
the central board of direct taxes, under the income tax department, said the application forms would give an option to the applicant to mention if the mother is a single parent or the applicant wishes to furnish only the mothers name.
also read: pan card rules get an upgradation, here are the new rulet preset, furnishing the fathers name is mandatory for allotment of a pan card.
a senior government official said that following the notification, the tax department has addressed the concerns of those whose mother is a single parent and, hence, would want to get their mothers name on pan cards instead of the estranged or deceased father.
we are happy with finance minister arunjaitley for considering our request and amending the pan card application in income tax rules, 1962, tweeted women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi.
i can say it with pride that our government walks its talk when it raises the slogan of sashakt nari surakshit nari empowered woman, safe woman).
these are radical transformations that reaffirm the fact that a women continues to be an equal part of society, she added.
earlier, we had also amended the passport & educational certificates rules so either mother or fathers name can be provided in application forms.
this is to further enhance sensitivity towards single mothers, gandhi also wrote.
by aninew delhi: finance secretary dr hasmukh adhia on saturday called for more stringent reforms in customs facilitation, thereby resulting in a significant improvement in indias ease of doing business ranking.
one area we have to improve is the ranking of india in the ease of doing business index.
while our current rank of 146 has seen a significant 30-place jump, we need to work harder to keep it within 100, driven by an improvement in customs facilitation.
we need to implement enough measures to bring it within 100 in a year or two, adhia said while addressing the investiture ceremony and international customs day 2018 here.
the finance secretary further stressed on the need for better reforms in trading across the border, and appealed to customs officers to facilitate deliberations on the same, if necessary.
on this occasion, two apps were launched by finance minister arunjaitley , namely icetab and icetrak.
the it tools aim to create effective communication between trade and the department of customs and central excise.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal leaves from patiala house courts after a hearing of the defamation case filed by finance minister arunjaitley against him and five other aap leaders in new delhi.
| ptichandigarh: a shoe was hurled at delhi chief minister and aap chief arvind kejriwal by a youth in rohtak in haryana on sunday evening during the partys rally against demonetisation.
giving a political colour to the incident, kejriwal termed the youth a bhakt of prime minister narendra modi.
the youth, vikas kumar of dadri , threw the shoe towards kejriwal but it landed just short of him on the stage.
immediately, party workers thrashed the youth and he was handed over to police.
he was sitting in the media block.
maine ek baar kaha that modi kayar hai (i once said modi is a coward.
this proves my words).
.
.
modi has no guts to face me on his own.
that is why he sends his stooges to throw shoes at me, kejriwal said.
repeating the allegations made by congress vice-president rahul gandhi against the prime minister, kejriwal said modi had accepted money to the tune of `65 crore from the sahara and birla groups during his tenure as gujarat chief minister in 2013-14.
he alleged that the income tax officials probing the said cases were shifted so that the truth of the matters could not surface.
he further alleged that bjp leaders had invested their black money in real estate and told their near and dear ones to do so before the note ban was announced.
this sunday, the modi sarkar completes 1,091 days in office, and three years on may 26.
this week, the government will be assessed for what it promised and what it has delivered as yet.
its biggest miss, an opportunity messed up, is the relegation of the grand idea of 100 new cities into a routine programme.
the messed up opportunity needs to be viewed in the context of the challenges faced by the governmentto create 10 million jobs a year, catalyse consumption, prime investment, boost affordable housing and improve human development indicators, and promote social inclusion.
our cities should no longer remain a reflection of poverty and bottlenecks.
rather, they should become symbols of efficiency, speed and scale.
we will look at urbanisation as an opportunity rather than a threat.
we will initiate building 100 new cities; enabled with the latest in technology and infrastructureadhering to concepts such as sustainability, walk to work etc, and focused on specialised domains.
this is what the bjps election manifesto 2014 released on march 26 that year said.
sixty one days later, the bjp stormed home with 282 seats and a coalition score of 336.
for the first time in 25 years, a party had won a majority mandate.
cut to budget 2014-15.
towards this, the budget allocated was `7,060 crore.
a year later, the government announced a programme for smart cities.
the smart city was defined as one having provision of basic infrastructure to give a decent quality of life to its citizens, a clean and sustainable environment and application of smart solutions, keeping the citizens at the centre.
all very laudable but the moot question is how this fulfils the promise to build new cities?
how many of the cities pass the liveability test?
take three parametersair, water and transport.
has there been any progress on quality of air?
pune, deemed smart city, is hostage to tanker mafia, especially in the newly developed areas.
despite availability and affordability, cities are wracked by outagesthanks to the penurious state of sebs.
mass transport system is either yet to be or, like in mumbai, crumbling.
mind you, already 400 million of the 1,250 million live in urban india, and every decade over 90 million are added to the urban populace and would touch 500 million by 2022 when india overtakes china in size of population.
over 65 million people, roughly the population of france, live in slums and shanties in indias urban landscapein mumbai 7.
5 million persons, the population of hong kong, live in slums.
urbanisation, it is widely acknowledged, is a force multiplier.
in 2000, china had 58 cities with a million plus population, by 2016, depending on which database or source one consults, the country had over 100 cities with million plus population.
in comparison, india has 55.
in 2015, hangzhou became the 10th city in china with a trillion yuan gdp (approx $145 bn).
shanghai tops the list with a gdp of $375 billionindeed, over 35 cities in china boast of a per capita income of $10,000-plus.
fact is, urbanisation enables opportunities that propel efficiency and competition and widen labour markets.
this contributes to growth.
it provides a basis for low-skill, low-wage farm labour to acquire skills, better incomes and shift orbit.
creation of new habitats also drives investment, job creation, consumption and, importantly, improvement in health and education when new facilities are spawned.
the immediate imperative before the government when it released the 2014 manifesto was to create jobs.
it promised to end 10 years of jobless growth by promoting investment in labour-intensive manufacturing, in tourism and in entrepreneurship.
projects for new cities would have enabled this.
nearly 50 per cent of the workforce of 450 million is dependent on agriculture, and jobs in construction and infrastructure are natural bridges moving low productivity farm labour to higher productivity jobs.
growth in construction also has the widest impact across 200 sectors.
it will also enable affordable housing that modi government has been struggling to push.
of course, the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) is essential.
sure, the states have been catalysed to assess the state of local governanceand 100 odd cities have been ranked across states.
the question is, whether the blend incrementalism can deliver amidst the inadequacy of capacity and funds?
more pertinently, why shelve the idea of new cities?
the argument is not why smart citiesthe question is why the either or stance.
it is true that land availability is an issue, but that is where imagination comes into play, in leveraging existing resources.
non-functional sezs are sitting on over 27,029.
77 hectares of land, that is roughly 270 sq kman area larger than kolkata.
defence establishments hold over 17.
54 lakh acres, roughly 7,000 sq km.
must cantonments continue to be in the middle of cities so many years after 1857?
can the rotting estates of ordnance factories be reconfigured to create smaller, smarter new cities?
how about mapping the governments land bank?
mercifully, land availability did not thwart creation of amaravati in andhra pradesh.
why not look at the land pooling model tried in andhra pradesh and elsewhere?
india has 3,800 census townsthat peculiar indian creation which symbolises unplanned ugly urbanisation.
how about connecting contiguous towns and creating an urban constellation?
yes, it will require resources.
the way out is for government to create an infrastructure grid and get private investment to pay their way and play their role.
the bjp has propounded the need to create new cities for decades.
indeed, bjps 2012 vision 2025: transforming india document.
it stated upfront: indias urbanisation cannot be accomplished with the stock of existing cities, and listed the need to, create 100 new cities among bjps 20 big ideas to develop india as an imperative.
in 2017, the bjp, and its allies, is in power in 14 states.
it has two more years before the general elections in 2019 to make good the 2104 promise, at least kickstart the idea of new cities.
it doesnt have to be 100 cities10 new cities will create both momentum and demonstration effect.
shankkar.
new delhi: ddca today blamed some former delhi players of throwing muck on it by telling the high court that they had benefitted from the cricketing body but had an insatiable appetite for more and wanted to accommodate their wards or candidates of their academies.
without naming these ex-cricketers, the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) said as an instrument of blackmail, several complaints have been filed at their behest since they could not get their own wards accommodated in the delhi team.
it's a pity that much of the muck thrown at ddca is the handiwork of few of its ex-players alone who ironically were the ones who benefitted and got emboldened from the ddca the most, but regretfully had the insatiable appetite for more and more and wanted the rules to be bent to accommodate their own wards by pushing the talented ones to the back, ddca told a bench of justices s ravindra bhat and deepa sharma.
ddca's submissions came in the backdrop of different factions blaming each other for the mess in the cricket body which has led to the filing of several defamation cases, including one filed by finance minister arunjaitley , who was a former ddca president, against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and other aap leaders.
former cricketer chetan chauhan also filed a defamation case against kejriwal and bjp mp kirti azad while some others dragged bishan singh bedi and surinder khanna to the courts.
while responding to the recommendations on its functioning made by justice (retd) mukul mudgal, who was appointed as ddca's observer, the ddca said they have accepted most of them.
it said some recommendations on promotion of cricket and selection of players, covering ddca constitution, selection process, renewal of affiliation of its affiliated clubs, grants given to affiliated clubs, selection committee came as a surprise as justice mudgal had not given a hearing to the executive board of directors or sports working committee.
the very foundation on which the (mudgal) report was based was without talking to anyone.
it is very difficult to ascertain as to how these findings were given (in the recommendations), senior advocate aman lekhi, who appeared for ddca, told the court.
meanwhile, eight directors of ddca, including its vice president chetan chauhan and treasurer ravinder manchanda, who had sought to intervene in the matter, have supported the recommendations and sought their immediate implementation.
the bench, which is hearing ddca's 2010 plea for an occupancy certificate from south delhi municipal corporation (sdmc) to hold matches at the stadium, would hear further arguments in the matter on september 27.
advocate nitin mishra, representing justice mudgal, had earlier told the bench that the retired judge does not wish to continue as observer of ddca as he has other commitments.
he had said if the court requests, then justice mudgal would continue in the position.
the delhi high court had constituted justice mudgal committee in the backdrop of alleged irregularities in the functioning of the ddca.
in its submissions, the ddca claimed that after the popularity of the game soured, some ex-cricketers had started their cricket academies and relentlessly lobbied and pushed to accommodate their own wards and players who were representing such academies.
ddca said much of its problems arose out of the multiple administrative structure of governance in delhi.
it also claimed that the task assigned to justice mudgal was specifically to supervise the matches but he went on to make recommendations on selection process which was definitely beyond the scope, extent and jurisdiction of the committee.
that being so, the procedural infirmity thus potentially vitiates the report of the committee so far as the areas and issues covering selection process, affiliation of clubs, appointment and remuneration of coaches, constitution of sports working committee, selection committee etc in particular are concerned, it said.
on july 11, justice mudgal had submitted a report pointing out various deficiencies in ddca and observed that the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) being the parent body has to ensure that the delhi cricketing body was transparent in its functioning.
it had also given several recommendations, including scrutiny by bcci of the current state of affairs in ddca and strengthening of its accounts wing.
the report had pointed to deficiencies in tendering, accounts and finance, administration, promotion of cricket and selection of players, ticketing and accreditation and suggested various measures to bring down these shortcomings.
jaitley was speaking after inaugurating the new campus of the national academy of customs, indirect taxes and narcotics (nacin), which will train officers of central board of excise and customs, and officers of vat department in the new gst regime.
the new indirect tax is a product of federal india.
therefore, the coordination between taxation authorities of states and the centre will be important.
it is therefore extremely important that tax training academies such as (nacin) will have a vital role to play, he saidthe minister said, the amalgamation of various indirect taxes under gst is itself a monumental taxation change, which requires personnel to upgrade their skills and knowledge, as it evolves while adm-inistering.
he added that the elimination of interaction between the authority and tax payers will minimise harassment.
by iansnew delhi: former finance minister p. chidambaram on wednesday raised questions about what caused the change in the declared goals of the goods and services tax (gst) regime, why it was being changed.
until yesterday a single standard rate of gst was a stupid idea.
since yesterday, it is the declared goal of the government!
until yesterday capping gst at 18 per cent was impracticable.
since yesterday, the congress party's original demand of an 18 per cent cap is the declared goal of the government!
until yesterday a single standard rate of gst was a stupid idea.
since yesterday, it is the declared goal of the government!
p. chidambaram (@pchidambaram_in) december 26, 2018until yesterday, the chief economic adviser's rnr report to fix the standard rate at 15 per cent was in the dustbin.
yesterday it was retrieved and placed on the fm's table and was promptly accepted!
the senior congress leader said in a series of tweets.
the former union minister's tweets came barely two days after finance minister arunjaitley on monday hinted that the country might eventually have a single standard rate of gst, adding that the 28 per cent slab would soon be phased out, except on luxury and sin goods.
in a facebook post he also noted that the standard rate could be between 12 and 18 per cent.
jaitley's gst blog came a fortnight after electoral verdicts in three hindi heartland states -- chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan -- did not go the bharatiya janata party's way, and months ahead of the 2019 general elections.
vadodara: two large bank unions today demanded immediate intervention of finance minister arunjaitley in ending the acute cash shortage in the system following the demonetisation of high-value notes last month.
in a letter written to arunjaitley , all-india bank employees association and has said that rri should take immediate steps to supply adequate cash to all banks and daily announce the details of the notes it supplies.
you (jaitley) are very well aware of the problems being faced by the bank staff and customers after november 8 (when demonetisation was announced).
even after so many days we find that problem of acute cash shortage persists due to lack of lower denomination notes and non-functional atms, the letter said.
they said the rs 100 notes being supplied now by the rbi are soiled so badly that customers are not accepting them.
while the rbi is repeatedly making public statements that adequate cash is being supplied to banks, the reality is otherwise.
people feel that rbi is supplying cash but banks are deliberately not extending the payments, the letter said.
in this background, it is highly imperative that the rbi is asked to publicly announce the details of currency note supplied to various currency chests/banks on a daily basis so that the allegations that some private banks are being favoured with more currency notes and public sector banks are discriminated can be answered properly.
seeking protection for banking staff, the letter said there have been instances where angry citizens have locked up the bank branches from outside to protest lack of cash.
the situation is becoming unbearable and officers and employees are reaching.
.
.
on the brink of losing their patience due to sheer fatigue, the letter said.
the unions said there are allegations that rbi is supplying more notes to some private banks at the cost of public sector lenders.
we wish this information is wrong, they added.
chandigarh: punjab congress president captain amarinder singh on friday raised the issue of the economic plight of the debt-ridden farmers of punjab at a meeting with prime minister narendra modi.
captain amarinder, who was part of the congress delegation led by partys national vice president rahul gandhi, said farmers, burdened with loans, were committing suicide in punjab and other parts of the country.
amarinder said the problems of the farmers were being compounded by the manner in which agricultural issues, including minimum support price, were being handled by the food corporation of india (fci).
he said the congress had sought the prime ministers support to alleviate the debt and other woes of the farmers.
the prime minister, he said, assured to look into the matter.
amarinder said he had spoken at the meeting about the farmers plight in punjab while other leaders from uttar pradesh had highlighted the situation in their state.
amarinder said the demonetisation had aggravated the problems of the farmers.
in punjab, where farmers are totally dependent on cooperative banks for their cash requirements, he said.
in punjab, 7,000 of the 12,700 villages had no bank branches or atms, he pointed out, asking the modi government how the farmers could be expected to survive in such a situation.
reacting to union finance minister arunjaitley claim that the post-demonetisation situation in the country would stabilise in another two to three weeks, amarinder said he did not see the situation improving even in the next one year.
amarinder said the gravity of the situation in punjab could be gauged from the fact that 33 lakh farmers had signed the debt waiver forms under his partys `karza kudki khatam, fasal di poori rakam campaign, which had evoked massive response from the farming community, including farm labourers.
amarinder made it clear that even if the modi government failed to extend any support, he was committed to waiving off the loans of the farmers in the state.
neither the farmers nor the arhtiyas would have to pay a single penny out of their pockets to settle the outstanding loans, he promised.
he said, given the huge savings earned by the central government in oil subsidy, waiver of loans of the farmers should not be a problem.
the bjp government at the centre had waived off loans of industrialists to the tune of rs 110,000 crores, he pointed out, adding that the same could be done for the poor farmers, for whom it was a matter of life and death.
by ptinew delhi: dismissing a news report of price escalation in the rafale deal, finance minister arunjaitley friday said it was based on fudged arithmetic.
in a series of tweets, the minister said the supreme court has examined the prices and the cag is examining the same.
the new article on rafale is based on fudged arithmetic - ignore the escalation of the 2007 non-deal offer and compare it with the 2016 price and invent a scam, he said.
also read: modi government again rejects allegations of wrongdoings in rafale deal, says wait for cag reportthe fudged arithmetic of a compulsive contrarian can hardly be objective.
fudged arithmetics does not add to the credibility of its creator, he said.
jaitley's comments came after a report in 'the hindu' claimed that prime minister narendra modi's decision to buy 36 aircraft instead of the 126 asked for by the indian air force pushed the price of each jet up by 41.
42 per cent.
the minister said the 2007 escalation offer was much larger than 2016 agreed escalation for the rafale jet deal.
the price differential would widen with each subsequent supply, he added.
chennai: after a season of pulling out from the indian stock markets, foreign portfolio investors (fpis) are back to investing big time in india.
thus far in february, fpis have pumped in close to rs 9,500 crore into indian capital markets.
this is a remarkable development considering the fact that fpis had pulled out as much as rs 77,000 crore between october 2016 and january 2017.
in january alone, foreign investors had withdrawn around rs 5,100 crore.
the last time fpis had registered a positive inflow was in september 2016, at about rs 20,000 crore.
during february 1-17, foreign depositors infused rs 3,002 crore in equities and another rs 6,559 crore in the debt segment, translating into a total inflow of rs 9,561 crore.
on friday, the demand from foreign investors for the hdfc bank scrip was so high that it crossed the 74 per cent threshold for fpi investment, forcing the reserve bank of india to put restrictions on further stock purchase by these investors.
the banking regulator monitors the ceilings on foreign investments  foreign institutional investors, non-resident indians, persons of indian origin, foreign direct investment and global depository receipts  in indian companies on a daily basis.
for effective monitoring, it has fixed the cut-off point two percentage points below the actual ceiling.
once the net purchases reach the cut-off point, the central bank steps in to say the purchase of any more equity shares of the respective company cant be done without its approval.
the new-found enthusiasm among foreign investors follows the central governments clarification on taxation on capital gains tax as well as indirect transfers, say experts.
finance minister arunjaitley had in his budget speech proposed that category i and ii fpis would be exempt from taxation on indirect transfers.
category i means low-risk fpis, which include the government and entities such as foreign central banks, sovereign wealth funds, multilateral organizations, etc.
category ii are moderate-risk fpis, which would include regulated entities such as banks, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds, investment trusts, asset management companies, university-related endowments (already registered with the securities and exchange board of india), etc.
new delhi: with mounting demands from farmers for loan waiver, finance minister arunjaitley on monday said states will have to find funds for it from their own resources -- virtually ruling out any funding from the centre.
i have already made the position.
states which want to go for these kind of schemes, will have to generate them from their own resources.
the finance minister was speaking after the morning session with heads of public sector banks to discuss their festering bad loans situation.
on sunday, maharashtra announced writing off the loans of small and marginal farmers in the face of a 10-day strike by agriculturists demanding among other things loan waiver.
similarly, facing an agitation madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan had promised to look into the demand for waiving agricultural loans.
soon after bjp's stunning electoral victory in uttar pradesh earlier this year, the yogi adityanath government had announced writing off farm loans to the tune of over rs 30,000 crore.
by express news servicenew delhi: after a heated debate in the parliament, congress president rahul gandhi on wednesday challenged prime minister narendra modi for a one-on-one debate over the rafale fighter jet deal while accusing the pm of having indulged in corruption.
i would like to debate with the pm one-on-one on rafale or any other aircraft.
just give me 20 minutes with him.
then you decide what is what.
but the pm does not have the guts to sit in front of you (media).
i come and face questions, rahul said at a press conference in the evening.
he was responding to the union finance minister arunjaitley allegations during an earlier debate in the lok sabha that the congress chief did not know anything about combat aircraft.
the pm primarily changed the deal unilaterally.
narendra modi cant hide, though he can run from a parliament debate, rahul said, adding that he was not against the jets but the purchase, in which corruption took place.
rafale is a good aircraft, we are not questioning it, he said.
posing several questions for the pm, rahul asked how the price per aircraft escalated over 300 times as compared to the earlier negotiations by the upa government.
he also asked approved it even as the indian air force objected to a price hike and why was businessman anil ambani, who is under rs 45,000 cr debt, was chosen over hal for the offset contracts when the private company had never made an aircraft.
the congress chief cited jaitleys statement in the lok sabha to point out how the minister himself revealed the price per aircraft.
jaitley asked how congress gets figure of rs 1,670 crore per aircraft.
this was mentioned by him when he said total deal was for rs 58,000 cr deal.
when you divide this figure by 36 you get this number, rahul said.
why not more aircraft when the air force needed them, he said at the conference.
reiterating his demand for a jpc probe, rahul said he supreme court never said no corruption had taken place.
the sc said it doesnt have jurisdiction to investigate the deal, he added.
no use slinging mud on sonia, rahul: senawhile claiming that the mudslinging between the congress and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) over the agustawestland case is a deliberate attempt to divert peoples attention from the real issues, the shiv sena on wednesday said that the nation is unlikely to benefit from it.
attempts to fix sonia and rahul gandhi in the agustawestland case wont mean that people would forget rafale and other issues like inflation, demonetization, farmers suicides, ram mandir, the sena said in an editorial in its party mouthpiece saamna.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan saturday accused india of politicising the deliberations for its narrow and partisan objectives at the fatf meeting in florida where the global terror financing watchdog decided to keep islamabad on its 'grey' list for failing to curb funnelling of funds to terror groups.
the paris-based financial action task force (fatf), which concluded its week-long meeting in florida in the us, also asked pakistan to take credible, verifiable, irreversible and sustainable measures to address global concerns related to terrorism and terrorist financing emanating from the territory under its control.
in june last year, the fatf placed pakistan on the grey list of countries whose domestic laws are considered weak to tackle the challenges of money laundering and terrorism financing.
we regard the statement issued by india regarding the fatf report as preposterous and unwarranted, pakistan foreign office said in a statement.
if anything, this is yet another evidence of india's relentless efforts to politicise the deliberations of fatf for its narrow, partisan objectives, it said.
the foreign office statement came after some media reports claimed that india pushed to put pakistan on the blacklist during the plenary session in orlando.
also read | pakistan must implement fatf anti-terror action plan within time frame: indiawe hope the broader fatf membership would take cognisance of this continuing malicious campaign and reject any attempt aimed at politicization of the fatf process by india, the statement said.
india on saturday said it expected pakistan to take all necessary steps to effectively implement the fatf action plan fully by september and take credible, verifiable, and irreversible measures to address global concerns related to terrorism and terrorist financing emanating from its soil.
we expect pakistan to take all necessary steps to effectively implement the fatf action plan fully within the remaining time frame i.
e.
by september 2019 in accordance with its political commitment to the fatf and take credible, verifiable, irreversible and sustainable measures to address global concerns related to terrorism and terrorist financing emanating from any territory under its control, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
also read | fatf decides to keep pakistan in 'grey' listin a statement issued at the conclusion of the meeting, the fatf expressed concern that not only did pakistan fail to complete its action plan items with january deadlines, it also failed to complete its action plan items due may 2019.
the fatf strongly urges pakistan to swiftly complete its action plan when the last set of action plan items are set to expire, it said.
otherwise, the fatf will decide the next step at that time for insufficient progress, the international financial body said leaving a strong warning to pakistan.
reacting to the fatf's warning, pakistan on friday said it was committed to taking measures needed to implement the action plan agreed with the fatf to come out of the greylist.
pakistan managed to garner the support of turkey, china and malaysia to avoid being placed on the fatf blacklist at the meeting, a media report said on friday.
the fatf currently has 36 members with voting powers and two regional organisations, representing most of the major financial centres in all parts of the globe.
pakistan requires at least 15 out of 36 votes to move out of the fatf 'gray' list, which is causing an estimated loss of usd 10 billion per year to the country.
by ptinew delhi: taxpayers who could not submit transitional credit form tran-1 on the gstn portal due to technical glitches now has time till april 30 to complete the process, the finance ministry said today.
however, these taxpayers would not be permitted to amend the amount of transitional credit they had claimed while filing the form.
stating that a large number of taxpayers could not complete the process of filing tran-1 as they could not digitally authenticate it due to it related glitches, the ministry said, adding that gstn shall identify such taxpayers on the basis of electronic audit trail.
it has been decided that all such taxpayers, who tried but were not able to complete tran-1 procedure (original or revised) of filing them on or before december 27, 2017, due to it-glitch shall be provided the facility to complete tran-1 filing, it said in a circular.
if needed, gstn may request field formations of the centre and states to collect additional document and data etc or verify the same to identify taxpayers, who should be allowed this procedure, it added.
the taxpayers shall complete the process of filing of tran-1 stuck due to it glitches by april 30 and the process of completing filing of gstr 3b which could not be filed for such tran-1 shall be completed by may 31, 2018, the ministry said.
form tran-1 declaration was required to be filed by persons registered under the gst law who wish to claim credit for taxes paid under pre-gst regime.
the functionality to fill the claim form was open on the gstn portal between august-december 2017.
the gst council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, had on march 10 decided to set up an it grievance redressal mechanism to address the grievances of taxpayers in the wake of technical glitches on the gst portal.
however, where the problem relates to individual taxpayer, due to localised issues such as non-availability of internet connectivity or failure of power supply, this mechanism shall not be available, the circular said.
it further said that any issue which needs to be addressed through this mechanism shall be identified by the gst network and the method of resolution would be approved by the gst implementation committee (gic) which shall act as the it grievance redressal committee.
it further said that the gstn, central and state governments would appoint nodal officers in requisite number to address the problem a taxpayer faces due to glitches on the tax payment portal.
taxpayers who want to seek grievance redressal will have to make an application to the field officers or the nodal officers along with evidences to establish bonafide attempt on the part of the taxpayer to comply with the due process of law.
these applications shall be collated by the nodal officer and forwarded to gstn who would on receipt of application examine the same.
gstn shall after verifying its electronic records and the applications received, identify the issue involved where a large section of tax payers are affected.
gstn shall forward the same to the it grievance redressal committee with suggested solutions for resolution of the problem, the circular added.
it is necessary that the growth process does not suffer due to the cleaning up of the banking system from the collectively committed sins during 2008-14 when the regulatory mechanisms also overlooked high debt accumulation, he said.
this will have to be done in a manner in which you restore the health of the banks, you restore the discipline as far as the banking system is concerned and at the same time, we don't end up throttling growth by throttling credit and liquidity in the market.
he also added that we will be looking for the wrong solutions to a problem where easier solutions are available in the process.
read: arunjaitley tells critics gst had only transient impact on growththe remarks come ahead of the rbi meet on monday, where the government, through its nominees, is likely to press for growth-supporting measures including creation of a special liquidity window for the troubled non-bank lending sector, liberalising of the prompt corrective action that restricts normal lending and easier credit supply for small businesses.
the rbi has made clear its reluctance to yield to these demands.
the government has also initiated consultations under the never-used section 7 of the rbi act through which it can direct policy moves to be undertaken by the rbi in public interest.
deputy governor viral acharya had made a strong pitch for preserving the central bank's autonomy in a speech last month, warning that the failure to do leads to wrath of the markets.
he reiterated that much of the troubles faced by the banking system, which is saddled with non performing assets (npas) of over rs 10 lakh crore, are owed to the collectively committed sin of unquestioned lending between 2008-14.
he alleged that all checking mechanisms, including regulatory mechanisms were not working during this phase.
npas of the banks stood at rs 2.
also read: government to tweak rbi act to access surplus funds?
with 2014 as the cut-off line, we got into an an age of prudent banking.
we have to restore the health of the banks, he said.
the fm said an increase in non-oil tax to gdp ratio can help contain oil prices by reducing taxes and duties on fuels.
he added that in the last four years, there has been one percentage point increase in this ratio, due to measures such as expansion of tax base.
he also requested media not to go hysterical every time there is oil price hike, stating that not doing the price correction as per the international market realities can lead to both fiscal deficit and current account deficit widening and a rise in inflation.
jaitley also quipped that the volatility in the oil market makes him go to astrologers rather than oil analysts or sector watchers to predict future prices.
the economy is well anchored for maintaining the present level of growth, he said.
the challenges before the economy include oil prices, hardening of yields in the us, domestic concerns on the banking system clean-up, political stability and quality of discourse on economic issues, he said.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley wednesday appealed to opposition parties to introspect their statement on blatant politicisation of the sacrifices of the armed forces, saying it is being used by pakistan to bolster their case, drawing a sharp retort from the congress that it is the ruling party leadership who require real introspection.
jaitley hit out at the opposition, saying why it is alleging that the government is politicising the anti-terror operation when the whole nation is speaking in one voice.
my appeal to india's opposition - 'let the country speak in one voice'.
please introspect - 'your ill-advised statement is being used by pakistan to bolster its case'.
the cross border terror attack in pulwama was a reality.
the balakot operation was india's anti-terror preemptive strike to defend its sovereignty, he said in a series of tweets.
also read: time for modi government to introspect: cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury on border standoffcountering arunjaitley , congress chief spokesperson randeep singh surjewala tweeted, mr. arunjaitley , it's bjp & its leadership who require real introspection.
entire opposition stood as one backing the armed forces & the govt.
still, amit shah & entire bjp resorted to credit-seeking for the sacrifice of our martyrs & indulged in blaming the congress provocatively.
the 21 opposition parties after their meeting earlier in the day issued a joint statement expressing deep anguish over what they alleged was blatant politicisation of the sacrifices of armed forces.
they urged the government to take the nation into confidence on all measures to protect india's sovereignty, unity and integrity.
the statement said, national security must transcend narrow political considerations.
the leaders observed that the prime minister has, regrettably, not convened an all-party meeting as per established practice in our democracy.
bengaluru: the state government has extended the deadline for regularisation of houses built on government land in rural areas and small towns (other than municipal corporations).
earlier, december 20 was the last date to apply for regularisation of the properties by paying regularisation fee in rural areas and small towns.
now, the deadline has been extended by a month owing to huge demand as a large segment of the population has not submitted the applications for regularisation, revenue minister kagodu thimmappa said here on friday.
houses on sites up to the dimension of 50x80 ft in rural areas and 30x40 ft in small towns built on government land can be regularised under the scheme, popularly known as akrama-sakrama.
so far, about 20 lakh applications have been received and more people are expected to apply in the coming days, thimmappa said.
to a question on the demand to reduce the regularisation fee, the minister said the government is considering it and is likely to reduce it by about 50 per cent.
plea for drought relief aidthimmappa, who, along with agriculture minister krishna byre gowda recently met union finance minister arunjaitley and home minister rajnath singh, said that he had demanded central aid of over `5,000 crore to take up drought and flood relief works in various parts of the state.
he assured that the state will initiate drought relief works without waiting for central aid.
new delhi: what was simmering within the congress came out in the open on monday with senior party leader veerappa moily complaining on the floor of the house that the government ignored lok sabha stalwarts during the gst negotiations, drawing a response from prime minister narendra modi later in the day.
moily sounded rather upset: this house is taken as junior partner.
we always feel rajya sabha is more important.
thats why you (finance minister arun jaitley) discuss everything with the rajya sabha.
further highlighting the governments overtures to the upper house, where it depended on the opposition to muster the two-thirds majority required to pass the 122nd constitutional amendment bill, moily pointed out that a rajya sabha select committee was set up to look into the provisions of the gst bill, ignoring demands for a joint select committee made by the lok sabha members.
it seems, [the government thinks] there are no brains here.
all the brains are in the rajya sabha, moily interjected, adding that when we had demanded a joint select committee, you bulldozed it.
if you had listened, things (gst) would have been sorted out much earlier for you.
moily further said that democracy is not just about majority, but also about evolving consensus.
in the lok sabha, the role of the opposition is limited, given the overwhelming majority the bjp/nda has therein.
in the otherwise we-all-support-gst atmosphere, though not counting the aiadmk which staged a walkout opposing the uniform taxation regime, moilys comment was jarring enough to merit a response from the prime minister.
when i held talks, i had called soniaji and manmohan singhji as they represented the two houses of parliament  the lok sabha and rajya sabha, modi said.
it was all in a lighter vein.
his theme song was that the gst bill is a team india bill.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on saturday widened wriggle space for the government by hinting that not all of the rs 15.
44 lakh crore worth of currency junked will be remonetised through issuance of new notes.
this gap, he pointed out, will be filled by digital currency.
calling the scrapping of old 500 and 1,000 rupee notes as a courageous step, he said the government could do it as india today has the capacity to take such decisions and experiment boldly.
the move will create a new indian normal as the one that existed for the past seven decades is unacceptable, he said, adding that demonetisation will help rid the economy of high cash circulation that had led to tax evasion, blackmoney and currency being used for crime.
one of the efforts of this exercise has to be that even though a reduced cash currency could remain, our conscious effort.
.
.
(is) to supplement the rest with a digital currency, he said while addressing annual general meeting of industry chamber ficci.
the whole process of remonetisation is not going to take very long time and im sure very soon the reserve bank by injecting currency daily into the banking and postal system will be able to complete that, he added.
also, the push to use the digital mode to make payments has been gaining ground.
the manner it has taken place in the last five weeks is indeed commendable.
only a section of parliament seems unaware of what is happening, he said.
once the remonetisation process is complete, it will mark the creation of a new indian normal because the normal that existed for 70 years is an unacceptable normal, he added.
the 70-year normal had become a way of life for almost every indian.
it was not merely a fact that you had a lot more cash currency, far larger cash currency as part of your gdp.
.
.
the economic and social consequences of that are extremely adverse.
jailtey also added that dealing in that cash had led to a lot of aberrations in terms of tax non-compliance.
new delhi: the congress leaders on wednesday sought to turn heat on finance minister arunjaitley for having said in the house that the lokpal bill is with the departmental standing committee.
the congress mp k c venugopal pressed the lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan for her decision on privilege notice against jaitley.
the speaker, however, told the congress leaders that she would get back to them even while the opposition leaders sought to persist for an early ruling.
the finance minister was in the lok sabha when the congress leaders, including leader of the party mallikarjuna kharge sought to corner the finance minister.
union minister for parliamentary affairs ananth kumar, while intervening, remarked that the congress leaders are well aware about the procedures on privilege notices.
venugopal was heard telling the speaker that while jaitely claimed that the lokpal bill is with the standing committee when the fact of the matter is that it has already been passed by the parliament and signed by the president.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will tomorrow present the current nda government's fifth and arguably his toughest budget yet as he seeks to address agriculture distress, create jobs and boost growth while at the same time stick to fiscal prudence.
the budget, in view of upcoming assembly polls in eight states - including three major states ruled by the bjp - and general elections next year, may see new rural schemes and stepping up of funding towards existing programmes like mnrega, rural housing, irrigation projects and crop insurance.
with the recent elections in gujarat indicating erosion of bjp's rural vote base, arunjaitley may also unveil incentives for the farm sector.
small businesses, which have traditionally formed the core support base of the bjp, too may get some sops to ease pain caused to them due to the chaotic rollout of the goods and services tax (gst) and demonetisation.
there is also an expectation that common man may get some relief in income tax by way of a raise in the exemption limit.
also on jaitley's menu may be upping spending on infrastructure projects like highways and modernisation of railways to boost economic growth that is at a four-year low.
but he has to do all this while sticking to the roadmap of narrowing one of asia's largest budget deficits, as failing which, india may fall on the wrong side of global investors and credit rating agencies which had late last year handed out a rare sovereign upgrade.
the target arunjaitley had previously set out was to lower the fiscal deficit to 3.
2 per cent of the gdp in the current fiscal and to 3 per cent in 2018-19, the budget for which he would present in the lok sabha tomorrow.
prime minister narendra modi seemed to have already lowered expectations of mass voter swaying announcements when he indicated that the budget may not be resort to populism and that it was a myth that common man wants sop.
this will be india's first post-gst and is being keenly watched to see what arunjaitley does to boost growth in asia's third-largest economy.
there are talks that tax break on capital gains from stock investments may go and it remains to be seen if arunjaitley will finally show some movement on his 2015 promise to lower corporate tax rate to 25 per cent from 30 per cent over four years.
he has to manoeuvre all this within the limited scope of tinkering with tax rates given that central excise duty, which was levied on goods manufactured in the country, and service tax have both been subsumed in the gst and he no longer has the sole power to fix rates on them.
also constraining him would be the rise in global oil prices, which can stoke inflation as well as widen current account deficit.
some kind of incentives to boost exports of certain sectors may be announced while there may be announcements for start-ups as well as for promoting entrepreneurship.
there have been mixed signals on deficit target, with chief economic adviser arvind subramanian earlier this week stating that a pause in the fiscal consolidation plan can't be ruled out while niti aayog vice-chairman rajiv kumar saying the government is likely to stick to the target.
in the first eight months of 2017-18, fiscal deficit reached 112 per cent of the target, stoking fears of a fiscal slippage.
the shortfall was largely due to reduced dividends from government companies, which the government looks to bridge through stake sale in state-owned firms like hpcl.
scrapping the colonial-era tradition of presenting the budget at the end of february, arunjaitley had for the first time presented the annual accounts on february 1 last year.
the budget presentation was advanced by a month to ensure that proposals take effect from april 1, the beginning of the new financial year.
also, the nearly century-old tradition of having a separate budget for the railways was scrapped and merged with the general budget.
the union budget 2018-19 would be the last full budget of the bjp-led nda government before the 2019 general elections.
as per the practice, a vote-on-account or approval for essential government spending for a limited period is taken in the election year and a full-fledged budget presented by the new government.
while p chidambaram had presented the previous upa government's vote-on-account in february 2014, arunjaitley had presented a full budget in july that year.
the budget for 2018-19 will be the first budget post implementation of the gst regime.
even though independent india's biggest tax reform of gst was implemented from july 1, the budget for 2017-18 (aprilmarch), had followed the practice of tax revenue projections under the heads of customs duty, central excise and service tax alongside direct tax numbers.
with excise duty and service tax being subsumed in the gst, the classifications in the forthcoming budget may undergo change.
while a new classification for revenues to be accrued from gst will be included in the budget for the next fiscal, for the current year two sets of accounting may be presented  one for actual accruals during april-june for excise, customs and service tax, and the other for july-march period for gst and customs duty.
new delhi: amid rising anger among people across india over exchanging the scrapped currency, finance minister arunjaitley today regretted hardships caused due to withdrawal of high denomination notes but advised the public to be patient as the move will have larger benefits for the economy in long term.
he said it may take up to 3 weeks for all the 2 lakh cash vending atms to operate normally as each one has to be calibrated individually to dispense new sized notes of rs 2000and rs 500 besides lower denomination currency of rs 100.
assuring that rbi and banks have stacked up enough currency to replace the rs 14 lakh crore worth of rs 1000/500 notes that have been declared invalid, he said the government is constantly monitoring the situation as it is a massive operation.
as banks have been asked to remain open this weekend to cope with the rush, the finance ministry held a video- conference call with top rbi officials to assess the emerging situation and coordinate currency distribution across the country.
at a hurriedly called press conference, arunjaitley urged people not to flock the banks to exchange the now-defunct banknotes, asking them to stagger it over the 50-day window provided by the government for the purpose.
the briefing, second in three days, was called after anger and chaos over never-ending queues were witnessed at banks that struggled to exchange old notes and give out newerrs 2000 notes and smaller denomination currency.
hardly 40 per cent of the atms were operating in the country and they too ran out of cash within hours.
the new rs 500 note was available only in delhi and mumbai and rbi has already started releasing soiled rs 100 notes to cope with the demand.
atms could not have been calibrated (before the announcement) because of secrecy issue.
thousands of people are involved in recalibration exercise (and) secrecy could not have been maintained.
recalibration takes at least 2-3 weeks, he said.
terming demonetisation as a massive operation, he said there will be inconvenience in the first few days but the long-term advantages of this are to the overall economy.
it is a regret that people are being inconvenienced.
because a replacement of this magnitude will cause inconvenience as you have to go to the bank, you have to stand in a queue, he said.
in the short run, he said, some obvious disruption will be caused in the short term.
but once the money is available both in the system and more so in the banking system, the advantages of that to the economy and businesses will be far more.
the capacity of the banks with all this additional capital to lend and support businesses is going to be far higher.
and therefore medium term and long term advantages to the economy as against this temporary inconvenience or disruption, are far too many, he said.
by aninew delhi: remembering late former tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa, outgoing aiadmk mp v maitreyan on wednesday broke down during his farewell speech in rajya sabha.
at this juncture i place on record deep sense of gratitude towards my beloved leader, amma (jayalalithaa) for having immense faith in me & sending me to this house for 3 terms.
she gave me the honour of being the only member from aiadmk to have been given membership to rajya sabha for three terms.
my unalloyed loyalty to her will always be there, maitreyan said in fumbled voice.
the aiadmk mp also thanked prime minister narendra modi and former finance minister and rajya sabha mp arun jaitley.
#watch outgoing aiadmk mp v maitreyan breaks down while giving farewell speech in rajya sabha; says, at this juncture i place on record deep sense of gratitude towards my beloved leader, amma (jayalalithaa) for having immense faith in me & sending me to this house for 3 terms, pic.
twitter.com/flfpqrqen4  ani (@ani) july 24, 2019i would like to express my thanks to one person who has guided me throughout in this house and considered me as his brother shri aruj jaitely.
i wish he has a speedy recovery from his illness and guide others also in future, he said.
i cannot forget my longtime friend and prime minister narendra modi whom i know since 90s and i had been a loyal emissary between him and madam.
i sincerely thank him for personal affection for me, maitreyan said.
new delhi: in order to promote card payments, the central government today slashed levies on point of sale (pos) machines that are being increasingly used by merchants in the wake of currency crunch post demonetisation of high value currency, thus making them cheaper by about 16.
5 per cent.
pos machines will be exempted from 12.
5 per cent excise duty and 4 per cent sad (special additional duty) till march 31, 2017, said a source, adding that the cost of such devices would come down by 16.
5 per cent.
a notification to this effect was tabled by finance minister arunjaitley in the lok sabha today amid uproar over the demonetisation issue.
the notification exempts central excise/cv duty on all goods for manufacture of pos devices subject to actual user condition, and these exemptions will be valid till march 31, 2017.
about 90 per cent of such machines are imported, source said, adding that as imports of such items are zero per cent and hence basic customs duty (bcd) and countervailing duty (cvd) are also zero per cent.
there has been spurt in demand for pos machines on account of cash crunch following the scrapping of high value currency notes of rs 500/1,000 by the government with effect from mid-night of november 8.
the pos machines are handheld devices which are being increasingly used by merchants to accept payments for goods sold through credit and debit cards.
by ptinew delhi: stock brokers today expressed disappointment over the introduction of long-term capital gains tax, saying the markets may react negatively in the short-term.
however, some brokers said the move will be healthy for the overall economy.
the other key takeaway for me was the introduction of the 10 per cent long-term capital gains tax.
in the longer term, i think taxing capital gains is healthy for the overall economy.
needless to say, there will be a knee-jerk reaction to this in the market, but my guess is that this would be short-term in nature, said nithin kamath, founder and ceo, zerodha.
the government today introduced long-term capital gains (ltcg) tax of 10 per cent on stock market gains exceeding rs 1 lakh, sending the market tumbling.
rationalisation of ltcg as expected has arrived, though negative on sentiments but robust equity returns will absorb this 10 per cent if corporate earnings growth happen as expected, said kamlesh rao, md and ceo, kotak securities.
.
.
.
introduction of ltcg may disappoint equity markets to some extent.
the much anticipated introduction of ltcg is now back with a new avatar.
as we know in tax legislation, this could only get worse over a period of time with every successive budget diluting the original commitment of taxing long term gains, said milind kothari, managing partner, bdo india.
the budget has proposed a long-term capital gain tax on profits over rs 1 lakh from equity transactions made post 31st january, 2018 at 10 percent of total gains.
however, any profit made till 31st january, 2018 is exempted from ltcg.
this move was expected.
introduction of ltcg will lead to the sensex falling at least in short term, said monish panda, founder, monish panda and associates.
securities markets expert and former sebi executive director sandeep parkeh said withdrawal of full ltcg exemption will have a big negative impact for investors.
by express news servicecentral thinktank niti aayog this week has asked both the central and state governments to examine and identify key areas where artificial intelligence (ai) may be used to resolve long standing problems in health, education and agriculture.
i write to request you to identify key projects where ai can be developed to solve problems affecting the health sector that you wish to drive forward, niti aayog ceo amitabh kant said in a letter to the states and central ministries.
niti aayog had identified five sectors  healthcare, agriculture, education, smart cities and infrastructure and smartmobility and transportation  for more focused government involvement to promote adoption of ai.
according to niti aayog, ai has the potential to add up to $15.
7 trillion to the global gdp by 2030, making it the biggest commercial opportunity.
as for india, the think tank believes that an incremental $957 billion could be added to the gdp by 2035 by adopting ai, boosting indias annual growth by 1.
3 percentage points by 2035.
niti aayog has a team that works on the ai programme and i would like to extend all help in providing necessary support, connecting to the concerned stakeholders.
.
.
, kant wrote.
in june 2018, niti aayog had released the national strategy for artificial intelligence which is aimed at positioning india as a trailblazer for emerging economies.
finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech for 2018-19 had granted niti aayog the responsibility to develop the national programme for ai, aimed at leveraging ai for inclusive economic growth and social development.
the government today said it is examining the possibility of further consolidation in the public sector banking space without waiting for their finances to improve.
merger of five associate banks and bhartiya mahila bank with the country's largest lender sbi took place in april.
internally there was a thinking after the sbi amalgamation took place to wait for the rest till the health of the banks improve.
we have now relooked at the whole system and there are some institutions within the public sector banks which can be consolidated even in the present circumstances.
even reserve bank governor urjit patel in april had said the indian banking system could be better off if some public sector banks are consolidated to have fewer but healthier entities, as it would help in dealing with the problem of stressed assets.
toxic loans of public sector banks rose by over rs 1 lakh crore to rs 6.
06 lakh crore during april-december of 2016-17, the bulk of which came from power, steel, road infra and textile sectors.
currently, there are 21 psu banks in the country, including state bank of india.
according to experts, punjab and sind bank can be merged into punjab national bank, while other big lenders like bank of baroda can take over some turnaround banks in the southern region such as indian overseas bank.
similarly, dena bank could be merged with some large banks like south indian bank.
referring to the complications, he said, can you without segregating that (real estate), sell just the banking system which in the present state is not in the best of health.
that process got slowed down a little.
jaitley in 2015 had hinted at a change in idbi bank wherein the government would continue to hold a majority stake, yet keep it at arm's length.
citing the example of axis bank, he had wondered if idbi bank could follow that model.
but since then, there has not been much progress on the plans due to one reason or another.
idbi bank has a large portfolio of real estate, which was not taken into consideration during the valuation exercise.
in the year ended march 31, 2017, idbi bank posted a net loss of rs 5,158 crore as against net loss rs 3,665 crore in fiscal 2016.
the bank's gross npas almost doubled to 21.
25 per cent of the gross advances in the fourth quarter of the last fiscal compared to 10.
98 per cent in the corresponding period of the previous financial year.
the net npas were 13.
21 per cent against 6.
78 per cent.
bhubaneswar: the state government today once again raised the issue of deficient financial infrastructure including bank branches, bank correspondents and low internet penetration in rural areas at the chief ministers committee meeting on digital payments.
participating in the discussion over video conference from the state secretariat, chief secretary aditya padhi the immediate requirement of the state is internet connectivity both in terms of area and speed for shifting to digital payment system.
banking infrastructure and internet connectivity in the state more particularly in rural areas should be improved substantially from the present level for effective implementation of digital payment system, padhi said.
while suggesting for reduction in transaction cost charged by the banks, padhi asked for developing inter-portability across digital payment systems.
he said that buddy (mobile wallet app of sbi) shouldbe compatible and portable to paytm.
finance secretary t k pandey said that card swapping machines failed to operate in many area of the state including cities like bhubaneswar due to poor internet speed.
about 60 percent of the rural banking sub-service areas do not have adequate internet connectivity for supporting 3900 micro atms and mobile pos (point of sale) machines.
the failure rate of ussd transaction on feature phones in rural areas has been reported to the tune of 60-75 percent, he added.
stating that banking presence in remote areas is quite insufficient, pandey strongly pleaded for immediate improvement of telecom and mobile connectivity.
the meeting was chaired by andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, convener of the chief ministers' panel, in new delhi.
as many as 4,400 out of 6,665 gram panchayats do not have bank branch so far.
about 1.
65 crore people constituting 47 per cent of the rural population of the state do not have proper access to banking facilities.
chief minister naveen patnaik has recently written to union finance minister arunjaitley seeking mobile banking services or temporary counters in un-banked gram panchayats in the state.
apart from naidu and patnaik, chief ministers of madhya pradesh, sikkim, puducherry and maharashtra are members of the committee.
the last meeting was held on december 9.
new delhi: union finance minister arunjaitley will not be attending the saarc finance ministers conference scheduled to take place in pakistan.
as per government sources, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das will represent india at the two-day event to be hosted in islamabad from august 25-26.
earlier, media reports from pakistan claimed that the country had decided to give a warm welcome to arunjaitley amid speculation that he was likely to visit islamabad for the conference.
the conference is taking place weeks after the saarc home ministers' conference that was held last month.
union home minister rajnath singh had taken part in the conference where he called for tough action against terrorism and countries supporting it, saying terrorists should not be glorified as martyrs.
pakistan blocked news media organizations from covering rajnath singhs speech which received bipartisan condemnation in parliament.
i did not see whether my speech was covered live or not.
the media personnel from dd, ani and pti reporters who had come from india were not allowed to enter, singh had said in parliament.
meanwhile, the pakistan finance ministry officials have said that almost all regional countries except bangladesh have confirmed their participation in the conference.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley moved a number of amendments to the finance bill for consideration and passage in the lok sabha on tuesday, which included making aadhar mandatory for bank accounts, pan cards and filing of income tax returns.
the moves appear to be aimed to further plug the loopholes in tracking the circulation of unaccounted money and black money through banking and stock and mutual fund investment routes.
the amendment in section 139 aa of the finance bill sates that every person who is eligible to obtain aadhar number shall, on or after the 1st day of july, 2017 quote the aadhar number in the application form for allotment of permanent account number (pan) and in the return of income.
it also clarified that those who do not yet have the aadhar number could quote the enrolment id of the aadhar application form for applying for pan and filing of the income tax return.
furthermore, the amendment to the finance bill also states that those who have already been allotted pan should intimate his aadhar number to such authority in form and manner as may be prescribed by the central government in the official gazette.
it also adds that in the case of failure to provide the aadhar number the pan number would be deemed to be invalid.
the finance bill is a money bill and therefore only the mps in the lok sabha can vote during its passage.
finance minister is likely to reply on wednesday when the bill would be taken into consideration for the passage.
referring to the frequent security breaches by pakistan and its sponsored terrorists along the border, he said, due to indias geographical location, our country cannot be free from trouble.
we have a neighbour who has posed a security threat for the past seven decades.
helicopters manoeuvring at challakerein chitradurga district on sunday |jithendra mjaitley was speaking after inaugurating the aeronautical test range (atr) developed by defence research development organisation (drdo) near challakere in chitradurga district on sunday.
stressing on the need for creating homegrown facilities for defence purposes, he said that with facilities like the atr, india can aspire to become a world leader in defence technology.
earlier, a huge chunk of the defence budget would go towards procurement of defence equipment from foreign countries.
but now the approach has changed.
the nda government is in favour of creating optimal facilities within the country, he pointed out.
in the long run, we need to establish facilities to manufacture defence resources within the country.
with time, we will be able to these create facilities for defence and other technologies, he said.
acknowledging karnatakas role, particularly bengaluru, in marking its presence on the global scene in the it sector, he said research in technology should not just be confined to the it sector.
aeronautical test rangethe atr, built at a cost of rs 1,300 crore in varavoo kaval near challakere in chitradurga district, will have technical infrastructure on 4,090 acres and transit and residential facilities on 200 acres.
the facility will house multiple agencies.
defence research and development organisation (drdo) has developed the atr, whch has been partially operating since december 2010.
the project faced several hurdles as local farmers had protested against land acquisition for the project.
in 2013, work was halted by the national green tribunal between august 21 and september 3 after the karnataka state pollution control board (kspcb) withheld the consent for establishment (cfe) application.
later, it gave consent and work resumed.
by express news servicethe credit enhancement fund proposed by finance minister arunjaitley in the last budget may be operational by the end of this fiscal.
the fund will help raise credit rating of bonds floated by infrastructure companies and facilitate investments from long-term investors.
we had a meeting on thursday with rbi and credit rating agencies.
we hope to launch this fund within this financial year.
mechanics are being worked out, kumar v pratap, joint secretary (infrastructure policy and finance) in the finance ministry said, speaking at an event organised by india infrastructure finance company here on friday.
the fund will be anchored by iifcl.
to ease the flow of institutional credit to infrastructure projects, what the government has been thinking in this regard is credit enhancement.
iifcl is playing a lead role in that proposed institution, he added.
raising the credit rating of these companies would help easier access to institutional financing, he said.
iifcl deputy md sanjeev kaushik said rbi has agreed to most of the suggestions and the final guidelines on credit enhancement fund should come out soon.
patna: a special one-day session of bihar state legislature will be held today to ratify the constitution amendment bill on goods and services tax, gst.
it is reported that bihar is the first non-bjp ruled state to convene session to gives its consent to gst bill.
the constitution (122nd amendment) bill for the rollout of the gst was passed by the lok sabha on august 8 with 443 members present in the house voting in favour of the legislation.
union finance minister arunjaitley had on last week announced that the deadline for the rollout of the bill was april 1, 2017.
as per constitutional provision before enacting the law of gst, the bill has to be passed by at least 50 percent of the state assemblies.
the gst bill is aimed at bringing uniform tax regime in the country by subsuming state levies.
under it, a single rate of gst will replace various taxes to ensure seamless transfer of goods and services.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi will travel to switzerland on january 22 on a two-day visit during which he will deliver the keynote address at the plenary session of the world economic forum (wef) in davos.
this will be the first participation by an indian prime minister in the wef in over two decades.
in 1997, the then prime minister h d deve gowda had attended the davos summit.
announcing the prime ministerial visit today, the external affairs ministry, in a statement, said the prime minister will also have a bilateral meeting with alain berset, the president of the swiss confederation on january 22.
the theme for this year's wef is 'creating a shared future in a fractured world'.
prime minister will deliver the keynote speech at the plenary session of the world economic forum (wef) in davos- klosters, switzerland, on january 23, 2018, the ministry said.
the plenary session will be moderated by prof.
klaus schwab, the founder and executive chairman, wef.
to be attended by over 3,000 global leaders, including ceos, heads of state and government, artists and civil society members, the davos annual meeting of wef will conclude on january 26.
the wef, which describes itself as an international organisation for public-private cooperation and was established in 1971 as a not-for-profit foundation, hosts its annual meeting in davos every year in january.
in a statement last month announcing its co-chairs for the 2018 meeting, the wef had said that over 3,000 leaders, representing 100 countries, will gather in a collaborative effort to shape the global, regional and industry agendas, with a commitment to improve the state of the world.
desi cuisine and yoga will mark the start of the five-day annual jamboree of the rich and powerful from across the world in the snow-laden swiss ski resort town of davos.
this is the first time india will host the welcome reception at the summit.
the indian presence is set to be the largest-ever with as many as six union ministers, two chief ministers, several top government officials and over 100 ceos, figuring among the registered participants.
the official sessions at the wef will also have special india-focused discussions including one on india's role in the world, how it is rethinking economics with the use of big data in policymaking and the country's role in securing peace and stability in the asian century.
the registered participants from india, include finance minister arunjaitley , railways minister piyush goyal, commerce minister suresh prabhu, oil minister dharmendra pradhan, minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and minister of state (independent charge) for development of north eastern region of india jitendra singh.
others expected to be present at the elite global gathering are pakistan prime minister shahid khaqan abbasi along with a number of his cabinet colleagues, as well as pakistan people's party chairman bilawal bhutto zardari.
china is also expected to have a significant presence and its belt road initiative will feature as a key theme in a number of panel discussions, including those attended by pakistani leaders.
finance minister arunjaitley fourth budget turned out to be a damper for kerala as it failed to meet the high expectations of the state.
apart from the big misses like aiims and railway coach factory,the budget turned a blind eye towards the concerns of the rubber sector, nris and ailing psus.
pramod thomas takes a look at the impact the budget will have on the key sectors.
budget gives em no rubber solutionrubber farmers in the state are now a relieved lot as the prices have bounced back after a long gap.
but, they attribute this phenomenon to divine intervention rather than the efforts of the central government, which, they claim, have abandoned them completely.
and, the union budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley bears testimony to this fact.
apart from allotting rs 142.
60 crore to the rubber board, the woes of the beleaguered rubber farmers found no mention in the 2017-18 budget.
the long-pending demands of growers include agriculture status for rubber farming and issuance of subsidy amount to the farmers, which has been pending for four years now.
this apart, the stakeholders in the sector have also sought steps to boost rubber exports.
it is highly unfortunate that the budget failed to address the concerns of the rubber sector.
we had faced similar situations in the previous years too.
so, we kept our hopes low.
but, it seems the growers in kerala had the blessings of god.
heavy rain in major rubber-producing countries has resulted in price rise overseas.
this has forced companies to source latex domestically, fetching good price for the growers here, said tomy abraham, president, indian rubber dealers federation.
tomy abrahams argument can be substantiated with the budget allotment to the rubber board, which is entitled to promote the sector in the country.
this years provision to the board is the lowest in three years.
in monetary terms, the allocation in 2017-18 is around rs 60 crore less than the fund allotted in 2015-16.
despite the raw deal meted out to them in the budget, rubber growers in the state manage to stay afloat, thanks to high prices abroad.
currently, the growers in the country are getting rs 159 for per kg of rubber, the highest price in three years.
the nr price, which increased by 69 per cent in one year, is expected to touch rs 200 per kg before april.
the average global price now is rs 189 per kg.
even as there is no budgetary support, the industry hopes that the price will touch rs 200 per kg before april.
the growers have been asking for an increase in import duty to stop imports, but to no effect, said cochin rubber merchants association president g p goyal.
challenges aheadthe total rubber production in 2015-2016 was 5.
63 lakh tonnes and in 2016-17, it is expected to touch 6.
54 lakh tonnes.
the estimated output in 2017-18 is 7.
5 lakh tonnes.
increased production and global changes may have an impact on the prices.
unfortunately, the budget failed to address these issues in the rubber sector with a long-term perspective.
psus get no special undertakingthe union budget presented by finance minister arunjaitley has fallen short of expectations on many counts as far as the state is concerned.
even as the total fund allocation increased by rs 2,000 crore this year, the budget is a big letdown for the state as it was looking towards the centre with a handful of demands.
the budget offered precious little by way of allocation to major public sector undertakings (psu) located in the state.
also, there is no major announcement regarding the cooperative banking sector which has a total deposit of rs 1.
27 lakh crore in the state.
the policy of the central government is to support only the maharatna and navaratna companies, leaving the rest of the firms to die.
this is evident from the budget as no special packages were announced to rescue the ailing psu companies, said m p sukumaran nair, chairman, public sector restructuring and internal audit board of kerala.
diaspora unhappyremittance by the diaspora has always played a significant role in the countrys economy.
but, the nris feel despite pumping in thousands of crores of rupees into the country each year, the union budget failed to address their concerns or announce any welfare scheme for them.
of the 2.
6 crore indians overseas, non-resident keralites (nrks) account to 25 lakh - 9.
6 per cent of the total indian disapora.
in 2015, expatriates remitted $69 billion (around rs 4.
69 lakh crore) to india, of which around rs 1 lakh crore was received by kerala.
but, the world bank report suggests that india may receive a remittance of $65.
5 billion in 2016, a drop by 5 per cent.
it clearly indicates a crisis situation, which will push many nris, including those from kerala, into an uncertain future.
unfortunately, the budget has failed to provide any relief to the community, on which a lot of dreams back home are shouldered.
the nris do not have much to cheer about except the removal of prior sanction for fdis.
the much-awaited health insurance scheme for the returning nris did not find a place in the budget, says dr azad moopen, founder chairman, aster dm.
according to k v shamsudheen, chairman, pravasi bandhu welfare trust, the budget failed to address the needs of the nri community.
there was no mention in the budget about nris, though they had remitted around us$70 billion in 2015 to the country.
the nris had raised various demands, including using of the skill sets of gulf returnees for the skill india project as trainers; age relaxation for gulf returnees, who come to india after losing jobs, to apply for jobs; permitting nris to invest in agricultural land, reducing tax on interest from nro account on par with resident accounts, says shamsudheen.
nothing to rev up automobile sectorbarring the general statements, the budget has not announced any booster that is specific to the automobile industry.
the budget fell short of our expectations as those in the auto retail business were anticipating a slew of measures, including higher depreciation on vehicles and incentives for scrapping old vehicles.
we were also expecting a reduction in the charges for payments received through credit card, which would have gone a long way in promoting cashless transaction, said federation of automobile dealers associations president john k paul.
he expected suggestions on raising the depreciation rate and incentives for scrapping old vehicles before the lok sabha passes the finance bill.
though there is nothing much for the automobile sector in the budget, we expect the government to adopt pro-business policies on a continual basis that would benefit the industry, said renault india country ceo sumit sawhney.
a major announcement the automotive sector expected in the budget was on gst roll-out, and how different categories of vehicles will be taxed.
another area that deserved attention is the vehicle scrappage policy.
however, synergistic investments in rail, road and water transportation will ease supply-chain operations and benefit the automobile industry, thereby bringing down logistics costs, he said.
according to volvo auto india managing director tom von, the budget proposals to incentivise and promote infrastructure augurs well for the auto sector and the whole economy.
the focus on rural economy is encouraging.
while it was anticipated that there wont be any major change in indirect taxes in view of the impending gst implementation, measures to promote green technology would have given customers more options while choosing environment-friendly vehicles, he said.
by online desknew delhi: the last full-fledged budget of the narendra modi-led nda government has concluded.
in pictures | union budget 2018however, the middle-class, which hoped for a reduction in income tax ahead of an election year, were left disappointed.
the personal income tax rates remain unchanged.
by ptinew delhi: the prime minister's office has said it holds no information related to the deaths in the aftermath of demonetisation, announced by prime minister narendra modi on november 8, 2016.
the central public information officer of the pmo made the claim before the central information commission which was hearing the case of an rti applicant who was not provided with the information within the mandated period of 30 days after filing of his application.
this was reportedly first such government admission of deaths related to demonetisation.
prime minister narendra modi had announced on november 8, 2016 that rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes, which constituted about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation, will cease to be legal tender.
they were replaced by new rs 2,000 and rs 500 notes.
several restrictions were also placed on the withdrawal of currency notes from bank.
there were reports from across the country about the deaths of people linked to the demonetisation move.
one neeraj sharma had filed an rti application with the pmo seeking to know the total number of deaths in the aftermath of demonetisation and a list of the deceased.
as there was no response from the pmo within the stipulated 30 days, sharma approached the cic seeking imposition of penalty against the officer.
during the hearing, the cpio of the pmo tendered an unconditional apology for the delay in responding to the application and requested the commission to condone it.
he further stated that the information sought by sharma does not fall within the definition of 'information' as per section 2(f) of the rti act.
hence, no information could have been provided to him.
the commission, after hearing the submissions of both the parties and perusing the records, observes that the complainant's rti application dated 28.
10.
2017 was received by the respondent authority on the same day.
however, a reply thereof was provided to him by the cpio vide letter dated 07.
02.
2018.
hence, there was a delay of about two months on the part of the respondent in furnishing a reply to the complainant, information commissioner sudhir bhargava said.
he, however, did not impose any penalty in the absence of any mala fide intention.
nonetheless, the commission would like to counsel the cpio, prime minister's office, new delhi, to be more careful in future so that such lapses do not recur, and information is provided to the information seeker within the stipulated time, he said.
in a separate case on the same issue, bhargava termed the question as hypothetical.
new delhi: talking tough in the wake of the attack on army camp in nagrota, india today made it clear that talks with pakistan cannot take place in an atmosphere of continued terror, which it will never accept as new normal in the bilateral relationship.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup also said the government is awaiting detailed information on the specifics of the nagrota attack before it decides on the next steps.
but i do wish to emphasise that the government takes this incident very seriously and will do what it feels is required for our national security, he asserted.
asked if there would be bilateral talks on the sidelines of the heart of asia (hoa) conference in amritsar on december 3 and 4, he said, we have not received any request from pakistan for a bilateral meeting.
india has always been open to talks but obviously it cannot be that talks take place in an atmosphere of continued terrorism.
india will never accept continued terrorism as the new normal in the bilateral relationship, swarup said.
india's sharp remarks come two days ahead of the conference where pakistan will be represented by sartaj aziz, foreign affairs advisor to prime minister nawaz sharif.
earlier, pakistani media reports had quoted officials as having said there would not be a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the hoa meet on afghanistan.
prime minister narendra modi and afghan president ashraf ghani will jointly inaugurate the ministerial deliberations on sunday where the indian delegation will be led by finance minister arunjaitley in the absence of external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who is ill.
hitting out at pakistan, swarup said pakistan is a country which has a long record of carrying out cross-border terrorism which it regards as an instrument of state policy and which puts islamabad at odds with the rest of the international community.
on the criticism that the attacks increased after the surgical strikes, he said, it was our assessment at that point of time that there was an imminent threat based on hard intelligence about the location of armed terrorists who were ready to infiltrate from across the loc and carry out terrorist activities on our side.
this imminent threat was successfully neutralised through the surgical strikes.
we should not look only at what happened but also at what did not happen, what was prevented through successful neutralisation of terrorists.
on the appointment of pakistan's new army chief, he said it is an internal matter of pakistan.
india will judge pakistan by its behaviour and its track record and not by change of persons, he added.
on pakistan suggesting a joint probe in uri strike, which india maintains was carried out by pakistan-based terrorists, swarup said this has happened in past also and instead of acting on the evidence provided by india, islamabad engages in pure propaganda ploys.
pakistan called for an international inquiry, we said we are happy even with their domestic inquiry.
when we are giving you fingerprints, dna of the terrorists who we believe came from pakistan why pakistan cannot match this with its national database?
that would be the simplest thing to do, but pakistan refuses to do that and instead engages in these pure propaganda ploys, the spokesperson said, adding if islamabad was serious about tracking down those behind the uri attack, it should first bring to book those responsible for 26/11 terror strikes in mumbai.
besides, it should also share with india the investigation details in the pathankot air base attack for which a joint investigation team from pakistan visited the country, he said.
over the years, india has suffered many heinous terrorist attacks which have been supported and sponsored by pakistan and this has been a calculated strategy on its part for many years.
he referred to terror attacks on indian parliament, the kaluchak massacre, 2005 delhi bombings, strike on the crpf camp in rampur in 2008, 26/11 mumbai attack, besides the assaults on pathankot air base and the army camp in uri.
these (attacks) are all reminders of the continuing complicity of pakistan in sponsoring cross-border terrorism of which nagrota is the latest example.
so, it is evident that it is not a matter of a week or a month.
it is infact a challenge that we have faced over many years, indeed over many decades, the mea spokesperson said.
he also rejected pakistan's allegation that india scuttled this year's saarc summit, saying its members wrote unanimously to the chair that atmosphere was not conducive for holding the meet.
new delhi: an rss-affiliated labour union today accused the centre of adopting a callous and neglecting attitude in fulfilling its promises and said it will go all out against it's anti-labour actions and take strongest action including going on a strike.
bharatiya mazdoor sangh (bms) declared a one-day national strike on september 2, but decided to hold it till the outcome of their meeting with finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday.
bms general secretary virjesh upadhyay told pti that the decision was taken at its 136th national executive meeting of sangh, that concluded today at bhopal, and passed a resolution condemning the callous approach of the nda government.
the bms has been invited by the finance minister for a discussion on their pending issues on tuesday, where labour minister and other officials will be present besides bms president and general secretary.
bms strongly condemns the callous delay and neglecting attitude of the central government in not fulfilling the signed promises it has made on the charter of demands raised by the joint forum of central trade unions.
the signed promises were given by both labour minister and labour secretary in august last year as a sequence to the decisions taken by the five-ministerial group headed by union finance minister arunjaitley formed by the prime minister.
the government has disrespected the tripartite tradition followed in the country before any labour-related decisions are taken.
the government, by disappointing 50 crore workers in the country, stands today in a sorry state in front of them, said a bms resolution adopted at its national executive meeting.
it further said it is most unfortunate that in spite of passing of more than 11 months, the government has not cared to make any attempt to implement them where as every time anti-worker decisions are coming up so fast in the name of economic and labour reforms.
it appears that, the government is succumbing to the pressures of employers by not implementing the proposed wages for contract labour, it said.
the bms said the epfo is repeatedly being attempted to be privatised against the interests of the workers and its autonomous character is being eroded gradually.
it is very strange that promises made by the prime minister that the spirit of tripartism will be upheld, and by ministers that the demands of workers will be met, proposed wages of rs 10,000 for the contract workers will be implemented, social security will be assured to unorganized sector are being flouted without any regard, the resolution further said.
new delhi: within three weeks of the budget announcement, the finance ministry on monday began the process of listing three rail public sector undertakings (psus)  irctc, irfc and ircon.
the government currently holds 100 per cent stake in these three companies.
the government is considering divesting a portion of the paid-up equity share capital through an ipo and has sought expression of interest (eoi) from merchant bankers by march 16.
the department of investment and public asset management (dipam) is scouting for merchant bankers to manage the initial public offering (ipo) of the three psus, which are under the administrative control of the rail ministry.
the government has undertaken strategic sale of stake in profitable psus to help boost state revenue and bridge the fiscal deficit, but has repeatedly fallen short of its disinvestment targets in the past.
its target of `72,500 crore for the next fiscal is even more ambitious, which it will hope to meet with the proposed listing of these three psus.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will meet heads of psu banks tomorrow to discuss the issue of non-performing assets (npas) and the steps being taken by them to expedite the recovery of bad loans which have crossed rs 6 lakh crore.
besides, the minister will review the financial performance of all the public sector banks (psbs) at the meeting, the first between arunjaitley and them in the current fiscal.
the meeting also assumes significance as it will be the first after last month's promulgation of the ordinance amending the banking regulation act, 1949.
the government had through this ordinance empowered the reserve bank to ask banks to initiate insolvency proceedings to recover bad loans and promised more measures to resolve the npa crisis.
apart from the financial performance review, the meeting will take stock of the status of stressed assets and various measures taken to clean up the balance sheets of banks so that they can start lending.
major issues on the agenda of the meeting, the first during this fiscal, include issues and solutions relating to non performing assets (npas) of the public sector banks (psbs), status of mse credit, stand-up india and mudra yojana among others, the finance ministry said in a statement.
other issues on agenda include discussion on financial inclusion and literacy, review of performance of social security schemes including pradhan mantri jeevan jyoti bima yojana (pmjjby), pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojana (pmsby) and atal pension yojana (apy) etc, it said.
the day-long meeting will also cover areas like cyber security, digitalisation of the banking transactions, rural development, agriculture credit and education loans.
role and preparedness of banks in the implementation of goods and services tax (gst) is also likely to be discussed in the one day meeting of psbs, it said.
gst is going to be rolled-out from july 1.
as for the recovery of bad loans, the rbi has also made substantial changes in the related norms and warned banks of monetary penalty for missing npa resolution timelines.
jaitley had said the ordinance empowered the reserve bank to issue directions to any banking company or banking companies to initiate insolvency resolution process in respect of a default under the provisions of the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc), 2016.
toxic loans of psbs rose by over rs 1 lakh crore to rs 6.
06 lakh crore during april-december 2016-17.
gross npas of psbs nearly doubled to rs 5.
02 lakh crore at the end of march 2016, from rs 2.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today ruled out privatisation of public sector banks as a response to the rs 11,400-crore fraud hitting punjab national bank, saying the move may not be politically acceptable.
speaking at the economic times' global business summit, he said a lot of people have started talking of privatisation in the aftermath of the pnb fraud.
this (privatisation) involves a large political consensus.
also, that involves an amendment to the law (banking regulation act).
my impression is that indian political opinion may not find favour with this idea itself.
it's a very challenging decision, he said.
on friday, ficci president rashesh shah said that he met the finance minister and asked him to begin the process of bank privatisation in a phased manner, leaving just 2-3 lenders in the public sector.
the call for privatisation gathered currency after diamond jeweller nirav modi allegedly colluded with some officials of pnb to fraudulently obtain guarantees so as to avail of loans from indian banks overseas.
industry body assocham has also urged the government to reduce its stake in public sector banks to less than 50 per cent so that they can work with the sense of accountability and with the interest of stakeholders and depositors on priority.
some industrialists too have supported bank privatisation.
adi godrej of godrej group said the move would be good for the country as there are 'less or no' frauds at private banks.
bajaj group head rahul bajaj too pitched for bank privatisation.
by ptinew delhi: the union cabinet tuesday increased the dearness allowance (da) by 3 per cent effective from january 1, 2019, to compensate for price rise, a move which will benefit 1.
1 crore central government employees and pensioners.
the decision in this regard was taken at the union cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
the hike will benefit about 48.
41 lakh central government employees and 62.
03 lakh pensioners.
this increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the seventh central pay commission.
jaitley further said the combined impact on the exchequer on account of both da and dr would be rs 9,168.
12 crore per annum and rs 10,696.
14 crore in 2019-20 (for a period of 14 months from january 2019 to february 2020).
while gst was rolled out on july 1, real estate as well as crude oil, jet fuel or atf, natural gas, diesel and petrol were kept out of its purview.
this meant that the products continued to attract duties like central excise and vat.
so far the mood of states (most of the states) is not in favour of including it (in gst) at the moment.
the five petroleum items have been kept out of gst as they are considered cash cows, giving both the centre and states bulk of their tax revenues.
but keeping them out has created compliance issues including taking input tax credit.
for example, a refinery producing diesel and petrol would pay gst on the procurement of plant, machinery and services but that tax would not be creditable against excise duty and vat levied on petrol and diesel.
jaitley said further rationalisation of the tax rates would continue as revenues go up and ultimately the 28 per cent tax slab would be restricted to demerit and luxury goods.
gst broadly has settled down.
almost in every meeting now, we are able to rationalise the tariffs and this process will continue.
it will continue with the structure tariffs being rationalised and the structure itself being rationalised as the collections go up, he said.
the minister said that gst currently is a voluntarily declared gst with one check and safeguard that is the input tax credit.
the taxpayers' base in indirect tax has widened.
i think slowly as the software system matures and the 2-3 anti-evasion measures that are possible are put in place, the compliance level in gst will automatically improve, he said.
jaitley said from voluntary declaration under the gst which are currently taking place, because of anti-evasion measure in place, the collection will improve.
an improved collection will help sticking to fiscal deficit target in coming years, he said.
the government has set a fiscal deficit target of 3.
3 per cent of gdp in 2018-19, down from 3.
5 per cent this fiscal.
new delhi: british secretary of state for international development priti patel called on prime minister narendra modi here on saturday and discussed cooperation in various areas, including skill development.
modi congratulated ms. patel on her appointment as secretary of state for international development in the new british government of prime minister theresa may, according to a statement issued by the prime minister's office.
uk-india strategic partnership discussed during meeting with prime minister modi pic.
twitter.com/viyxpaljio  priti patel (@patel4witham) august 13, 2016modi recalled his successful visit to britain in november last year, and appreciated the follow-up action taken on the outcomes of the visit.
patel briefed the prime minister on the activities and future plans of department for international development in india, the statement said.
patel also discussed bilateral cooperation in the spheres of skill development, infrastructure financing, innovation, energy, and ease of doing business, it added.
on friday, the first day of her latest visit to india, patel held meetings with finance minister arunjaitley and urban development minister venkaiah naidu.
she said that britain was deepening its economic partnership with india to deliver long-term progress.
with naidu, she discussed ways of how britain can share its skills and expertise to drive forward india's vision for new smart cities and boost opportunities for new businesses.
vijayawada: there may soon be an end to the suspense over what the centre will do on the state governments demand for special category status in the wake of the conclusion of discussions between prime minister narendra modi and union ministers arunjaitley , m venkaiah naidu and bjp president amit shah on wednesday.
according to sources, there is a possibility that chief minister chandrababu naidu may fly to delhi on thursday evening to discuss the broad contours of the solution arrived at on the demand for special status and the promises made in the ap state reorganisation act, 2014, with union ministers arunjaitley and venkaiah.
it is also possible that venkaiah might himself fly to hyderabad for a meeting with chandrababu naidu who is at present camping in anantapur overseeing the drought mitigation programme.
after discussion with the chief minister, the centre might make an announcement, a source in the cmo said.
the source said that the centre has more or less come to a decision on the demand for special category status and finer details are being worked out.
the big announcement would come before the prime minister goes abroad in a few days, the source said.
the meeting with modi is the culmination of discussions on the contentious issue by arunjaitley , venkaiah, sujana chowdary and amit shah on tuesday.
chowdary presented a wish list of the state at the instance of the chief minister to arunjaitley and sought not only special status but also action on several promises made in the bifurcation act.
cmo sources said both proposals -- special status and sanction of benefits but without the special status tag -- were discussed threadbare.
the bjp chief and venkaiah are understood to have brought to modis notice their ally, pawan kalyan, taking up cudgels against the bjp for the delay in sanction of scs and sought an end to procrastination.
new delhi: even while the parliament remained in a gridlock for eight days in a row, the government is expecting a breakthrough in the impasse soon, with prime minister narendra modi likely to attend the proceedings of the lok sabha on tuesday.
nda floor managers and a section of the opposition claimed that the key to unlock the parliamentary gridlock lies with the lok sabha, and a long speech of the congress vice president rahul gandhi through an intervention is on the card.
proceedings of both the houses of the parliament were marred with ruckus even while the union finance minister arunjaitley introduced the taxation laws (second amendment) bill, 2016 at 2 pm amidst pandemonium in the lok sabha, which seeks to tax the undisclosed amounts through pradhan mantri garib kalyan deposit scheme.
after repeated adjournments, both the houses were adjourned for the day.
the aakrosh diwas (protest day) is now over.
the opposition has got the measure of their street power on the issue of demonetization.
they want rahul gandhi to make a long speech in the lok sabha.
the prime minister will also make an intervention and thereby explain the reasons behind the decision on demonetization.
the deadlock in the parliament will last only a few days more, sources in the government said.
the congress and the trinamool congress leaders have also been learnt to have held parleys and discussed ways to climb down for the obstructionist position.
the government will not agree with debate on demonetization under rule 56 with adjournment and voting.
the bjd floor leader in the lok sabha bhartruhari mahatab has shown the way by suggesting that the debate could be held under the rule 184 with voting but without an adjournment.
mahatabs formula could be the possible way out, said a senior tmc leader.
union minister for home affairs rajnath singh assured the lok sabha that the prime minister would speak if the house takes up debate on demonetization.
singh was responding to the common demand of the congress, tmc and samajwadi party for debate under rule 56 along with the presence of the prime minister in the house.
the clear indication of resolution of the impasse came from the floor leader of the tmc in the lok sabha sudip bandyopadhyay, who argued that the parliament should resume normal functions, as what else the house is for.
however, the opposition members also stated that the onus on resolution of the impasse lied with the government.
meanwhile, there was a brief normalcy in both the houses when the lok sabha and rajya sabha condoled the death of the cuban leader fidel castro.
lader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad and mallikarjuna kharge in the lok sabha lamented that the demonetization has led to chaos and suffering and people are in deep anguish due to hardship.
both the houses witnessed the opposition mps in the well of the houses raising slogans against the demonetization and the prime minister.
speaking at et now awards, he said india aspires to become a developed economy from a developing economy and a 7- 7.
5 per cent gdp growth does not satisfy its requirements.
therefore spending more and now is the focus, he said adding infrastructure spending certainly needs a booster.
the finance minister said there is a long-term potential of more resources getting into the system and that is going to be the top priority.
therefore, the areas where we were lacking, whether in terms of encouraging investment of the private sector and so on, i think these are going to be the areas where budget should concentrate on, he said.
the government is likely to advance the date of budget presentation for 2017-18 to february 1 next year as against the usual date of february 28.
on the impact of demonetisation on the economy, arunjaitley admitted that altering this normal is extremely disruptive but in the long run you will have a higher gdp, a higher revenue and probably far cleaner economy and far cleaner public life.
he further said it was a courageous decision to withdraw 86 per cent of the paper currency, replace it and then say that replacement will now be substantially and significantly in digital.
.
.
has to change.
with this new normal that is being created, if we succeed in doing, india would be a happier place.
by express news servicenew delhi: the government has amended rules for permanent account number (pan) card that will allow children of single mothers, who dont want to disclose or associate with their fathers names, to apply for it by just giving their mothers name.
the rule, which came into effect on december 5, has come at the behest of the union women and child development ministry.
sometime back, a similar norm was passed for passports as well.
the external affairs ministry modified the application process to favour single parents and women.
the name of the father, the mother or the legal guardian was sufficient it said.
this has enabled single parents to apply for passports for their children.
the central board of direct taxes, under the income tax department, said the application forms would give an option to the applicant as to whether the mother is a single parent and the applicant wishes to furnish the name of the mother only.
currently, furnishing fathers name is mandatory for the allotment of pan.
the new rules have come into effect from december 5.
a senior government official said that following the notification, the tax department has addressed the concerns of those persons whose mother is a single parent and, hence, would want to get their mothers name printed on pan cards instead of the estranged or deceased father.
we are happy with finance minister arunjaitley for considering our request and amending the pan card application in income tax rules, 1962, tweeted women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi.
i can say it with pride that our government walks its talk when it raises the slogan of sashakt nari surakshit nari empowered woman, safe woman).
these are radical transformations that reaffirm the fact that a woman continues to be an equal part of society, she added.
earlier, we had also amended the passport & educational certificates rules so either mother or fathers name can be provided in application forms.
this is to further enhance sensitivity towards single mothers, gandhi also wrote.
new delhi: the kerala government has decided to accept demonetised rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes for payment of various taxes, finance minister thomas isaac said today.
the demonetised currency notes would be accepted for paying tax arrears too, the minister said, adding that the decision was taken after discussion with union finance minister arunjaitley during today's gst council meet.
various state taxes including vehicle tax, registration tax, electricity bills, water tax can be paid using the old currency notes till november 24 and the order regarding this will be issued tomorrow, isaac said.
the minister also said the people can use the demonetised notes to recharge season tickets of kerala state road transport corporation.
the state government has also demanded the centre allot a grant or a loan to compensate the losses suffered by the state due to demonetisation.
the union finance minister has agreed to consider our demand.
we had set aside enough to pay the next month's salary but if the centre does not cooperate, then it will affect the christmas celebrations, isaac said.
the state government has also decided to appoint a panel to study long-term and short-term impacts of the demonetisation move in the state.
the centre's decision to withdraw the banknotes have seriously affected the income of the state.
vat collection and vehicle registration have been badly hit, he added.
new delhi: in the backdrop of a five-fold jump in deaths due to derailments of trains in 2016-17, a study by niti aayog calls for union minister for railways suresh prabhu to put his house in order.
the think-tank panel has claimed that while human failure accounted for 87 per cent of mishaps, there has been a 60 per cent increase in number of accidents for which engineering directorate was responsible.
the think-tank panel has also noted that a and b category of high density rail routes, which connect new delhi to howrah, mumbai, kharagpur, vijaywada and ahmedabad account for 40 per cent of total derailments.
the study, a copy of which is available with express, and that analysed data from 2012-13 to 2016-17 also noted that non-railway users are responsible for the largest number (40 per cent) of rail accidents.
the study stressed that the accidents due to failure of railways staff have been on the rise, as they stood at 64 (2016-17) against 55 (2015-16), 60 (2014-15), 51 (2013-14), and 46 (2012-13).
failure of railway staff accounted for 61.
5 per cent of the total accidents in 2016-17, which along with non-railway staff stood at 82.
7 per cent.
the key take away from data is that initiatives that reduce potential of human errors such as automated inspection and asset monitoring techniques, replacement of over-aged assets (tracks, signalling) and upgradation of asset maintenance infrastructure needs priority emphasis, the findings of the study noted, while stressing that human failure contribution of railway staff has consistently increased over the last five years.
incidentally, prime minister narendra modi in an election speech in uttar pradesh this year had attributed terror links in derailments of trains.
while sabotage accounted for just two rail accidents in 2016-17, the study noted that 102 other mishaps were on account of failure of railway staff (64), failure of non-railway staff (22), failure of equipment (2) and all other factors (14).
the study has come down heavily on the engineering department, which accounted for 43.
6 per cent of all derailments in the last five years, which along with electrical and mechanical shared 60 per cent blame for all derailments.
with such disproportionate contribution to accidents and deterioration year on year record, there is clearly a strong case for ensuring highest priority to engineering works, the study argued, while adding that derailments may not be taking place only because of track defects but also due to deficiencies in rolling stock, wheels.
with the finance minister arunjaitley having earmarked rs one lakh crore for the rashtriya rail sanraksha kosh (rrsk) for five years, the niti aayog report is likely to lay the roadmap for prioritisation of works to be undertaken by the ministry of railways.
minimizing derailments and level crossing related accidents is the clear priority, which should be funded adequately.
for derailments, inter-departmental initiatives and those of civil engineering in particular need to be funded.
without the above priorities, achieving a perceptible improvement in railway safety may be unlikely, the report of the think-tank noted.
new delhi: no names were discussed as opposition leaders met to chalk out their presidential poll strategy today as the process started for the filing of nominations for the july 17 election.
after the meeting senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad said the the 10-member opposition panel would meet again to decide on a suitable presidential nominee.
the sub-group formed for this purpose met in the chambers of azad, who is the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha.
this is the first meeting of the sub-group since its formation a few days ago.
sources said the leaders would discuss names, but await a government initiative in this regard.
a three-member government panel comprising senior ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu is slated to meet congress president sonia gandhi on this issue tomorrow.
a united opposition, after several rounds of parleys between leaders of various parties, is hoping to zero in on a mutually acceptable presidential candidate with the ruling dispensation.
if that does not happen, it is expected to put up a united candidate against the official nda nominee.
kochi: the cooperative banking sector in kerala has plunged into a huge crisis following the reserve bank of india (rbi) circular on monday banning exchange of notes against the scrapped rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes at the district cooperative banks (dcb).
the central governments discrimination towards the cooperative banking sector would also end the states dream to float a kerala bank by merging the dcbs, according to some experts.
we have a banking licence from rbi since 1984.
if rbi suspects any wrong doing, they should inspect and take appropriate action.
blanket ban is discriminatory.
our board met the other day and decided to explore legal recourse if the situation continues, said radhakrishnan m k, general manager of ernakulam district cooperative bank, the largest dcb in the state with over rs 9,000 crore deposits from about 2 lakh account holders.
finance minister thomas isaac, in an fb post, said union finance minister arunjaitley has promised to look into keralas demand to treat the primary cooperative societies and dcbs on par with other banks with regard to accepting and withdrawing notes in the demonetisation regime.
in the circular rbi said dcbs are not allowed the exchange facility against the specified bank notes (rs 500 and rs 1,000), deposit of such notes should not be entertained by them.
however, the apex bank has permitted withdrawal of cash up to rs 24,000 per week.
according to state level bankers committee, kerala, the total deposit base of the cooperative banking sector as on march 2016 stands at rs 52813.
23 crore.
its a big crisis in the kerala cooperative banking sector.
dcbs have the rbis banking licence.
how can rbi treat dcbs in a discriminatory fashion?
asked kurien joy, president of the kerala state cooperative bank.
the state governments plan to merge the cooperative banks to form kerala bank is under serious threat as the proposed unified bank is mooted under the cooperative sector, said radhakrishnan.
when contacted, a finance ministry official, said an expert committee headed by m s sreeram of iim bangalore, will submit its report on kerala bank by december-end or january.
well decide on how to go about the kerala bank after studying the sreeram committee report.
ravichandran p r of thrissur dcb said rbi should give special status to the kerala cooperative banking sector.
unlike the dcbs of north indian or north eastern states, the kerala dcbs are very healthy.
rbi and the central government should have taken this into consideration before meting out discriminatory treatment, he said.
prime minister narendra modi today reviewed the preparations for the roll-out of the goods and services tax (gst) regime from july 1 and said it will be a turning point in the country's economy.
describing it as an unprecedented moment in the country's history, he said the creation of the one-nation, one-market and one-tax system would greatly benefit the common man.
he took stock of various elements involved in the roll- out and directed the officials that maximum attention be paid to cyber-security in it systems linked to the gst, the prime minister's office (pmo) said in a statement.
the gst, for whose roll-out a law was enacted last year, will overhaul the indirect tax regime in the country.
the meeting, which lasted for over two-and-a-half hours, was attended by finance minister arunjaitley , and top-most officials from the ministry of finance, the pmo and the cabinet secretary.
the prime minister said the implementation of gst from july 1 is the culmination of the concerted efforts of all stakeholders, including political parties, trade and industry bodies, the statement said.
he described the gst as a turning point for the economy, unprecedented in history, the pmo said.
during the course of the meeting, the prime minister specifically reviewed aspects of implementation such as it readiness, hr readiness, training and sensitisation of officers, query handling mechanism, and monitoring, the statement said.
he was informed that gst systems such as it infrastructure, training of officials, integration with banks, and enrolment of existing taxpayers will be in readiness well in time for the july 1 implementation date, it added.
information security systems were discussed in detail.
a twitter handle - @askgst_goi has been started for real-time answering of queries.
an all india toll-free phone 1800-1200-232 has also been activated for this purpose.
gandhinagar gujarat's new chief minister vijay rupani greets bjp president amit shah during his oath ceremony in gandhinagar on sunday | ptigandhinagar: newly appointed gujarat chief minister vijay rupani on sunday said the cabinet meeting would take place tomorrow to decide on the future course of the state government.
i have sworn in as the chief minister.
the cabinet meeting will take place tomorrow, after that we will decide on the programmes for the future, rupani told ani.
earlier today, rupani was sworn-in as the gujarat chief minister in a ceremony attended by the bharatiya janata party (bjp) top brass.
rupani, who yesterday resigned as the gujarat bjp president to take charge of the top post in the state, was administered the oath of office and secrecy by governor o.p. kohli.
nitin patel was sworn-in as rupani's deputy and 23 others, including bhupendra chudaai, ganpat vasava, babu bokharia, atmaram parmar, chiman sapariya, dilip thakor, jayesh radadia, took the oath for spots in the state cabinet.
this is the first instance in gujarat of a deputy chief minister in a bjp government.
union finance minister arunjaitley , bjp chief amit shah, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and his rajasthan counterpart vasundhara raje were among those who attended the ceremony held at the mahatma mandi here.
former gujarat chief minister anandiben patel also graced the event.
rupani, who represents rajkot west in gujarat assembly, yesterday staked claim to form the government.
thanking prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah for reposing faith in him, rupani earlier asserted that his team is fully committed to harnessing aspirations of the poor, marginalised, farmers and youngsters.
the bjp central leadership, which had come under sharp criticism post anandiben patels resignation, earlier made it clear that a state mla would be assigned the top job.
the government on monday said small traders and businesses with a turnover of up to rs 2 crore would pay less tax if they accept payments through banking and digital means.
there will be a significant tax benefit for small traders if you turn digital.
if we calculate, many traders will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for transactions in digital mode, he added.
whoever has old currency must go and deposit it in one go.
if somebody goes every day, it raises suspicion, he added.
new delhi: aimed at countering the shortage of pulses in the country, the government will release an early maturing arhar-dal variety in january for commercial cultivation that will help achieve self-sufficiency in pulses over the next three years.
aahar dal is used widely in the south for making sambhar and in east and north as yellow dal.
the reason being that it (pulses) is the main protein in our diet.
we are not only the largest producer but also the biggest consumer and importer.
so, there is shortage here, said jaitley.
earlier, he had visited the experimental plot of new arhar variety in the iari complex and addressed the national unity day organised by iari to mark birth anniversary of former home minister sardar patel.
the high price of pulses in india is due to its inability to meet the demand of 23-24 million tonne (mt), as production fell over the last two years and had government worried, as it struggled to tame food inflation.
the shortage was primarily due to the drought resulting in fall in output.
we will put this new arhar variety (pusa 16) for commercial use soon.
the new variety gets matured in four months instead of six-nine months in case of existing pulses variety.
it is a semi-dwarf variety suitable for combine harvesting.
its yield levels are in the range of 15-20 quintals per hectare, which is same as the existing varieties.
pulses output in india is estimated to increase to 20 mt in 2016-17 crop year (july-june) on account of good monsoon after two drought years.
but the production is still lower than domestic demand of 23-24 mt.
pulses production fell to 16.
47 mt in 2015-16 crop year from 17.
15 mt in the previous year.
he hoped that the new arhar variety will bring benefit to the whole country.
it has been the endaveour of our government in the last two years to financially incentivise pulses cultivation in a manner that production increases and it is evident this year, said jaitely.
the finance minister added that the agriculture ministry was pushing to increase production.
agriculture minister radha mohan singh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
this will help make the country self-sufficiency in next three years.
jailed also pointed out that last two years financial incentives is evident this year.
new delhi: the reserve bank of india (rbi) is tightening the screws on loan defaulters, with a list of such borrows being prepared.
public-sector banks have reported more than rs 6 lakh crore of bad loans till 2016-17.
lenders had reported a stable operating profit of rs 1.
5 lakh crore and a net profit of rs 574 crore in 2016-17.
he also stressed that an action on such cases is expected soon.
jaitley added that the government is actively working towards consolidation of banks.
you will be shortly hearing about it.
.
.
rbi is actively working on that, he said.
the finance ministry had called the meeting of top bankers on monday to assess the financial position of banks and speedy resolution of bad assets.
jaitley clarified that consolidation of banks was not on the agenda of the meeting.
i cant give you further details because some of these are price-sensitive, but you can take it that there is a movement in that direction.
one of the important components was to enhance the size and scope of oversight committee the identification of the accounts, which can be actively taken up under the process for which an internal advisory committee, has been constituted by rbi, s s mundra, rbi deputy governor, who was present at the meeting, told reporters.
mundra said rbi is actively working on it and that some action plans will emerge soon.
by ptinew delhi: in a bid to give relief to small businesses, the gst council thursday doubled the limit for exemption from payment of goods and services tax (gst) to rs 40 lakh and announced that the higher turnover cap of rs 1.
5 crore for availing composition scheme of paying 1 per cent tax will be effective from april 1.
the council also allowed kerala to levy a 1 per cent calamity cess on intra-state sale of goods and services for a period of up to two years to mobilise revenues to meet the cost of rehabilitating parts of states that were ravaged by floods last year.
for the northeastern states, the exemption would now be rs 20 lakh.
currently, businesses with a turnover of up to rs 20 lakh is exempt from gst registration, while the limit for hilly and northeastern states is rs 10 lakh.
sources said the annual revenue loss on account of doubling exemption limit to rs 40 lakh, considering that all states implement it, is rs 5,200 crore.
jaitley said the gst composition scheme, under which small traders and businesses pay a 1 per cent tax based on turnover, can be availed by businesses with a turnover of rs 1.
5 crore, against the earlier rs 1 crore, with effect from april 1.
also, service providers and suppliers of both goods and services up to a turnover of rs 50 lakh would be eligible to opt for the gst composition scheme and pay a tax of 6 per cent.
the twin decision under the composition scheme would have an annual revenue impact of about rs 3,000 crore.
jaitley said these decisions would give a relief to micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes).
on gst rate for real estate, the council has decided for form a seven-member group of ministers after differences of opinion emerged at the meeting, he said, adding there were diverse views on lottery.
a ministerial panel will look into it as well.
jaitley said those opting for the composition scheme would have to file just one tax return annually but pay taxes once every quarter.
a very large part of gst comes from formal sector and large companies.
each one of these decisions is intended to help the smes.
you have given them various options.
if they are in services sector, they can get 6 per cent compounding, if they are in manufacturing and trading up to rs 1.
5 crore they can get 1 per cent compounding.
they can make use of exemption of up to rs 40 lakh, he said.
the finance minister said there would be two thresholds -- rs 40 lakh and rs 20 lakh -- for exemption from registration and payment of the gst for the suppliers of goods, with the facility that one can 'opt up or opt down' depending on revenue.
few states had a view that if the turnover threshold is hiked to rs 40 lakh, their assessee base gets eroded.
so if they inform the secretariat within a week then they would be given the option to opt down.
puducherry has kept this option.
revenue secretary ajay bhushan pandey said even though currently the exemption limit is rs 20 lakh, but still there are about 10.
93 lakh taxpayers who are below rs 20 lakh but are paying taxes.
the increased (exemption) limit (of rs 40 lakh) is applicable for those businesses who deal in goods and also do intra-state trade and not for those who do inter-state transactions, pandey said.
under the composition scheme, traders and manufacturers can pay taxes at a concessional rate of 1 per cent, while restaurants pay 5 per cent gst.
there are over 1.
17 crore businesses which have registered under the goods and services tax (gst), which was rolled out from july 1, 2017.
of these over 18 lakh have opted for composition scheme.
while a regular taxpayer has to pay taxes on a monthly basis, a composition supplier is required to pay taxes on a quarterly basis.
also, a composition taxpayer is not required to keep detailed records that a normal taxpayer is supposed to maintain.
the council in its november meeting had hiked the threshold for the composition scheme to rs 1.
5 crore, which will now be effective from the beginning of next fiscal.
the group of ministers led by bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi on giving relief to msmes had on sunday, among other things, decided to increase exemption threshold to rs 40 lakh for business doing intra-state movement of goods.
the decisions were placed before the council on thursday.
threshold limit increased from (rs) 20 to 40 lakh in gst.
kerala & chattisgarh insisted on (rs) 20 lakh.
so states given option either remain in (rs) 20 or 40 lakh, modi tweeted.
with regard to composition scheme for service providers, modi said (rs) 50 lakh turnover & 6  tax rate for service providers in a new compostion scheme in gst.
again chattisgarh & congress ruled states wanted 8 per cent gst.
outside congress say lower tax rates & in meeting fight for higher tax rates.
by uninew delhi: call it a major surprise or anything else, pakistan prime minister imran khan was 'waiting for instructions' to make his radio broadcast on pulwama terror attack, former cricket-star-turned politician's ex-wife reham khan has said.
he was not only evading the subjects; he was waiting for instructions, khan told indian today television.
she said - the speech by imran khan (on tuesday) was very measured.
it said what needed to be said.
it was very balanced; ticked all the boxes of diplomacy.
however, it came a bit too late, by my standard.
this is my personal opinion but once such a huge incident happens in any country, be it india or any other part of the world; there should have been a swift condemnation by the prime minister of pakistan, she remarked.
khan, who divorced pakistan pm on october 30, 2015, also said - on this occasion (pulwama) and also on iranian incident (that killed 27 iranian security guards), there was no tweet.
he (imran) was conveniently tweeting about winter rains.
so i was a bit surprised.
however, very quickly, she hastened to add: well not quite surprised he was not only evading the subjects; he was waiting for the instructions.
libyan-born british-pakistani journalist and an author reham is ethnically of pashtun origins.
on 6 january 2015, imran khan confirmed his marriage to reham - but the wedlock ended on october 30, 2015 in a divorce.
in her interactions, reham also made a veiled attack on pakistani military establishment and went on to say, today (february 19) instructions were very clear, and i cannot find any fault with the speech.
but even today, i think he (imran khan) should have been a bid bigger and (should have) given a very categorical condemnation of the incident, she said.
imran khan's radio broadcast - coming five day after february 14 pulwama attack - was criticised strongly by the ministry of external affairs in india.
we are not surprised that the prime minister of pakistan refuses to acknowledge the attack on our security forces in pulwama as an act of terrorism.
prime minister of pakistan has neither chosen to condemn this heinous act nor condoled with the bereaved families, an official statement said.
finance minister arunjaitley also was critical of imran khan and said: there is not even a pretext of a condemnation of the incident; let alone sympathy for the bereaved families not even a lip sympathy for them.
in a post on social media, aicc media in-charge randeep surjewala said, it is unfortunate and shameful that pakistani prime minister imran khan is today speaking the language of the jaish-e-mohammed.
by ptinew delhi: india will not submit any evidence to pakistan on the role of jaish-e-mohammad in the pulwama terror strike, and instead give all such facts to friendly nations to unmask the role of elements based in the neighbouring country in the attack, a senior government official said.
the official was sharing the views within the government, which is not at all in favour of giving any evidence to pakistan considering the past experience when despite giving multiple dossiers on the involvement of pakistan-based elements in the 26/11 mumbai terror attacks and terror strike in pathankot airbase, islamabad did nothing to punish the perpetrators.
there is no question of giving any evidence to pakistan.
rather we will share them with friendly countries to expose the role of pakistan-based elements in pulwama and other terror attacks on indian soil, the official said.
also read | imran khan should be given opportunity: pdp chief mehbooba on pakistan pm seeking proofpakistan prime minister iran khan tuesday said he would act against the perpetrators of the pulwama attack if india shares with islamabad actionable intelligence.
fourty crpf personnel were killed when a suicide bomber of the jaish-e-mohammad (jem) rammed a vehicle carrying explosives into their bus in pulwama in jammu and kashmir on february 14.
in the 2008 mumbai terror attacks, enough evidence was provided to pakistan but there has been no action against lashkar-e-taiba founder hafeez saeed, top leader of the group zakiur rehman lakhvi, some isi officers and others even after 11 years.
in case of the terror attack on pathankot airbase, a five-member team of pakistani investigators was allowed to visit the site for gathering first-hand information.
however, when the team returned to pakistan after visiting the sensitive airbase, they claimed that indian authorities failed to provide evidence to prove that pakistan-based terrorists had stormed the indian air force station.
when we get these kind of responses from pakistan, there is no point in engaging with them.
now, our primary task will be to expose pakistan globally, about its role in aiding and abetting terrorism, the official said.
finance minister arunjaitley had on tuesday slammed imran khan for demanding actionable intelligence from india, saying jem has publicly acknowledged its hand behind the attack.
the ministry of external affairs tuesday rubbished imran khan's comments on the ghastly pulwama attack, saying disclaiming pakistan's link with terrorist attacks is an oft-repeated excuse by the nerve centre of terrorism.
promises of 'guaranteed action' ring hollow given the track record of pakistan, the mea had said.
amaravati: andhra pradesh chief minister n. chandrababu naidu on wednesday sought immediately abolishing big currency notes and called for making baking transactions compulsory in course of time to curb black money.
stressing the need for ban on cash transactions, he reiterated his demand for immediately abolishing currency notes of rs 500 and rs 1,000 denominations.
addressing a news conference in his new office at velagapudi here, he also voiced concern that politics has become a shelter for corrupt.
naidu, who had been demanding a ban on big currency notes, said he would be writing a letter to prime minister narendra modi on wednesday itself in this regard.
he said abolishing the big currency notes was necessary to check those who are buying votes and misusing the people's mandate.
politics has become shelter for corrupt people and black money earners, said naidu, also the telugu desam party (tdp) chief.
terming black money as the root cause for all the evils, naidu said this could be curbed by abolishing cash and currency transactions and making all transactions through banks compulsory.
when all payments can be made through a smart phone, there was no need for cash transactions, he said.
in course of time we have to go for total bank transactions.
we have to regulate and create culture.
then only we can control all evils and then only everybody will earn money through genuine way, he said.
stating that some people were becoming rich overnight, he said when questioned, they were launching a counter attack.
naidu said such people get votes by distributing rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes among voters.
this is leading to competition among mlas, who also want to make money to win elections.
this is a vicious circle and the only way to break it is to go for total bank transactions, he added.
he also did not favour income declaration scheme for black money earners, saying this only help them to turn black money into white.
they have to give only 40-45 percent money.
their remaining money becomes white.
it's good for them.
they will happily pay this.
there is not even social stigma, he said.
out of the rs 65,000 crore disclosed across the country, rs 13,000 crore was declared in hyderabad and, out of it, rs 10,000 crore by a single individual.
who is that, we can't know as per law.
is it possible for a businessman to declare such huge money?
naidu said.
appreciating prime minister narendra modi for stating that there are still people and problems like ravana, naidu said black money was a major cause for these problems.
he pointed out that after earning the money by hook or crook, some people resort to drinking liquor, going to clubs and indulging in other immoral activities.
claiming that india is positioned to become super power, naidu said it is the only country in the world with great values and described the family system as country's greatest asset.
in an obvious reference to us pesidential candidate donald trump's lewd comments about women, the tdp leader said it speaks of hollowness.
it's evident from this that there is no leadership in a developed country like us, he remarked.
he also referred to polygamy in the us.
if you see, trump has fourth wife.
these are not values.
this is temporary enjoyment but we have values.
india is the only country with family bond and it is the main reason for our happiness, he said.
by ptinew delhi: a consortium of jet airways, air france-klm and delta airlines understood to have expressed interest in the disinvestment of national carrier air india, according to sources.
moving ahead with the strategic disinvestment of loss-making air india, the government is expected to soon invite expression of interest (eoi) from the bidders.
against this backdrop, sources said a consortium of three full services, including jet airways, are keen to put in their bid for the national carrier.
jet airways along with air france-klm and delta air lines are interested in participating in air india disinvestment, sources told pti.
when contacted, a jet airways spokesperson said the airline would not like to comment on speculations.
queries sent to air france-klm and delta remained unanswered.
jet airways' possible bid for air india by way of a consortium also comes less than four months after the naresh goyal-led airline enhanced cooperation agreement with the air france-klm group.
interestingly, jet airways ceo vinay dube had a decade-long career at delta air lines before joining the indian carrier last year.
immediately before coming to jet airways, he was senior vice president (asia pacific) at the american airline.
air france-klm and its partners delta and alitalia operate the largest trans-atlantic joint-venture with over 270 daily flights.
though air india is saddled with huge debt, acquiring the airline can help boost the acquirer in terms of foot print and bilateral rights.
while a group of ministers are still in the process of finalising the contours of air india stake sale, the civil aviation ministry has so far said that officially it has received expression of interest from at least no-frills carrier indigo and an unidentified foreign airline.
the enhanced partnership between jet airways and air france-klm group, announced in november, would help in boosting connectivity between 106 european cities and 44 domestic destinations.
at that time, naresh goyal had said he would speak to the group chairmen of air france-klm and delta to explore the possibility of deepening this cooperation through joint purchase of fuel and closer tie-ups in engineering and maintenance all of which would be revenue accretive.
the government expects to complete the privatisation of air india this year and is likely to put up for sale as four different entities.
last month, minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha had said he had many discussions with many different players for air india as well as various different entities that belong to the air india group.
air india, its low-cost arm air india express and subsidiary aisats are likely to be offered as one entity, while regional arm alliance air would be a separate entity.
besides, air india air transport services ltd (aiatsl) and air india engineering services ltd (aiesl) will be sold separately.
aisats is a 50:50 joint venture between air india and singapore airlines' group entity sats ltd.last year, aviation services provider bird group had expressed interest in acquiring air india's ground handling subsidiary aiatsl.
on march 6, the civil aviation ministry had said air india has been showing considerable improvement in operational and financial parameters.
in june 2017, the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) gave its in-principle nod to the strategic disinvestment of the airline, which has a debt burden of over rs 50,000 crore.
subsequent to the decision, the air india specific alternative mechanism (aisam), headed by finance minister arunjaitley , was set up to decide on specific issues.
the national carrier is staying on taxpayers' money under the turnaround plan approved by the previous upa government in 2012.
under the plan, the airline is to get rs 30,231 crore up to 2021, subject to achieving certain milestones.
so far, the government has infused rs 26,545.
21 crore into the carrier.
by iansnew delhi: uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey will be the new finance secretary, replacing hasmukh adhia -- the gujarat-cadre ias officer who is set to retire on november 30.
pandey, a 1984-batch ias officer of the maharashtra cadre, would continue to hold the additional charge of unique identification authority of india (uidai) ceo and goods and services tax network (gstn) chairman till further instructions, according to an order issued by the appointments committee of the cabinet.
the committee also announced that girish chandra murmu, the 1985-batch gujarat-cadre ias officer who is presently special secretary at revenue department, would replace expenditure secretary ajay narayan jha when he retires on january 31 next year.
adhia, who turned 60 earlier this month, had an eventful stint as finance secretary during the days of demonetisation and the ushering in of the gst regime.
the ias officer worked in the finance ministry for four years including the last three years as revenue secretary.
the announcement of his retirement put to rest all speculation of his getting an extension, unlike in the past when the tenure of secretaries in the ministry were usually extended if it ended close to the union budget's presentation.
new rejig in bureaucracy abp pandey to don three posts.
too much to handle.
pic.
twitter.com/gdhjodxy8d  anuradha shukla (@anu1122) november 17, 2018he (adhia) had informed me earlier this year that he would not work for a single day after november 30.
while wishing him a good post-retirement life, arunjaitley commended adhia's contributions as revenue secretary for bringing a series of reforms including execution of goods and services tax (gst) and making the income tax filing process online with no physical interface between the assessee and the assessment official.
in a series of tweets, adhia expressed gratitude to prime minister narendra modi and finance minister arunjaitley for their guidance and leadership during his four-year stint.
my special gratitude to the prime minister for his guidance and to arunjaitley ji for having acknowledged my contribution publicly, the outgoing secretary said.
rate reductions and smoothening of the rough edges were also achieved in a record time during adhia's tenure, he added.
adhia's tenure saw an exponential increase in tax base and the tax realisations.
.
.
the follow-up after demonetisation in detecting the large cash depositors and making them accountable was no mean challenge.
adhia executed these steps with calm and professionalism, he said.
jaitley also appreciated adhia's prior role as financial services secretary in successfully implementing various social security programmes, including the mudra yojana, which is targeted at funding micro units.
new delhi: a day after the passage of the 122nd constitutional amendment bill in the rajya sabha, the ambience of trust, mutual praise and the conciliatory tone adopted by both the government and the opposition seemed to evaporate.
fault lines developed over finance minister arunjaitley refusal to commit that the next batch of goods and services tax bills  the central gst and the inter-state gst  will not be brought in as money bills, making the upper houses role redundant.
the bills are expected to come up in the winter session.
while arunjaitley has taken the view that he would be attracting privilege motion by committing to curtail the power of the lower house, declaring the nature of the legislation in advance, the congress ratcheted up the issue claiming that its the only reason the government wants to bypass the upper house.
the government gave in to two of the three key demands of the opposition to get the gst bill through in the rajya sabha.
it totally removed the provision of 1  additional tax by the manufacturing states and made a partial provision for an independent dispute resolution mechanism in the bill.
however, a decision on the more contentious issue of 18 per cent ceiling for gst has been deferred.
the congress had to step back from its demand of including the gst cap after most of the states opposed the move and demanded a higher cap.
senior congress leader and rajya sabha mp jairam ramesh on thursday asserted that none of his party-ruled states would agree to a gst rate of above 18 per cent.
that the party will not agree to the higher rate which could prove to be inflationary.
were in favour of a consumer-friendly gst, ramesh said, hinting a political fight.
jaitley said a lower gst rate would result in deficit budget as the centre was committed to compensate the states in the first five years.
ramesh asserted that it has been seen the world over that a lower or more reasonable gst cap not only helps in widening the tax base but also results in tax compliance.
he cited the spike in revenue after vat kicked in, to buttress his point.
the gst council with the states representatives will decide on the cap in consultation with the centre.
the gst bill will also have to be ratified by 50 per cent of the 29 states to become an implementable law.
while the bjp/nda is in power in 13 states, the congress is in power in eight.
among the non-bjp/nda, non-congress states, except for tamil nadu, all the others are supporting gst hoping for a windfall gain.
by ptinew delhi: the union cabinet tuesday gave its nod to re-issue the contentious triple talaq ordinance that makes the practice of instant triple talaq by muslim men a penal offence.
once signed by president ram nath kovind, the triple talaq ordinance will come into force for the third time in less than one year.
a bill on the ordinance making the practise of 'talaq-e-biddat' (instance divorce) void and an offence is pending in rajya sabha.
the bill will lapse on june 3 with the dissolution of the present lok sabha.
opposition parties and some community leaders have claimed that jail term for a man for divorcing his wife is legally untenable.
read here | citizenship amendment bill, triple talaq bill set to lapse on june 3 as rajya sabha adjourned sine diethe government has asserted that it provides justice and equality to muslim women.
it (discussion) has not been prevented because numbers were against it.
indian democracy cannot be helpless.
extraordinary situations do call for such steps, he said, adding that some ordinances, including one against inter-state ponzi scheme, are in larger national interest.
the government has promulgated the ordinance on triple talaq twice.
under the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) ordinance, 2019, divorcing through instant triple talaq will be illegal, void and would attract a jail term of three years for the husband a bill to convert the earlier ordinance, issued in september, 2018, was cleared by the lok sabha in december and was pending in the rajya sabha since the bill could not get parliamentary approval, a fresh ordinance was issued.
seeking to allay fears that the proposed law could be misused, the government has included certain safeguards in it such as adding a provision of bail for the accused before trial.
these amendments were cleared by the cabinet on august 29, 2018.
while the ordinance makes it a non-bailable offence, an accused can approach a magistrate even before trial to seek bail.
in a non-bailable offence, bail cannot be granted by police at the police station itself.
a provision has been added to allow the magistrate to grant bail after hearing the wife, the government had said.
by ptinew delhi: air india has been consistently improving its overall performance and more than doubled its operating profit to rs 298.
03 crore in the last financial year, according to the government.
the net loss of the state-owned airline, however, widened to rs 5,765.
16 crore in 2016-17.
the divestment-bound national carrier had an operating profit of rs 105 crore in 2015-16.
air india has been consistently improving its overall financial and operational performance since the implementation of the turnaround plan by the government, minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha said in a written reply to the lok sabha today.
in 2015-16, air india had an operating profit of rs 105 crore while net loss stood at rs 3,836.
77 crore.
the previous upa government, in 2012, had approved a turnaround plan under which air india is to receive a total equity infusion worth rs 30,231 crore up to 2021 subject to meeting certain performance thresholds.
out of the total amount, rs 26,545.
21 crore has already been infused into the airline till now.
as part of the turnaround plan, air india has been taking various measures, including rationalisation of routes and enhanced utilisation of aircraft.
the airline's total loans amounted to rs 48,447.
37 crore in 2016-17.
this includes aircraft and working capital loans of rs 17,359.
61 crore and rs 31,087.
76 crore, respectively.
sinha said the draft expression of interest document inviting proposal for the airline's disinvestment is yet to be finalised by the air india specific alternative mechanism (aisam).
formal proposals from prospective bidders would be received thereafter only.
any unsolicited expressions of interest at this stage are not relevant, he said.
in june 2016, the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) had given its in-principle approval for considering strategic disinvestment of air india and its five subsidiaries.
it also constituted the aisam, which is headed by finance minister arun jaitley.
the panel would decide on hiving off certain assets to a shell company, the entities to be offered for sale during the bidding process, the quantum of disinvestment and the universe of bidders, sinha said in a separate reply.
to another reply, he said the air india museum project has been put on hold due to the ongoing disinvestment process.
there was a proposal to set up a museum of arts and crafts in mumbai to showcase the collection of air india.
by ptiwashington: ahead of the budget, corporate america has urged finance minister arunjaitley for further reduction in tax uncertainty for multinational companies and institutional investors, a step which it said would help attract more foreign direct investments to india.
a significant positive step toward improving the investment climate would be to further reduce tax uncertainty for multinational companies and institutional investors in india, nisha desai biswal, the president of the usindia business council (usibc), said in a memorandum submitted to jaitley.
noting that in today's economic environment, scarce capital is allocated to markets offering optimal returns, biswal said global businesses allocate investments where post-tax returns for a given risk profile are highest.
when tax costs are uncertain, particularly in a foreign country, investors normally provide for them on a most conservative basis, she observed.
therefore, tax uncertainty results in an increase of risk when investing in any given project drives investors to either withhold investments or require a higher rate of return to account for this risk, thus raising the cost of capital in the uncertain market, said biswal, who was the obama administration's point person for south and central asia.
welcoming prime minister narendra modi's plans to transform india's economy and his efforts to promote india as a global investment destination, the usibc said for india to be successful in attracting the international investors, it needs to create a more stable and predictable fiscal regime and address retrospective taxation and legacy cases that remain open.
usibc members believe that unless resolved, the lack of clarity in the government's approach to taxation risk will undermine progress in other areas of the economy and will continue to damage india's reputation among investors, said the memorandum running into 39 pages.
describing it as a major concern for international investors, including usibc members, biswal said by rescinding the historical retrospective tax legislation, india would have an opportunity to proceed to a satisfactory resolution of legacy cases which would be beneficial to both india and the companies involved.
as indicated by the high-profile nature surrounding recent cross-border tax rulings, one of the primary frustrations of foreign multinational companies investing in india is an often inconsistent transfer pricing regime and a lack of a predictable, efficient dispute resolution mechanism, the usibc rued.
usibc said it believes that india must ensure that transfer pricing principles are applied in a fair and consistent manner for all taxpayers, as well as allow a reasonable method for determining transfer pricing comparables that support fees on services performed in india for nonindian affiliated entities and match the nature of the company's services performed.
to facilitate cross-border trade and investment without the barrier of double taxation, the government of india and the us government should reaffirm the shared commitment to improving tax dispute resolution.
to that end, the two governments should work to modernize the us-india bilateral tax treaty to reflect the current business and investment environment, the memorandum said.
usibc recommended that the compliance burden should be reduced on service sector by reducing the frequency of return filing.
for e.
g.
instead of monthly returns, service sector companies should be allowed to file tax returns on a halfyearly basis.
noting that the industry is very pleased to see the significant progress in capital market reforms made over the past several years by the ministry of finance and others, usibc said, however, continued lack of predictability in some tax policy stands as a major deterrent to indian markets for global capital, dampening the effects of any policy and regulatory reforms made to encourage this capital.
vijayawada: congress rajya sabha member kvp ramachandra rao on tuesday moved a motion in the upper house seeking special category status (scs) for andhra pradesh.
after moving the motion, ramachandra rao told mediapersons that he would continue to fight for scs since the benefits that would accrue under it were quite exclusive and were no match to what the special package offered to the state.
he found fault with union finance minister arunjaitley for saying that the 14th finance commission had shelved special category status and maintained that the chairman and members of the the commission had said they never made any such observation in their report.
ramachandra rao, who has been doggedly pursuing scs for ap, said that it was not proper for the centre to say that the special package that was offered to the state was equal in all respects to the scs.
special status demand took centre stage only after ramachandra rao moved a private member's bill in the rajya sabha at a time when everyone was forgetting about it which was promised by the bjp at the time of the bifurcation of the state.
after kvp moved the bill, the tdp began increasing pressure on the centre at least for special status which landed in naidu's lap only in september last year.
but kvp, not satisfied with that, moved one more petition in rajya sabha on march 11, seeking constitutional amendment guaranteeing promises made in parliament at the time of bifurcation of the state.
by aninew delhi: indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria arrived here on saturday for consultations with senior officials and leadership over the pulwama terror attack, sources said.
the indian envoy has been called for consultations at a time when the government is looking at options for giving a befitting reply to pakistan over the dastardly terror attack in pulwama which claimed the lives of 40 crpf personnel.
in the wake of the attack, the centre on friday announced its decision to withdraw the most favoured nation (mfn) status granted unilaterally to pakistan while asserting that there is incontrovertible evidence about islamabad's involvement in the gruesome terror attack.
india will also make all possible efforts to ensure complete isolation of pakistan in the international community and work for early adoption of the long-pending comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit), which is pending before the united nations, he added.
india had granted mfn status to pakistan in 1996, a year after the formation of the world trade organisation (wto), but pakistan never accorded the same status to india.
under the international trade rules, mfn is a treatment accorded to a trade partner to ensure non-discriminatory trade between two countries.
a crpf convoy, while moving from jammu to srinagar, was attacked by a suicide bomber in lethpora area on the national highway at around 3.
15 pm on thursday.
pakistan-based terror outfit jaish-e-mohammad (jem) claimed responsibility for the attack.
bhuvaneswar: union coal secretary anil swarup today rejected the state government's demand for revision of coal royalty this year saying it will adversely affect the consumers.
hike in coal royalty is a national decision and it cannot be done for considering the case of one state.
besides, there is no proposal now for such a revision, swarup told reporters after meeting chief minister naveen patnaik at the state secretariat here.
the union secretary said that increase in coal royalty will result in power tariff hike which will adversely impact the consumers.
therefore, the coal ministry has decided not to raise the coal royalty.
the chief minister is stated to have raised the twin issues of royalty hike and a share from the clean energy cess collected from coal by the centre.
earlier in july, the state government had requested the centre to revise the coal royalty without further delay and share at least 60 percent of the clean environment cess with coal bearing states.
writing to prime minister narendra modi, the chief minister said that the rate of royalty for coal, fixed at 14 per cent ad valorem, had not been revised for more than four years even though the ministry of coal has constituted a study group to consider revision of rates of royalty on coal on july, 21, 2014.
during his recent visit to new delhi, patnaik had raised the issue with finance minister arunjaitley and reminded him that royalty on coal was due for revision in april, 2015.
while the rate of royalty remained unrevised, the centre has levied clean environment cess of rs 400 per ton, he said.
the chief minister has been demanding a substantial share from the the clean energy cess fund to coal bearing states like odisha which are bearing the brunt of negative externalities of coal mining and coal based thermal power plants.
swarup reviewed the progress of the coal blocks allotted to private sectors and the coal production in the state with senior officers at a high level meeting here chaired by chief secretary a p padhi.
the year 2016, the world of business was marked largely as a year of exits.
with brexit being the most striking, and closer home, the 'exit' of the now defunct high denomination currency and the stepping down of many from seats of power--some unprecedented.
here are the major events that made a mark this year:panama papers expose tax havenspanamanian law firm mossack fonseca.
(file photo | afp)an unprecedented data dump from a panamanian law firm revealed in april how the rich and powerful used tax havens.
figures ranging from global leaders such as former british prime minister david cameron to film star amitabh bachchan reportedly had links to offshore companies through the legal firm mossack fonseca.
the first casualty of panama papers was icelands prime minister sigmundur dav gunnlaugsson, who resigned amid fierce protests within days of the leak being published.
the german newspaper sddeutsche zeitung first reported on the documents dump, which continues to fuel investigations by countries around the world into links between individuals and offshore companies.
read morebrexit's impact on global marketsbritain leaves the european union.
(file photo | reuters)a majority of voters in britain voted in june to leave the european union, inflicting the biggest shock in decades on the british establishment which in turn rattled the global markets.
the result of the referendum, whose impact on trade and finance will be extensive and long-lasting, caused british prime minister david cameron to resign the day after the vote.
brexit left questions looming large on the stability of the european union.
now, britain is in talks with the european union over a brexit deal, in hope of a smooth transition in various sectors.
meanwhile, a supreme court case will decide in january 2017, whether prime minister theresa may needs a go-ahead from parliament to trigger article 50 of the treaty of lisbon to leave the european union.
read moretata-mistry rowtata sons chairman ratan tata (l) and ousted chief cyrus mistry.
(file photo | pti)the october 24 ousting of cyrus mistry, the sixth chairman of tata sons, was a shock for the indian corporate world.
the war of words that followed, dented the reputation of tata group and sent share prices of many tata firms tumbling amid mistrys allegations about the companys culture and ethics.
after the ouster, ratan tata took charge as the interim chairman.
on december 23, four days after mistry resigned from the boards of tata companies, he approached the national company law tribunal seeking relief under provisions of the companies act that deal with the oppression of minority shareholders and mismanagement of the company.
the tribunal, however, did not grant him any interim relief and asked him to prove his allegations against tata sons.
read moresamsung note 7 fiascosamsung galaxy note 7 smartphone.
(file photo | ap)the samsung note 7 fiasco of 2016 could be the costliest goof-up in the world of smartphones: the technology giant had to recall about 2.
5 million of the high-end devices after a barrage of reports in august of the phone catching fire.
after several incidents of the note 7 catching fire on planes, the device was banned by the us department of transportation.
following this, airliners across many other countries also banned the use of this model of smartphone in the flights.
samsung finally scrapped the note 7 in october  less than two months after the launch  in a move that has marred the worlds largest smartphone makers reputation and business outlook.
read moredemonetisationdemonetisation first impact: long queues at atms. (file photo)the scrapping of high-value notes by the indian government, purportedly a move to curb black money and corruption, has hit businesses with cash-reliant supply chains the hardest.
uncertainty followed the november 8 announcement that made 86 percent of india's monetary base worthless.
but soon reports began pouring in of alarming disruptions in india's unorganized sector, which employs more than 80 percent of the country's workforce -- those who get their wages in cash; and for many the impact was sudden as they did not have a bank account.
the demand for durable goods fell in many states, and vegetable prices too tumbled, hurting the agriculture sector.
economists are divided on whether demonetisation would will have a long-term impact on growth, but by the end of 2016 the government's move came under severe criticism, with people collapsing and dying while waiting at atms and banks in queues that in some places extended for more than a kilometre.
read moresbi merger with associatesstate bank of india to merge with its associate banks.
(file photo | reuters)the state bank of india merger with its five associates and bharatiya mahila bank will create a banking giant with an asset base of more than rs 30 lakh crorethe biggest merger in indias banking sector.
among the expected benefits of the consolidation are lower costs and higher productivity, with the merged entity to become one of the top 50 banks in the world.
stocks of the bank and its associates soared after the announcement in may.
sbi chairperson arundhati bhattacharya said the merger is on track and will not be affected by demonetisation.
read moreraghuram rajan exitformer rbi governor raghuram rajan.
(file photo | ap)the surprise decision by raghuram rajan, who is credited with reviving confidence in the indian economy after the 2013 doldrums, to turn down a possible second term as governor of the reserve bank of india sent ripples across the financial world.
that his decision came after attacks by politicians, particularly subramanian swamy, was noted by newspapers and prominent economists soon after the announcement on june 18.
kaushik basu, a former world bank chief economist, tweeted, raghu has been one of the finest central bank governors anywhere.
read morereliance jioreliance jio marks an entry.
(file photo | ap)indias richest man mukesh ambani announced the 4g phone service jio in september, which reliance industries limited hailed as the biggest investment in the companys history.
shares of rival telecom companies suffered heavily after the announcement.
soon, stores saw long snaking lines of people queuing up to buy a jio sim card, which offered free services till december 31.
in addition, prime minister narendra modis picture appeared in full page advertisements of reliance jio after the announcement, making him the target of critics.
however, companies such as airtel, vodafone and bsnl later announced new tariffs that could put them on a better footing after jios rise.
read moregood and services taxparliament discusses gst.
(file photo | pti)the good and services tax, the biggest tax reform in the past few decades, aims to broaden the tax base and make paying tax easier for businesses.
in november, the gst council decided on a 4-tier tax structure with rates of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
as the states will lose revenue with the implementation of gst, the council decided they would be compensated by a cess on luxury and demerit goods, as well as from any other tax.
the issue of dividing control over assessees between the centre and the states did not get resolved in the councils last meeting, this year.
the council is scheduled to meet on january 3 and 4.
read morebayers $66 billion bid for monsantogerman pesticide major bayer acquires agrochemical giant monsanto.
(file photo | reuters)german pharma and chemicals company bayer ag, which also makes pesticides, agreed in september to a $66 billion all-cash takeover of agrochemical giant monsanto to form a mega-agribusiness.
the deal, however, faces antitrust issues as well as political resistance.
for instance, us democrat bernie sanders has called the merger a threat to americans and wants the deal to be blocked.
in addition, media reports said an investor in monsanto had sued the company alleging that chief executive officer hugh grant and directors of monsanto stand to make millions of dollars as there are conflicts of interest.
monsanto has a publicly traded in the indian subsidiary, monsanto india limited.
monsanto has been a divisive name in india as, apart from facing allegations of attempting to establish a seed monopoly, its efforts to introduce genetically modified crops have been met with protests.
read moreamendment of rbi actthe centre amends the rbi act.
(file photo | reuters)the indian government amended the reserve bank of india (rbi) act in june and created a committee to formulate monetary policy rather than have the rbi governor alone deciding policy.
the monetary policy committee comprises representatives of both the government and the rbi.
after the change, the rbi is now solely responsible for inflation.
read moree-commerce in indiaindia's leading e-commerce company flipkart.
(file photo | reuters)demonetisation did not spare e-commerce firms, with the country's largest e-commerce company flipkart already hit by mounting losses.
in addition, flipkart's senior-level management staff were leaving the company after the company's performance in 2015.
though the big names like snapdeal and flipkart have seen growth this year, amazon has aggressively closed the gap that existed between the large indian e-commerce companies and the global giant's indian unit.
experts have questioned whether demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes will hurt the growth of the overall e-commerce market in india, whose economy depends heavily on cash.
in november, media reports said japan's softbank marked down significantly the value of its investments in snapdeal and cab aggregator ola.
read more3.
2 million debit cards hackedcard data breach.
(file photo)in one of the biggest security breaches in india, customers of banking majors such as state bank of india, hdfc bank, icici bank, and yes bank had their financial information compromised this year.
on october 19, sbi said it would reissue about 6,00,000 debit cards after it was informed of the data breach.
nineteen indian banks, mastercard, visa, rupay, and hitachi payments systems were among those affected by the breach.
sbi said it had blocked cards of some customers.
the breach highlighted the need for banks to shore up their cyber security.
read moreblockchain - the future of banking technology?
blockchain technology.
(photo credit | screenshot from https://bitcoin.org/)what is blockchain?
the term bitcoin may be more familiar, but blockchain is the peer-to-peer technology that underpins the cryptocurrency.
in the same way that banks keep records of transactions, blockchain acts as a log for how much bitcoin is owned by whom.
but where banks are centralised systems comprising separate databases, blockchain is a log maintained collaboratively that eliminates any need for middlemen and multiple instances of records at different stages of a transaction.
for banks, adopting this technology could be disruptive but might deliver huge cost savings and speed up transaction times.
new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and five other aap leaders today moved a city court seeking chance to be heard before it decided whether they would be put on trial in a criminal defamation complaint filed by finance minister arunjaitley against them.
appearing before chief metropolitan magistrate sumit dass, jaitley's counsel informed the court that the delhi high court has dismissed the accused's plea seeking stay on the trial court proceedings in the case.
senior advocate siddharth luthra, appearing for the complainant, urged the court that notice/charge be framed against the accused persons -- kejriwal, ashutosh, sanjay singh, kumar vishwas, raghav chadha and deepak bajpai.
advocate rahul mehra, however, moved an application on behalf of all the accused seeking chance to address the argument on point of whether to frame the charges.
the court has now put up the matter for further hearing on november 11.
the court granted exemption from personal appearance for the day to kejriwal, ashutosh and sanjay.
the court had on may 19 dismissed the accused's plea seeking stay of the proceedings in the criminal defamation case, after which they approached the high court.
jaitley had filed the criminal defamation complaint alleging that the accused had allegedly defamed him in delhi district cricket association (ddca) controversy.
a civil defamation suit has also been filed by arunjaitley before the delhi high court in relation to the matter seeking rs 10 crore in damages.
by iansnew delhi: at his press conference in new delhi on saturday, finance minister arunjaitley made a biting claim: although ulrik mcknight is an american citizen, he is a member of the social gang of rahul gandhi.
mcknight was the congress president's business partner at backops, the uk-based firm that they both opened - it folded up in 2009.
it was a troublesome relationship in the sense that the controversy over rahul gandhi's alleged british citizenship emanated during the incorporation of the company - he was described as a british citizen in the documents for incorporation.
it is difficult to say whether mcknight is part of the congress president's social gang but the relationship between the two is not just about being former business partners.
the relationship is actually more direct than elliptical.
mcknight is the son-in-law of former union minister, veteran goa leader and congress loyalist eduardo feleiro.
mcknight's wife sonia faleiro, the former minister's daughter, is a london-based writer.
her first non-fiction work, beautiful thing: inside the secret world of bombay's dance bars, was enthusiastically received by the literary world and outside.
as a family, the faleiros and now mcknight have never fought shy of revealing their close connection with the congress first family.
they named their daughter indira freya mcknight.
mcknight caught the eye of bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders for reasons beyond the backops affair and the issue of rahul gandhi's citizenship.
interest over who he was developed following a rs 20,000 crore deal for the supply of six scorpene submarines to india - it involved a defence firm that mcknight was associated with after backops shut down.
there were suggestions about the existence of a web of companies driving defence deals that made money from kickbacks.
on the ground though, the faleiro-mcknights apparently live a normal, even idyllic life.
some of sonia faleiro's photographs, published with her interviews, bear a heart-warming creditline: ulrik mcknight.
in one of her interviews following the publication of beautiful thing: inside the secret world of bombay's dance bars, she speaks of life with her husband.
i was born in goa, lived in delhi and bombay (mumbai), studied in edinburgh, and moved to the bay area three years ago.
my husband's a bay area local - he's from albany.
we met in india, lived there for several years, and decided three years ago that we were ready for new adventures.
that's when we moved, she told a local publication in noe valley, san francisco, in 2012.
i'd been to san francisco only once before, on book tour.
so i didn't know its different neighbourhoods.
my husband ulrik vaguely remembered noe because he'd come down to bliss bar when he was a student at stanford.
a friend recommended noe, and when we saw it we fell in love.
we love the families and kids, the dogs, the aromas from the noe valley bakery, the friendliness, she addedhowever, bjp mp subramanian swamy, who wants a money laundering case to be registered against rahul gandhi, tweeted recently: bambino (this is a name swamy uses for the congress president) has another case awaiting him: ed to register fera (this no longer exists) and money laundering cases for operating an illegal barclay's bank account and perhaps laundering scorpine submarine kick back with eduardo falerio's son in law through back ops.
mof must not block the case.
jaitley has been no less punishing.
punning on the name of the company, backops, he said on saturday: what did this backops mean?
that there will be a back office and will help you?
meanwhile, eduardo faleiro has not been forgotten even though, at 78, he is ailing and not in active politics.
for the current lok sabha polls, he was named on the goa manifesto committee.
congress party sources said that faleiro needed to be kept in good humour.
by ptinew delhi: congress president rahul gandhi friday said if his party comes to power in 2019, a criminal investigation will be launched into the rafale deal and the accused will be punished.
speaking to the media outside parliament ahead of the government's reply, he urged defence minister nirmala sitharaman to answer the questions raised by the congress on the multi-million dollar fighter jet deal.
we and the entire opposition want that when defence minister speaks on the pm's behalf, the questions raised by us should be answered, gandhi told reporters.
the congress president also asked sitharaman whether any objections were raised on the rafale contract file by the negotiating team and the defence ministry.
gandhi also accused prime minister narendra modi of running away from the debate and said finance minister arunjaitley should answer questions raised by the congress instead of abusing him.
bengaluru/ hubballi: even as former external affairs minister s m krishna is set to meet bjp national president amit shah in new delhi on monday to finalise his intended entry into the saffron outfit, social activist and head of samaj parivartana samudaya, s r hiremath has appealed to amit shah against inducting krishna into the party.
krishna is expected to join bjp formally in the presence of amit shah and prime minister narendra modi within a week.
hiremath has decided to write to amit shah, narendra modi and union finance minister arunjaitley not to induct krishna into the bjp.
speaking to reporters in hubballi on sunday, hiremath said that krishna had a tainted record during his stint as the chief minister of the state.
hiremath alleged that, krishna was involved in many irregularities including the fake stamp paper case and had supported his son-in- law v g siddhartha to accumulate huge wealth by illegal means.
hiremath also alleged that siddhartha had grabbed over 180 acres of prime forest lands in the heart of western ghats in koppa forest division in chikkamagaluru forest circle.
appealing to bjp leaders not to induct krishna into the party, hiremath said, admitting krishna into the party would derail modis fight against corruption and black money.
new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal said on thursday that the next election will be between prime minister narendra modi and the people of the country, a view which senior bjp leader yashwant sinha seemed to share.
the two leaders shared stage at the release of book tidings of troubled times written by congress leader manish tewari and said ideology and values of a political party matter much more than personalities.
answering queries during the discussion following the release of book by sinha, kejriwal said the next general election will be a battle between modi and the people.
what i am able to see is that 2019 election will be fought by the people, not parties.
this battle will be between their leader (modi) and the people.
whether opposition parties will come together or not, that is arithmetic.
that is also necessary in electoral politics but a churning is taking place.
the coming election will not be opposition versus bjp.
it will be bjp versus the rest of the country, he said.
the aam aadmi party leader said a man can leave taking food once a day but cannot compromise with his freedom.
you cannot imagine the atmosphere of fear that is prevailing among people.
across the board traders, industralists are living in fear.
there is fear in stock market.
across the board people are scared that there will be a notice, income tax, ed people will come.
sinha backed kejriwal's remark about people shaping politics in the run up to 2019 lok sabha elections.
i will like to take you to remark that arvind kejriwalji made that sometimes the people take over and the people decide what is best for the country.
i think we will have to give people a chance.
sinha also hit back at finance minister arunjaitley over his reference to him as job applicant at 80 and also disagreed with prime minister narendra modi's assessment in a speech on wednesday about the fundamentals of the economy.
answering a query that if bjp takes action against him, sinha said that will be the best day of my life but added that he had done nothing that can call for such an action.
sinha, whose article slamming the government's management of economy besides demonetisation and gst roll out has triggered a debate, said he had given his sweat and blood for the bjp and termed the present personality-oriented politics as a passing phase.
asked the way forward for him, sinha said: i can't answer that question as yet because you are not acting in isolation.
the context is something that i don't control.
the context is controlled by circumstances.
at this point i want to say, nothing has been worked out.
he said more people should speak their mind.
i am already feeling satisfied that a debate has started and i will feel more satisfied if more and more people were to pick up courage and say what they feel.
that will be the real satisfaction.
in his remarks earlier, sinha referred to modi's speech in which he had mentioned of shalya, a character from mahabharata and struck back virtually comparing modi and bjp president amit shah duo with the eldest kaurava brothers duryodhana and dushasan.
urging the people to stand up to save the great tradition of parliamentary democracy, he said that darr (fear) and democracy don't go together.
mahabharata has been the flavour of the last couple of days.
.
.
and characters from mahabharta have suddenly appeared.
some people are talking about shalya.
i don't know how much they know about shalya.
in mahabharata, there are two famous characters -- duryodhana and dushsana.
the kauravas were 100 brothers.
out of them only two became famous, duryodhana and dushasana, sinha said, leaving the audience in splits.
sinha said democracy is not merely numbers and its soul was consensus.
by express news servicenew delhi: the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday decided to transfer rs 28,000 crore as interim dividend to the union government, ending months of speculation about the sum the government expected, and the actual sum rbi board would agree to pay.
the decision was taken at the rbis central board meeting in delhi.
based on a limited audit review and after applying the extant economic capital framework, the board decided to transfer an interim surplus of rs 280 billion (rs 28,000 crore) to the central government for the half-year ended december 31, 2018, rbi said in a statement.
this is the second successive year that the rbi will be transferring an interim dividend to the government.
it had paid rs 10,000 crore last year as an interim dividend.
rbis annual year runs from july to june.
the dividend will help the governments immediate cash requirement to fund its income support programme for farmers ahead of general elections.
as far as the fiscal year of the government goes, it has already received rs 40,000 crore dividend from rbi, taking up the total to rs 68,000 crore.
the bimal jalan committee will decide the larger issue of rbis reserves and surplus.
it is likely to meet on february 22.
finance minister arunjaitley made his customary post-budget address to the rbi board on monday.
addressing a press conference, rbi governor shaktikanta das said that he will meet heads of public and private sector banks on february 21 to discuss the transmission of interest rate cuts to borrowers.
well discuss that issue with the banks and see what needs to be done, das said.
the rbi had, earlier this month, cut the benchmark interest rate by 0.
25 per cent to 6.
25 per cent.
das said that while credit growth to the commercial sector as a whole has shown some improvement, it is not broad-based.
it is not flowing into various sectors as it should be, he said.
however, on the liquidity crunch in msmes, he said that the ball lies in the banks court  to implement and restructure the loans of eligible msmes as per the rules and guidelines are given in the msme package announced on january 1, 2019.
amritsar: in a scathing attack on congress, union finance minister arunjaitley today termed the 1984 anti-sikh riots as one of the biggest examples of destruction the country witnessed during the party's rule.
i sometimes say when history will be written, 1984 will be known, 'vinash ka saal' (year of destruction).
.
.
when congress was in power, the kind the destruction we witnessed, 1984 was one of the biggest examples of that, he alleged at a function here to mark the punjabi suba golden jubilee.
terrorism spread in punjab because of the mistakes of congress.
punjab and punjabis faced the maximum consequences during that time, jaitely alleged.
dismissing governments, terrorism, putting democracy in danger, not allowing other governments to finish their terms, putting people behind bars and putting the 1984 blot on the country, were part of its regime, he claimed.
he lauded punjab and its people for successfully fighting several kinds of difficulties.
when the country faced the danger of poverty, punjab was ahead in making contributions toward the green revolution.
punjab then faced the (indo-pak) 1971 war bravely.
during the emergency, when democracy was in danger, the biggest 'satyagraha' was done by sad and jan sangh, he claimed.
the prime minister narendra modi-led government has given heritage status to jallianwala bagh and amritsar.
the city was also selected under the smart city mission, the union minister said.
congress and its domination is getting weaker, he claimed, adding there is a new confidence in india under the leadership of modi.
india is now the fastest growing economy.
today no one can play mischief with us.
if an enemy makes any attempt at the border or if anyone conspires against india, it will get the same reply as it has been getting for the last two-months, he said.
in future, the proportion of hard currencies in india is set to become less just like the other developed nations.
he also said that there is a room for cutting the service charge on the use of debit and credit cards once its volume of usage increases.
the renewed push for digital payments from the government came after prime minister narendra modi directed his senior ministers to enlighten the people about merits of using e-wallets and other digital payment methods.
according to government sources, the prime minister asked his ministers to start the promotion of cashless economy with their own staffs followed by their ministry and then constituency to appeal to larger masses.
finance minister arunjaitley also spoke to bihar chief minister nitish kumar amongst the others to form a sub-committee to give impetus to a cashless economy.
in the 26th edition of mann ki baat programme, prime minister modi said, i know cashless economy is different.
why not move towards a cashless society?
need your physical support in this.
i took this decision for the country's poor, farmer, labour, deprived and for those who are suffering.
i reiterate that i need your support; i am positive that you will help me in this; take a pledge that you will be a part of this cashless economy.
by reutersthe sensex and nifty edged lower on tuesday, tracking asian peers, as investors booked profits in recent outperformers such as index heavyweight hdfc bank ltd, while caution prevailed ahead of the federal budget, due later this week.
asian stocks retreated from record highs after a selloff in apple shares knocked wall street lower, with msci's broadest index of asia-pacific shares outside japan down 0.
5 percent.
earnings have been good so far.
however, there's a bit of fear on what is coming up in the budget amidst concerns about fiscal deficit.
and there's some profit-booking as well following the record levels, said sunil sharma, chief investment officer at sanctum wealth management.
indian markets have been on a record-hitting run in recent weeks, boosted by a better-than-expected corporate earnings, government measures such as a cut in the goods and services tax for certain goods and a positive economic growth forecast.
investors would also take cues from the federal budget, to be presented by finance minister arunjaitley on thursday, as the government aims to woo back rural voters and small businesses ahead of state elections.
the broader nse nifty was down 0.
7 percent at11,052.
70 as of 0530 gmt, while the benchmark bse index was 0.
61 percent lower at 36,060.
87.
asian paints ltd and eicher motors ltd were among the top losers on the nse index, down over 2 percent each.
however, debt-laden reliance communications ltd (rcom) surged nearly 15 percent after reporting a narrower third-quarter loss on monday.
shares of hdfc bank ltd dropped as much as 0.
7 percent, on track to snap a 3-day gaining streak.
meanwhile, air-conditioner manufacturer amber enterprises india ltd had an impressive market debut, zooming as much as 37 percent to 1,175 rupees against the ipo price of 859 rupees.
by ptinew delhi: james bond always overcomes seemingly impossible and unexpected challenges.
but for all his preparedness, he could have never expected to become embroiled in an indian parliament debate.
during a heated discussion in the lok sabha on wednesday on the french rafale aircraft deal, finance minister arunjaitley quoted a dialogue by the master spy from a james bond film.
jaitley appeared to have scored a political point with the cinematic allusion until opposition trinamool congress (tmc) member saugata roy called him out to point out that the minister had wrongly put words in bond's mouth.
it can happen.
if it is twice, it is a coincidence and if it is thrice, it is a conspiracy.
and, the conspirators of various defence deals today have the audacity to raise an allegation against others.
roy pointed out that arunjaitley had misquoted the dialogue from bond movie goldfinger, saying that the actual dialogue was: if it happens for the first time then it is happenstance, if it happens twice it is coincidence and if it is thrice then it is enemy action.
jaitleyji, your memory is failing you.
if it happens thrice, then it is enemy action and not conspiracy, roy said.
it also turned out that the dialogue was not delivered by bond, but by his nemesis goldfinger in the 1964 movie starring sean connery as bond and gert frbe as goldfinger.
the tmc mp also nitpicked on jaitley's pronunciation of the name of former french president francois hollande.
jaitley had pronounced it as the country holland, but in french, it is pronounced as ollanday.
roy also said the national democratic alliance (nda) government had to borrow a member from the rajya sabha, who is not even a defence minister, to speak on the rafale deal.
jaitley is a rajya sabha member.
gone are the days of philosophy that high taxation will bring greater revenues.
.
.
.
what you need is a broader base of the economy for which you need a lower level of taxation.
you need to manufacture products and provide services which are more competitive in character and therefore your taxes have to be globally compatible, he said, adding the competition is not merely domestic, but global.
extraordinary high taxation rates in the past have led to higher tax evasions, the finance minister added.
speaking to a young batch of internal revenue services officers, the finance minister asked them to ensure that voluntary tax compliance increases in india in the future.
meanwhile, prime minister narendra modi is set to have a brainstorming session with independent economists and top officials of various ministries at the niti aayog on tuesday.
with the 50-day window, sought by modi to end the pain of demonetisation, nearing an end, the meeting is expected to hammer out a blueprint to put the economy back on track.
the prime minister will be given an overview of the three-year action plan drafted by the niti aayog to give a push in the short term to various areas of the economy.
the prime minister is also keen to hear from the officials and independent economists about the impact of the decision on demonetisation.
since the brainstorming is coming ahead of the budget on february 1, the meeting has a special significance, sources said.
the three years action plan is likely to be unveiled in the first week of january, which will also precede the end of the last five-year plan period (2012-17) concluding on march 31 next year.
the three years action plan would come in effect from april 1, 2017, added the sources.
modi had mandated the niti aayog to prepare the three years action plan and the 15 years vision document.
independent economists would also be consulted for their view to revive the economy.
thiruvananthapuram: with people facing inexplicable hardships due to demonetisation of rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan today hit out at the centre on the issue and asked the government to permit the use of old notes till december 30.
the state's sentiments and anxiety over the post-demonetisation scenario would be conveyed to financeminister arunjaitley , chief minister pinarayi vijayan told reporters at the airport here before leaving for new delhi.
criticising prime minister narendra modi's foreign trip soon after announcing the demonetisation, he said, when the country is facing such a stiff challenge and people continue to suffer, the prime minister is abroad.
the demonetisation of notes has caused inexplicable hardships to common people.
nothing has come to an order yet.
no government should take such an indifferent stand, he said.
people should be permitted to use the old currency for transaction until december 30, the last date to exchange notes, to avoid difficulties faced by them, he said.
vijayan also questioned the centre's claim that demonetisation was to check black money, saying there were reports that black money lobbyists had got prior information about the scrapping of higher denomination notes.
those who keep black money have no issues but common people are the worst hit, he said.
the union government should have made better preparations and put in place a proper system to ensure availability of enough currency for transactions before implementing such a crucial decision, the chief minister said.
he also alleged that 'somebody' close to the union government, had received prior information about banning of the notes and got the opportunity to take precautionary measures.
even after demonetisation, there are no issues for the availability of petroleum.
reliance is a major player in the petroleum sector.
everybody knows the relation between reliance and the union government, vijayan said.
the chief minister said considering the plight of the people, the state government would extend the due date for payment of all service bills up to november 30.
the bills, including those of electricity, school, and water, can be paid without any fine till november 30, he said.
new delhi: in what could speed up the rollout of the goods and services tax (tax) by july 1, 2017, finance minister arun jaitley-led gst council met in udaipur on saturday and agreed on the draft of the compensation bill that looks into how much states should be paid for the losses they would incur once gst is implemented.
the compensation bill is one of the four enabling laws under the gst constitutional amendment.
according to arunjaitley , the remaining laws  state gst, integrated gst (igst) and central gst (cgst)  will be cleared in the next meeting slated for march 4-5 in delhi.
the gsts compensation law states that if any state suffers loss it will be covered in the first five years.
the next meeting of the gst council will be held in delhi on march 4-5 to give final touches to these laws.
this will include the time for exemption for industry such as the works compensation for services and value-added tax, where they need to be categorised, what will be the definition of agriculture, etc.
the fm said that once all drafts are approved by the council, those will be placed in parliament.
in budget sessions second half (that begins on march 9), all enabling laws under gst constitutional amendment should get approved, he noted.
the sgst law will go before the state legislature and come up at the march 4-5 meeting.
he added that after the march 4-5 meeting, officers would start slotting the commodities.
we will require another major meeting to give approval to the specific items in each of the slabs.
according to pratik jain, partner and leader, indirect tax, pwc, once the laws are passed by the council, the focus would shift to determination of gst rates on various products.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley unexpectedly left for the us for a medical check-up following a kidney transplant last year, sources said.
jaitley, 66, who had a kidney transplant operation and follow-up check-ups at aiims last year, left for the us on sunday night for a regular medical check-up, sources said without indicating when he would return.
this is jaitley's first overseas visit since his kidney ailment was confirmed in april last year.
he was supposed to be a key note speaker at the 7th c d deshmukh memorial lecture organised by national council of applied economic research (ncaer) on tuesday evening.
jaitley, who was last week named the publicity head of his party - bjp's election team, is to present the bjp-led nda government's sixth and last budget on february 1, before the general elections due by may.
though it is supposed to be an interim budget, seeking parliament nod for government spending for first four months of 2019-20 fiscal year beginning april, it is widely expected that his speech would be a full-length budget speech.
the new government will present the budget for the fiscal in july.
jaitley had on may 14, 2018, undergone a renal surgery and was out of the finance ministry for nearly 100-days.
during this period, railway and coal minister piyush goyal was given additional charge of the finance ministry.
he had stopped attending office at the beginning of april 2018 and had even cancelled a scheduled attendance at the 10th india-uk economic and financial dialogue in london.
jaitley returned as finance minister on august 23, 2018, and during the next few months limited public interaction to ward off any infection.
he has been the finance minister in the modi government right from the time it took office in may 2014.
he, however, was a minister without a portfolio between may 14, 2018, and august 23, 2018.
a rajya sabha mp since 2000, he was re-elected to the upper house from uttar pradesh in march this year.
he is also the leader of the house.
jaitley had undergone a bariatric surgery soon after the bjp government came to power at the centre in 2014.
the surgery, to treat weight gain that he suffered because of a long-standing diabetic condition, was first performed at max hospital, but he then had to be shifted to aiims because of complications.
by ptinew delhi: india saturday hiked the customs duty to 200 per cent on all goods imported from pakistan, following revocation of the 'most-favoured nation' status in the aftermath of the pulwama terror attack.
india has withdrawn mfn status to pakistan after the pulwama incident.
also read: man arrested in uttar pradesh for objectionable remarks on social media over pulwama terror attackindia on friday revoked the 'most-favoured nation' (mfn) status to pakistan following the pulwama terror strike.
increasing duties would significantly hit pakistan's exports to india, which stood at usd 488.
5 million (around rs 3,482.
3 crore) in 2017-18.
the main items which pakistan exports to india include fresh fruits, cement, petroleum products, bulk minerals and ores and finished leather.
also, he said the gst has brought about an entire change in the indirect tax system in the country.
jaitley further said the gst has stabilised in a very short time in india as compared to various other countries.
therefore, it gives us an opportunity in the times to come to increase its base and rationalise the structure as it continues to evolve, he said at an event to mark the international customs day.
at present, the gst has four rates of 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent.
it is to be noted that the gst council in the november meeting had decided to keep only sin goods and white goods under the 28 per cent tax bracket and moved 178 items from the highest tax bracket to 18 per cent.
thirteen items were moved from 18 per cent to 12 per cent bracket; 8 items from 12 per cent to 5 per cent; 6 items from 18 per cent to 5 per cent, while 6 other items moved from 5 per cent to zero per cent slab.
following the reduction on more than 200 items, the gst collections hit lowest in november from rs 80,808 crore in the previous month.
however, halting two months of decline, the collections gathered momentum in december, rising to rs 86,703 crore.
total gst collections in october were over rs 83,000 crore.
by ptinew delhi: the cryptocurrency panel of the mobile and internet firms body iamai today said finance minister arun jaitley's words about virtual currency have been misinterpreted and misreported.
it said that extrapolating the meaning of an asset not being 'legal tender' as 'illegal' is irresponsible.
the blockchain and cryptocurrency committee (bacc) of iamai is happy that the finance minister has recognised the importance and popularity of cryptocurrency and has chosen to talk about it on budget day.
as far as the exact content of what he said, we are neutral-to-positive about it.
however, we are pained to see his words being misinterpreted and misreported, the internet & mobile association of india (iamai) said in a statement.
the iamai panel said that during the question hour in rajya sabha on january 2, 2018, the finance minister had made the exact same point, where he stated that, 'bitcoins or such cryptocurrencies are not legal tender' and this has been the position taken by almost all governments around the world.
we regard this statement quite neutrally.
it is our understanding that only currency notes and coins are legal tenders.
that doesn't make any comment on the 'illegality' of other assets.
it must be emphasised that gold, stocks, bonds, and other such assets are also not 'legal tender'.
to extrapolate that to mean that such assets are 'illegal' is irresponsible, the statement said.
among cryptocurrencies, bitcoin has emerged as one of the most preferred digital currencies and is also accepted by many firms as payment for their product or services.
the rate of bitcoin has seen a high level of volatility.
last month, it was trading for over rs 14 lakh a unit.
the price has dropped significantly since then and is now trading below rs 5 lakh a unit.
the iamai panel statement said that every citizen and business in this country should play their role in eliminating financing of illegitimate activities, regardless of whether such financing is done using legal tender, cryptocurrency, gold, or any other medium.
the panel appreciated the stance of the government and said it wants to wholeheartedly support the government in a move to check use of cryptocurrency for illegitimate activities.
our members already maintain a no-compromise approach to kyc (know your customer) and aml (anti-money laundering) processes.
we encourage the government to work with our members, as we are committed to detect, report, and eliminate suspicious transactions in pretty much the same way as other institutions do.
this will also generate confidence in our banking partners, the statement said.
the iamai panel said that it will support government's position to eliminate the use of crypto-assets as part of the payment system.
when a platform as significant as the union budget speech mentions cryptocurrencies, it is clear that the sector is coming of age.
we welcome this positive development, and see it as an important milestone in the journey to policy- clarity and consumer-education, the statement said.
new delhi: rbi deputy governor s s mundra today said public sector banks may require more than the budgeted rs 10,000 crore capital infusion from the government in the current fiscal on account of higher provisioning for bad loans and haircut on stressed assets.
i think the finance minister has always been mentioning that if there is a need, we will find resources, he said on the sidelines of an event organised by assocham.
the process of npa resolution and capitalisation are closely associated, mundra said, adding that, it appears banks may need additional capitalisation post the exercise.
asked about the quantum of haircut to be taken by banks for resolution of stressed assets, mundra said: there is no question of maximum or minimum haircut.
haircuts have to be taken depending on need and requirement (for resolution).
various solutions may emerge as part of insolvency process, he said.
it could be merger, restructuring and haircut, or provisioning may be required depending on the structure which is finally adopted under the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc), he said.
mundra also said the balancesheet cleaning exercise could lead to increase in provision.
quite possible.
to believe that all this (cleaning) can happen without additional provisioning would be too optimistic.
i would strongly say we should be realistic rather than pessimistic or optimistic, he said.
earlier this week, the rbi identified 12 stressed accounts each having more than rs 5,000 crore of outstanding loans and accounting for 25 per cent of total npas for immediate referral for resolution under the bankruptcy law.
when asked about the names of the 12 accounts, he said, internal advisory committee (iac), comprising a majority of its independent board members, will come out with the list at an appropriate time.
the banking sector is saddled with non-performing assets (npas) of over rs 8 lakh crore, of which rs 6 lakh crore is with public sector banks (psbs).
on consolidation, mundra said, it is purely a commercial decision and once the decision is taken it will reach the regulator for approval.
i think these are business decisions which are to be taken by respective bank managements, owners.
at right point of time where it needs review by the regulator, it will come.
rbi comes into the picture much later, he said.
as per the scheme, public sector banks need to raise rs 1.
10 lakh crore from markets, including follow-on public offer, to meet basel iii requirements, which kick in from march 2019.
this will be over the rs 70,000 crore that banks will get as capital support from the government.
of this, the government has already infused rs 50,000 crore in the past two fiscals and the remaining will be pumped in by the end of 2018-19.
by ptinew delhi: the congress on saturday hit back at the bjp over its claim that it had acted against economic offenders such as vijay mallya, saying its government is claiming credit for everything as if those happened after it assumed office in 2014.
in response to a question while speaking at a press conference, congress spokesperson pawan khera said that going by the bjp's credit seeking claims, india would be celebrating its fifth birthday on may 26, 2019.
the party leader also alleged that vijay mallya met finance minister arunjaitley and sought his permission before fleeing the country.
if bjp is taking credit for declaring mallya a feo (fugitive economic offender), then let them take credit as they are taking credit for everything from mangalyaan, chandrayan, pokhran one to pokhran 2 (nuclear tests).
.
.
we should be celebrating india's 5th birthday on may 26, 2019.
bjp feels that everything happened after its government came to power in 2014, he said.
in a press briefing earlier in the day, bjp spokesperson sambit patra had said the law was brought in by the present nda government to ensure that absconders such as mallya are brought to justice.
khera alleged that bjp had taken credit for everything since it took oath in 2014.
a special court in mumbai saturday declared absconding liquor baron vijay mallya a fugitive economic offender on a plea of the enforcement directorate.
mallya met a minister, sought his blessings and permission and left for london.
i am sure they were getting updates on it.
we all know.
.
.
what happened and how it happened.
in fact, a certain bjp minister recently even said that mallya was not a fugitive and not committed any fraud.
when mallya himself said that he left after meeting arunjaitley , sought his permission, so what else is there to say, said congress spokesperson pawan khera.
mallya has become the first businessman to be declared an feo under the provisions of the new fugitive economic offenders act which came into existence in august last year.
the ed had requested the prevention of money laundering act (pmla) court that mallya, who is currently in the uk, be declared a fugitive and his properties be confiscated and brought under the control of the union government as per the provisions of the new feo act.
special judge ms azmi declared mallya an feo under section 12 of the act after hearing extensive arguments from the lawyer of mallya and the ed counsel.
mallya, accused of defaulting on loan repayments and money laundering, had left india in march 2016.
new delhi: india has posted the world's fastest growth rate for a large economy in the september quarter, yet that offered cold comfort after misery inflicted by the government's shock move to remove high denomination banknotes from circulation.
gross domestic product (gdp) data released on wednesday showed asia's third-largest economy expanded by 7.
3 percent on year between july and september, faster than a provisional 7.
1 percent growth in the previous quarter.
economists polled by reuters had expected a 7.
5 percent expansion in the quarter.
farm output grew 3.
3 percent year-on-year during the quarter, faster than 1.
8 percent in the quarter through june.
manufacturing slowed in the september quarter, posting an annual growth of 7.
1 percent compared with 9.
1 percent in the previous quarter.
india's growth rate overtook china in 2015 and has stayed ahead, thanks to reforms and stimulus undertaken by prime minister narendra modi since he swept to power 2-1/2 years ago.
but modi's decision this month to scrap 500 rupee and 1,000 rupee banknotes as part of a crackdown on tax dodgers and counterfeiters has removed 86 percent of the currency in circulation virtually overnight.
in india, most people are paid in cash, and buy what they need with cash.
the government's shock therapy has left companies, farmers and households suffering.
economists agree the economy will take a hit this quarter and for several quarters to follow.
but how bad depends on who is talking.
finance minister arunjaitley expects the cash crunch to have a minor impact lasting for a quarter or two.
private economists, however, reckon the impact would be felt through 2018.
the most optimistic forecasts suggest that india will finish this fiscal year in march with a respectable, but slightly lower, growth rate of 7.
3 percent.
but the most pessimistic forecast, from mumbai-based brokerage ambit capital, for a precipitous drop to 3.
5 percent growth shows just how worried people are.
by ptinew delhi: the congress friday alleged that demonetisation was a scam to convert black money to white and asked the bjp to declare who is responsible for the economic loss caused by the modi government's move.
congress' chief spokesperson randeep surjewala said prime minister narendra modi had called the demonetisation disaster an economic revolution and had given tackling black money, counterfeit currency, terrorism and naxalism as reasons for the move.
none of the stated objectives of the government were achieved, the congress leader said.
he cited a reserve bank of india report to state that over 99 per cent of the demonetised currency has been deposited in banks.
the bjp should now state that who is responsible for the economic loss caused by demonetisation, surjewala said in a statement.
demonetisation was a scam to convert black money into white, he alleged.
surjewala's remarks come a day after the second anniversary of demonetisation.
earlier in the day, youth congress members accompanied by senior party leaders friday staged a protest against demonetisation outside the rbi office here and were detained by police.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arunjaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahul gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
5 million jobs and 1 per cent of india's gdp.
jaitley said demonetisation resulted in the formalisation of the economy and increased tax base.
the bjp also posed 10 questions to the congress, asking why its finds merit in protesting every anti-corruption measure of the modi government and accused it of living in denial despite a surge in gdp numbers.
new delhi: the process of filing nominations for the july 17 presidential poll began today with the election commission (ec) issuing a notification in this regard.
nominations will be open until june 28.
the ruling nda and the loosely knit opposition parties have intensified efforts to zero in on a mutually acceptable presidential candidate.
but consensus may be elusive.
after prolonged silence on the issue, bjp chief amit shah earlier this week constituted a three-member committee -- comprising rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu -- which will hold consultations with nda constituents and opposition parties on the issue.
leaders of opposition parties will hold their own meeting this afternoon to try to come up with a consensus candidate.
the 10-member sub-group of the opposition is meeting for the first time since its constitution recently.
sources said opposition leaders will try and come out with some possible names for the pesidential candidate.
in a bid to ensure that non-serious candidates do not file nomination for the prestigious election, the law was amended a few years ago.
now, any candidate who is supported by 50 electors and seconded by another 50 can file nomination papers.
elected members of the lok sabha and the rajya sabha and elected members of state legislative assemblies are the electors.
in case both nda and the opposition field their own candidates the election results will be announced on july 20.
the term of the present incumbent pranab mukherjee comes to an end on july 24.
by express news servicenew delhi/ srinagar: opposition parties appeared to back prime minister narendra modis resolve to take retaliatory action against terrorists and their supporters when they resolved to back the governments efforts to fight terrorism and defend the unity and integrity of india.
the entire nation speaks in one voice to express its determination to fight these challenges.
today, we stand united in solidarity with our security forces in fighting terrorism and in defending the unity and integrity of india, the resolution passed at the end of an all-party meeting on saturday said.
senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad said: we stand with the government for the unity and security of the nation and the security forces.
.
.
the congress gives its full support to the government in the fight against terrorism.
the meeting called by home minister rajnath singh was attended by azad, anand sharma and jyotiraditya scindia of the congress, sudip bandopadhyay and derek o brien of the trinamool congress, sanjay raut of the shiv sena, d raja of the left, farooq abdullah of the national conference among others.
intelligence agencies, in the meantime, are learnt to have identified the mastermind of the attack as pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed commander rasheed ghazi.
ghazi, said to be in his late twenties, entered kashmir two months ago through kupwara.
agencies believe ghazi, an ied expert, trained adil ahmad dar, the suicide bomber.
meanwhile, modi reiterated his governments resolve at a rally in maharashtra.
the terrorist groups no matter where they hide, they will be punished.
security forces have been told to decide the fate of terrorists who attacked our jawans in pulwama, he said.
meanwhile, india got support from the united states when its national security adviser john bolton called indian counterpart ajit doval and recognized indias right to self-defence against cross-border terrorism.
bolton offered all assistance to india to bring the perpetrators and backers of the attack to justice.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today exuded confidence that there will be no more fiscal slippages as the financial position is likely to be comfortable from the next fiscal.
he added that at this stage he was not worried about any slippages on the fiscal front.
.
.
.
as far as fiscal situation is concerned, i see next year to be more comfortable as far as revenues are concerned.
i cannot see at this stage that there would be any slippages, he said.
the finance minister in budget 2018-19 projected a higher fiscal deficit of 3.
5 per cent of the gdp for the current fiscal, as against the target of 3.
2 per cent, on account of gst implementation and deferment of spectrum auction.
the fiscal deficit or gap between total expenditure and revenues has been pegged at 3.
3 per cent for the next fiscal as against the fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) act mandate of 3 per cent.
with regard to the budget proposal of fixing the minimum support price (msp) of kharif crops at least 1.
how to implement this and what impact it can have on farmers, commodity prices and export competitiveness, all these issues were discussed.
it was an academic discussion, he said.
with regard to long-term capital gains tax, the finance minister said it was not part of this meeting but was discussed in sebi's board meeting.
asked about the rate transmission by the banks, patel said one of the banks reduced its marginal cost of funds-based lending rate (mclr) two days ago.
in terms of transmission if you measure since the easing cycle started by mpc and you compare the mclr now actually there has been good transmission.
actually what happened was that transmission came late and i must admit that some of the transmission came after demonetisation because we had a financial intermediation taking place in the system, he said.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley friday dubbed allegations on the rafale jet deal as fiction writing that compromised national security, after the supreme court dismissed the pleas challenging the deal between india and france for procurement of 36 rafale jets.
buoyed by the verdict, defence minister nirmala sitharaman, who addressed a press conference along with arunjaitley said the matter of rafale deal has been put to rest through the apex court's order.
jaitley said every figure cited by gandhi in his allegations has been false.
he said the government would again press for a debate on the issue in parliament.
he claimed that there has been a tradition in democracies across the world of leaders quitting their positions when their lies are caught.
rafale deal has protected both security and commercial interest of india.
to a question about the congress demand of joint parliamentary probe (jpc) into the deal, he said only judicial body can carry out such an investigation as there has been experience in the past of jpcs working on partisan lines.
the sc verdict is conclusive and leaves no scope of any doubt on the deal, he said.
in relief to the modi government, the supreme court friday dismissed the pleas challenging the deal between india and france for procurement of 36 rafale jets saying there was no occasion to really doubt the decision making process warranting setting aside of the contract.
the apex court rejected the pleas seeking lodging of an fir and the court-monitored probe alleging irregularities in the rs 58,000 crore deal, in which both the countries have entered into an inter-governmental agreement (iga).
new delhi: on a day when the bjp showed canine astuteness to cobble up numbers to form governments in goa and manipur by taking recourse to almost all options, which included shuffling defence minister manohar parrikar from new delhi to panjim, prime minister narendra modi talked of a new india on the anvil after the scale of verdict in states' polls given by the people.
while the prime minister spoke of sarvamat (consensus) even while the bjp has been given bahumat (majority), the party chief sought to translate his saturday claim of forming government in four states with speed and astuteness which apparently caught the opposition napping.
the parliamentary board meeting, which concluded late in the evening on sunday, feted the prime minister and the party chief for historical victory of the saffron outfit in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, besides getting numbers to attempt forming government in goa and manipur.
the meeting was preceded by a roadshow by the prime minister and an address to the party workers on the lawns of the 11, ashoka road bjp headquarter.
commending bjp's journey to the largest political outfit in the world, modi recalled the contributions of former chiefs of the party -- atal bihari vajpayee, l k advani and kushabhao thakre.
calling upon the political pundits to introspect apparently for having failed in anticipation of the verdict, modi, while noting the dawn of a new india, stated that his government would seek to blend the talent and hard work of the poor with the aspirations of the middle class.
while commending his government to development, modi reiterated his vision for 2022.
noting that we can make mistake, but our intentions are never wrong, the prime minister in a moment of apparent patting own back claimed that it was a big honour when others ask, why do you work so much.
while the bjp national general secretary ram madhav and assam minister hemant bisse sharma spearheaded the campaign to wrest the power in imphal with the bjp chief coordinated actions through phone, similar moves unfolded in panji.
union minister nitin gadkari took the go-ahead from the prime minister, shah and the parliament board to shuffle parrikar back to panaji to lead a rainbow combination of smaller parties to form the government in goa.
parrikar, sources said, would resign after getting the invitation from the governor to form the government.
meanwhile, the parliamentary board has designated union minister m venkaiah naidu and party general secretary bhupinder yadav as central observers for up legislature party meeting on march 16 to elect leader, who would become the chief minister.
union minister.
ns tomar and senior party leader saroj pandey have been designated as observers for uttarakhand.
union minister piyush goyal and party general secretary vinay sahashrabuddhe would be observers for manipur, informed union minister jp nadda late on sunday night.
the parliamentary board, nadda said, has authorised the bjp chief to decide names of chief ministers for up, uttarakhand, goa and manipur.
the parliamentary board meeting was attended by union ministers rajnath singh, m venkaiah naidu, arunjaitley , ananth kumar, besides senior leaders of the party.
new delhi: with states and centre set to meet this week to chalk out jurisdiction over assessees under gst, a majority of states, including kerala, west bengal and delhi, are sticking to their stand of sole control over entities with turnover below rs 1.
5 crore.
kerala finance minister thomas issac today said that a vertical division of assessees for collection of taxes and for the purpose of audit would create problems for small taxpayers.
kerala, bengal, tamil nadu, bihar, delhi, odisha.
.
.
majority of states want a combination of vertical and horizontal (dual control structure).
below rs 1.
5 (crore turnover), states should tax, above rs 1.
5 crore, it can be vertical division, issac said.
after nailing a four-tier rate structure of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent, the gst council at its meeting on november 4 failed to reach a consensus on which category of assessees would be governed by the centre and which by states.
the finance ministers of states will now informally meet union finance minister arunjaitley on november 20 to evolve a political consensus on the sticky issue.
the next meeting of the gst council, headed by arunjaitley , is scheduled for november 24-25.
differences on the issue of cross empowerment to avoid dual control arose with states demanding control over 11 lakh service tax assessees, and centre proposing to do away states having exclusive control over all dealers up to an annual revenue threshold of rs 1.
5 crore  an issue which was settled in the first meeting of the gst council.
the council has arrived at an option of two proposals--horizontal division and vertical division.
'horizontal division' would mean taxpayers would be divided both for administrative and audit purposes based on a cut off turnover.
those with a turnover over rs 1.
5 crore would be administered both by the centre and states, while those with below rs 1.
5 crore would be administered solely by the states.
'vertical division' based on ratios assigns taxpayers to a tax administration, centre or state, for a period of three years for all purposes including audit.
taxpayers could be divided in a ratio which would balance the interest of the centre and the state, both with respect to revenue and spread of numbers.
according to sources, the centre thinks that horizontal division would be lopsided as 93 per cent of service tax assessees and 85 per cent of vat taxpayers have a turnover below rs 1.
5 crore.
indian passengers use 1000 and 500 rupee notes to purchase rail tickets at allahabad railway station.
( file photo | afp)new delhi: the government has warned that the cash deposits above rs. 2.
5 lakh threshold under the 50-day window could attract tax plus a 200 percent penalty if the cash deposited in bank accounts doesn't match with income declared.
we would be getting reports of all cash deposited during november 10th to december 30th, 2016, above a threshold of rs. 2.
5 lakhs in every account.
the department would do matching of this with income returns filled by depositors and suitable action may follow, revenue secretary hashmukh adhia said.
penalty of 200 percent of the tax payable would be levied if the cash deposited in bank accounts doesn't match with income declared, he added.
any mismatch with income declared by the account holder will be treated as a case of tax evasion.
the revenue secretary further stated that small businessmen, workers need not worry about small amount of deposits up to rs.1.
5 or two lakh since it would be below taxable income.
he also said that persons buying jewellery have to provide the pan number.
to buy jewellery one has to give his pan number; instructions have been issued to check with all jewellers to ensure that this isn't compromised.
action will be taken against those jewellers who fail to take pan numbers from such buyers, adhia said.
depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation, said jaitley.
if the money is legitimate which had been previously withdrawn from bank or earned legally and saved and had been disclosed, there is nothing to worry about, he told dd.
the finance minister further said that housewives and farmers with genuine savings need not worry about depositing cash in their bank accounts.
the small amounts that people will deposit like rs 25,000, 30,000 or 50,000 lying in house for expenses, or whatever money could be there for meeting normal expenses should not worry, he said.
they can go to banks, he added.
the minister further said the government's move will promote more and more digital transactions.
the decision would bring more transactions under tax net and both direct and indirect taxes would move up.
reduction in parallel economy would increase the size of formal economy, he added.
as many as 6.
86 crore i-t returns have been filed this year and the number is expected to go up to 7.
6 crore before the present government completes its five year term, he said.
3.
8 crore people filed i-t returns in 2014 when the nda government came to power.
there are 25-26 crore families here.
india's normal rate of growth is 7.
5-8 per cent and the country will continue to grow at this rate, despite some deviation in one or two quarters, he said.
oil prices are a drag.
india can continue to grow at the same pace for two decades, but we need mature leadership for that, the minister said.
the indian economy grew at 6.
7 per cent in 2017-18 fiscal.
in the april-june and july-september quarters of the current financial year, the gdp expanded by 8.
2 per cent and 7.
1 per cent respectively.
jaitley said india has the capacity to grow at least 5 per cent more than the average growth rate of the rest of the world.
fitch ratings in its global economic outlook thursday forecast global gdp growth at 3.
3 per cent for 2018.
india, it said, will grow at 7.
2 per cent in the current fiscal ending march 2019.
by ptinew delhi: the government sunday said reports on the deteriorating health of outgoing finance minister arunjaitley are false and baseless, and media should stay clear of rumour mongering.
amid speculations on the state of jaitley's health, government spokesperson sitanshu kar took to twitter to clear the air.
reports in a section of media regarding union minister shri arun jaitley's health condition are false and baseless.
media is advised to stay clear of rumour mongering, he tweeted.
while arunjaitley remained unreachable despite several attempts, his office said he is resting at home.
sources aware of his condition had on friday stated that arunjaitley is unlikely to be part of prime minister narendra modi's cabinet in the bjp government's second term due to his ill health, which may require him to travel to either the uk or the us for treatment.
jaitley, 66, has become very weak, they had said.
he was admitted to aiims last week to undergo tests and treatment for an undisclosed illness and was discharged on thursday but did not attend celebrations at bjp headquarters that evening after the party's emphatic victory in general elections.
jaitley's college friend and media baron rajat sharma too took to twitter to dispel rumours.
everyone is discussing my friend @arunjaitley's health, some out of genuine concern and some for loose talk.
let me share with you that i met him last evening, he is recovering well and is working behind the scenes.
friends and family have convinced him to stay away from public interaction to avoid infection.
i am glad he has finally agreed.
doctors treating him have advised him to go to the uk or the us for treatment, sources said.
jaitley, whose health has been on a decline ever since he underwent a kidney transplant in may last year, will take a call in the next few days on the issue.
he has not attended office for the last three weeks and has rarely been seen in public.
he, however, has been writing blogs and tweeted on modi's victory thursday.
he neither attended the cabinet meeting called friday that recommended dissolution of the 16th lok sabha, nor the saturday meeting of the bjp parliamentary party that elected modi as its leader.
sources said that he, however, met all the five secretaries in his ministries at his residence on friday in what was described as a routine meeting.
a lawyer by profession, he has been the most important leader in modi's cabinet and has often acted as the chief troubleshooter for the government.
he had undergone surgery in the us on january 22 for a reported soft tissue cancer in his left leg, an illness that deprived him from presenting the modi government's sixth and final budget of its current term.
railway and coal minister piyush goyal was the stand-in finance minister who presented the interim budget for 2019-20.
jaitley had returned to india on february 9 after undergoing skin grafting.
he is believed to had undergone some kind of a medical procedure again when he last month visited the us to attend the imf-world bank group spring meetings.
jaitley had undergone renal transplant on may 14 last year at aiims, new delhi, with goyal filling in for him at that time too.
jaitley, who had stopped attending office since early april 2018, was back in the finance ministry on august 23, 2018.
earlier in september 2014, he underwent bariatric surgery to correct the weight he had gained because of a long-standing diabetic condition.
jaitley has written separate but identical letters to andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu and his telangana counterpart k chandrasekhar rao in this regard.
the constitution (122nd amendment) bill, 2014 is required to be ratified by the legislatures of not less than half of the states before it is presented to the president of india for assent.
when assented to by the president, the bill will be enacted as the constitution (101st amendment) act, 2016, arunjaitley said in letters to naidu and rao.
he wanted the two states to ratify it, if necessary, by convening a special session of the legislatures.
the target date for introduction of gst has been set as april 1, 2017.
for introducing the goods and services tax in the country, after amendment of the constitution, a set of two enabling legislations will need to be enacted by parliament and one enabling legislation will need to be enacted by all state legislatures for implementation of gst.
these legal, administrative and infrastructural changes could only be put in place after the constitution has been suitably amended, the finance minister said.
hence, to ensure gst is implemented in the country at the appointed date, it is imperative that the constitution (122nd amendment) bill, 2014 is ratified by your state legislature(s) at the earliest, arunjaitley added.
in the letters, he listed the salient features of the gst and the proposed gst council.
it is also proposed the union government shall compensate the states for any revenue losses caused to them on account of implementation of gst for a period of five years.
introduction of gst will be one of the most important economic reforms in the country.
gst seeks to subsume many indirect taxes at the central and state level.
gst will simplify and harmonise the indirect tax regime.
by ptinew delhi: the sale of first batch of electoral bonds will take place from march 1-10 at designated branches of state bank of india, the finance ministry said today.
the government had notified the electoral bond scheme on january 2 this year.
as per provisions of the scheme, a person, who is a citizen of india or an entity incorporated/established in india can purchase electoral bonds.
sbi has been allowed to issue and encash electoral bonds initially at its four authorised branches.
the bonds will be sold at main branches of sbi in four metro cities -- new delhi, mumbai, kolkata and chennai.
the first issue of the scheme will be opened in march 2018 in place of january 2018 for the first quarter of 2018.
accordingly, the first sale of electoral bonds will commence from march 1, 2018 for a period of 10 days i.
e.
up to march 10, 2018, the ministry said in a statement.
as per the scheme, announced by finance minister arunjaitley in budget 2017-18, only registered political parties, which have secured not less than 1 per cent of the votes polled in the last election of the lok sabha or legislative assembly of the state, will be eligible to receive electoral bonds.
the bond shall be encashed by an eligible political party only through a bank account with the authorised bank, the ministry said, adding that a person being an individual can buy electoral bonds, either singly or jointly, with other individuals.
the electoral bonds are being pitched as an alternative to cash donations made to political parties and bring transparency in political funding.
an electoral bond will be valid for 15 days from the date of issue.
no payment would be made to any payee political party if the bond is deposited after expiry of the validity period.
the bond deposited by any eligible political party into its account would be credited on the same day.
by ptinew delhi: the supreme court friday dismissed a pil raising allegations against finance minister arunjaitley relating to capital reserve of the reserve bank of india.
the apex court also imposed a cost of rs 50,000 on advocate m l sharma, who had filed the public interest litigation (pil).
we find no reason whatsoever to entertain this pil, said a bench comprising chief justice ranjan gogoi and justcie s k kaul.
sharma had accused the finance minister of plundering the capital reserve of the rbi.
the bench also directed the apex court registry not to allow sharma to file any pil till he deposits rs 50,000.
the top court imposed the cost as the advocate continued with the argument after the dismissal of the pil.
the chief justice warned him not to continue with the submissions, saying cost will be imposed if he was unable to satisfy the court.
the apex court expressed displeasure that the advocate made the finance minister as the main party in the pil.
the bench said: what is this pil?
you cannot go on with such misadventure.
what exactly is this?
you are saying the finance minister is plundering the capital reserve of the rbi.
we don't subscribe to such plea and picking up on people.
you are not bringing honour to this institution.
why do we permit you to go ahead with this pil.
the advocate had also alleged interference by the centre in the functioning of the reserve bank.
he submitted that the finance minister favoured waiving loan of up to 55,000 crore given by the psu banks to prominent corporates who have been giving donations to a particular party.
the lawyer said that previously receiving donations from foreign companies was a criminal offence but later the centre and the finance minister brought amendments in the provisions of foreign contribution regulation act to permit such donations.
new delhi congress vice president rahul gandhi addresses newsmen at parliament house after opposition parties protest against the government s move to demonetise high tender notesnew delhi: the opposition parties will launch a country wide protest aakrosh diwas on november 28 over the bjp-led nda regimes demonetisation move.
this comes as the deadlock continues in parliament with the government refusing to agree to a discussion in the lok sabha that ends in a vote.
the ruling dispensation has also rejected the opposition's demand that prime minister narendra modi speak in the rajya sabha, where the government is in a minority.
the government today accused the opposition parties of creating contempt of parliament by not allowing the debate on demonetisation and said that prime minister modi has taken this radical, bold and revolutionary step of fighting against corruption and black money in the interest of the nation.
you have not been allowing the debate to take place, you have been asking for the presence of the prime minister.
he came as per his responsibilities.
you dont allow the debate to go on.
what is the explanation you give to the people of the country?
secondly, you are now saying that ten parties have come together.
what is your strength?
what is you mandate of the people?
where do you stand?
he asked.
naidu said the ruling bjp at the centre is a protector of the poor of the country.
keeping in view the interest of the poor and the middle-class and the lower middle-class, the prime minister has taken this radical, bold, revolutionary step of fighting against corruption and black money.
this is a crusade against corruption and black money, the entire country is happy about it, he added.
naidu, however, admitted that there are some problems, which are being attended and addressed.
the parliament was today adjourned for the day following uproar over demonetisation issue.
when the house reassembled at noon after the first adjournment, the opposition members including congress, tmc, left and rjd demanded discussion on the issue under relevant rule which entails voting.
a united opposition today staged a protest in front of mahatma gandhis statue in parliament against the demonetisation of high value currency notes.
the major parties which participated in the protest are congress, bsp, jd(u), tmc, aiadmk, ncp, left, rjd and the samajwadi party.
the mps raised slogans and displayed posters against demonetisation.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi later told the media that prime minister modi must come to parliament and address the members over the governments decision to demonetise high value currency notes.
asserting that economy has been affected by the step, gandhi demanded the setting up of a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) to probe the alleged selective leakage of the decision.
he said that finance minister arunjaitley and the chief economic advisor were not even consulted by prime minister modi before considering the decision.
jaitley made this point replying to the debate in the rajya sabha on the insolvency and bankruptcy code amendment bill, 2017, in response to concerns raised by members regarding the percentage of haircut creditors, including banks, would need to take to resolve the issue of their non-performing assets (npas), or bad loans.
a haircut signifies lenders accepting a lower than market value for the asset in question for a resolution of the npa.
ultimately, it is the creditors who will decide who a viable bidder is, the finance minister said regarding proposed amendments to the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc) which seek to plug potential loopholes and prohibit certain categories such as wilful defaulters from submitting resolution plans to let them take charge of the bankrupt company through a bidding process.
the committee of creditors is not expected to accept each and every bid.
any bid that is not viable will be rejected by the creditors, he said.
jaitley said that of the various types of cases that have come up before the insolvency and bankruptcy board (ibbi), the asset owning companies would not find it difficult to attract bidders.
the difficulties in resolving this legacy issue of npas that have accumulated to cross the staggering level of rs 8.
5 lakh crore arise in cases where the bankrupt companies are of the trading or engineering, procurement and construction (epc) which either have low recoverables or function quite asset-light, he added.
however, you cannot have a situation where the promoters responsible for the npas in the first place come in through the back door to take over the company again.
.
.
so it was necessary to have an ineligibility criteria, he said, elaborating on the reasons for the amendments.
the bill seeks to replace an ordinance promulgated in november.
among other disqualifications, it seeks to bar those with a reserve bank-recognised npa of a certain duration from participating in resolution process.
the ibc, being implemented by the corporate affairs ministry, became operational in december 2016 and provides for a time-bound insolvency resolution process.
jaitley had told the lok sabha last week that banks and creditors would need to take a haircut on their bad loans, even as defaulting promoters could make their businesses operational again by paying the outstanding interest on the loan.
the changes in the ibc are expected to help streamline the process of selecting buyers for stressed assets.
for instance, the code does not specify the type of buyers who can bid for stressed assets of companies that are undergoing bankruptcy proceedings.
certain people prohibited from submitting the resolution plan include wilful defaulters, disqualified directors, promoters or management of the defaulting company or any person who has indulged in these activities abroad.
according to the american rating agency s&p-owned crisil, indian banks will need to take a haircut of up to 60 per cent on their bad loans to resolve the issue of npas, which is holding up higher economic growth.
the government has embarked on a two-pronged strategy in this regard.
on the one hand, it has brought in the insolvency and bankruptcy code which provides for a time-bound insolvency resolution process.
on the other hand, last year it has approved a rs 2.
11 lakh crore recapitalisation plan for state-run banks.
by express news servicevijayawada: stating that the tdp is resorting to false propaganda against the bjp, national in-charge of mahila morcha d purandeswari said the centre is committed to implement the ap reorganisation act, 2014, in its letter and spirit.
she sought to know where the funds released by the union government for various projects in the capital region have gone as there is no visible progress.
speaking to reporters here on friday, the former union minister said special category status (scs) ceased to exist after the recommendations made by the 14th finance commission.
the industrial incentives are being given by the department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp) to the states, which had scs prior to the 14th finance commission recommendations.
the centre agreed to extend the incentives till 2027 upon the request of those governments as suddenly scrapping the scs, based on which those states had already made commitments, would affect the industrial growth there.
this is the case.
there is no scs anywhere in the country, she explained.
however, purandeswari refrained from making any critical remarks against chief minister chandrababu naidu.
she said that the centre announced a special package to extend all the benefits of scs to ap.
and yet, we are being blamed.
people should remember that tdps ys chowdary was with finance minister arunjaitley when the latter announced the special package.
this shows that even the tdp was happy with the package.
but, now it has changed its stand, she observed.
purandeswari said industry incentives are not part of scs, and that seven districts in ap already have been given those sops.
i, in fact, believe, kia motors, which came up in anantapur, is also using those incentives, she said.
furthermore, the state government is yet to submit utilisation certificates for the funds released, the bjp leader said.
when pointed out that naidu had shown documents regarding submission of ucs, she said, then it is just a case of miscommunication between the centre and the state, which the officials will clear.
in a clarification to the claims of the yellow brigade regarding poor budgetary allocations to andhra pradesh, purandeswari said, the centre never said that it would not release funds or that it would not implement the provisions of apra, 2014.
the funds will be released as and when there is a progress.
in fact, the centre provided assistance to the state for roads, housing, neeru-chettu, chandranna bima, 24-hour power supply and other initiatives.
she said the state bjp leaders would seek funds from the centre if the state government gave details of the lapses, if any.
by iansnew delhi: withdrawing a cumulative rs 10 lakh a year can attract 3-5 per cent tax if a proposal going around in the finance ministry takes shape in the budget to track high-value cash deals and make digital payments mandatory.
in its push towards a digital economy, the central government is thinking of introducing a tax of 3-5 per cent on cash withdrawal of rs 10 lakh in a year, a move to discourage cash usage in the economy and resultant black money.
paying rs 30,000-50,000 for rs 10 lakh annual withdrawal will be seen as a loss, the government thinks and feels this will discourage large cash transactions.
official sources said discussions have been held internally on the fallout of such a move and the tax figure is still being discussed though it won't be less than 5 per cent, said sources adding 3-5 per cent is an appropriate figure.
also read: india has 597 atms less in 2019 than 2017 - rbi reportas a step towards this, earlier this week, the reserve bank of india waived the fee currently imposed on banks for using its neft/rtgs payment servers.
the central government also said it was setting up a panel to review charges imposed by banks on atm withdrawals.
rbi said it was doing so to boost digital transactions.
another source was quoted as saying, why should someone withdraw over rs 10 lakh for cash transactions when digital payments are being encouraged?
.
it may be noted that just last week, rbi scrapped neft and rtgs transfer charges and the central bank is also reviewing the charges on cards as well.
the proposal is at a discussion level but has found favour for being a step towards a digital economy and tracking transactions.
sources said this is a global practice.
even in pakistan a withdrawal of more than rs 50,000 attracts such a tax.
during 2005-2008, the upa government imposed tax on withdrawals of more than rs 50,000 from current accounts for detection of unaccounted money in the absence of alternative methods.
this tax was applicable only on cash and not on payment by cheques.
also read: budget may consider sops to msme export unitsduring 2015, when the greek economy was on the verge of bankruptcy, millions of panicked citizens completely cleared their accounts by pulling more than 28 billion euros out of banks and pushing the total cash revenue held in the country's financial institutions to a 10-year low.
a high-level committee on digital payments in 2017, headed by chandrababu naidu, the then chief minister of andhra pradesh, had suggested a tax to discourage cash transactions, a cap on the maximum allowable limit for large-size cash transactions and a complete abolition of charges on card payments to incentivise digital transactions.
the committee had submitted the report to prime minister narendra modi.
it had suggested considering levy of banking cash transaction tax (bctt) on transactions of rs 50,000 and above.
to combat this greek banks proposed taxing cash withdrawals and requiring use of debit and credit cards for all transactions in order to prevent tax evasion.
a surcharge for all cashpoint withdrawals was introduced approximately amounting to 1 euro for every 1,000-euro transaction.
it was expected that it would not impact day-to-day withdrawals and will deter citizens from clearing out their bank accounts.
the finance act 2017 prescribed imposing a penalty equal to the transacted amount on those who violated the rule restricting cash transactions.
it provides that no one can deal in cash in excess of rs 2 lakh in a single day, in respect of a single transaction or transactions relating to one event or occasion barring a banking company, post office savings bank and cooperative bank.
to curb large cash transactions and discourage black economy, then finance minister arunjaitley had in the 2017-18 budget proposed to ban transactions of over rs 3 lakh a day.
this limit was lowered to rs 2 lakh through an amendment to the finance bill 2017 that was later passed by parliament.
in another related measure, the finance act said any capital expenditure in cash exceeding rs 10,000 shall not be eligible for claiming depreciation allowance or investment-linked deduction.
similarly, the limit for revenue expenditure in cash has been cut to rs 10,000 from rs 20,000.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday assured the rajya sabha that prime minister narendra modi will participate in the debate on demonetisation.
replying to the opposition demands that prime minister modi should be present in the house during the debate, deputy chairman of rajya sabha p.j. kurien said: how can the prime minister always sit here.
he is also a human being.
the prime minister was present in the rajya sabha to attend the debate on demonetisation till lunch break.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said: the prime minister should be present in the house for the debate to go on.
hitting out at azad, finance minister and leader of the house arunjaitley angrily said: it has become very clear that the opposition doesn't want a debate.
now they are finding different ways to run away from the debate.
now, this is a new method.
the debate should continue.
the prime minister will participate in the debate.
keeping in mind the traditions of the house, the pm will come to the house and participate in the debate, he added.
jaitley added: there is no tradition that if the debate goes on for 15 hours, he will be there for that long.
replying to this, azad said: when they (nda) were in opposition they had demanded that the prime minister should be in the house during the debate on 2g spectrum.
following this, the opposition members trooped to the chairman's podium, only to compel the rajya sabha deputy chairman to adjourn the house till 3 p.
m.
by express news servicevijayawada: congress rajya sabha member kvp ramachandra rao has written a letter to finance minister arunjaitley seeking an inquiry into the irregularities in lic (wages paid in dummy names to temporary workers and discrepancies in regularisation of temporary workers) and do justice to the victims, who mostly belong to sc, st and obc categories.
rao said temporary workers of lic were paid wages in dummy names till july 2011 by machilipatnam, nellore and visakhapatnam divisions of andhra pradesh and warangal and karimnagar divisions in telangana.
he said the facts were included in the inquiry reports of assistant labour commissioner (central), deputy chief labour commissioner (central), cbi and lic zonal vigilance officers.
in fact, the wage payments in the original names of the temporary workers were started only from august 2011 following complaints made by intuc leaders.
he said lic divisions were not implementing the interim orders of the hyderabad high court, in respect of intuc temporary workers belonging to sc, st and obc categories.
temporary workers are being victimised for making complaints and for approaching courts for justice, he said.
the congress leader said temporary workers who have worked for only 85 days from 1985 to 1991 were regularised in 2017 as per supreme court judgment, whereas the intuc workers, who are in similar footing, are not being considered by lic.
he said lic officials of these branches are not sending the correct information to their higher authorities and misguiding the government through the inquiry reports of statutory authorities revealed wage payments in dummy names.
rao requested the finance minister for a detailed inquiry for ensuring justice to the temporary workers.
by ptinew delhi: the government friday said action has been taken against more than 6,000 officers of nationalised banks last fiscal in cases of lapses that led to bad loans.
these include dismissal, compulsory retirement and demotion.
as per the inputs received from nationalised banks, in fy 2017-18, 6,049 officers have been held responsible on account of staff delinquency in npa accounts.
.
.
depending upon the gravity of lapses, the minister said minor penalty/ major penalty have been imposed against erring officials and in all the cases, depending upon the amount involved, cbi and police complaints have been lodged.
the 19 nationalised banks, including pnb and canara bank, reported a net loss of rs 21,388 crore in the first half of the fiscal.
this compares with a combined loss rs 6,861 crore in the similar period of 2017-18.
meanwhile, minister of state for finance shiv pratap shukla said that no loan account of state-owned banks with outstanding of over rs 25 crore has been declared as evergreen since june 2014.
in another written reply to the lower house, shukla said as a result of transparent recognition of bad loans, the non-performing asset (npa) amount of all commercial banks rose from rs 5.
66 lakh crore at end-march 2016 to rs 9.
62 lakh crore at end of march 2018.
since then the amount has declined to rs 9.
43 lakh crore.
he further said the public sector banks have reported a record recovery of rs 60,713 crore in the first half of the current financial year.
by iansunited nations: in a huge diplomatic victory for india and a blow to pakistan, the un security council on wednesday declared jaish-e-mohammad (jem) chief masood azhar as a global terrorist, a move that was being blocked by china for nearly 10 years.
soon after the sanctions committee that deals with al qaida and its affiliates voted on pakistan-based azhar's designation placing him under stringent sanctions that includes a freeze on his assets and travel restrictions, pakistan announced it would comply with the mandate.
the decision of the unsc's 1267 sanctions committee came about two and a half months after the jem carried out the ghastly terror attack in kashmir's pulwama killing 40 crpf personnel, an incident which, however, did not find a mention in the resolution adopted.
india welcomed the decision - which comes while the country is in the middle of the general election - saying it was a step in the right direction to demonstrate the international community's resolve to fight against terrorism and its enablers.
read here | accepted masood azhar's blacklisting on india's fresh evidence: chinaexternal affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said that the action is in accordance with india's position and in line with the information that india has shared with the members of the sanctions committee regarding terrorist activities of azhar and the jem.
india stands vindicated, finance minister arunjaitley tweeted, adding: .
.
.
this marks a high point for the prime minister's (narendra modi's) foreign policy.
china had been blocking azhar's listing despite a strong push by the us, uk and france, saying it did not have enough evidence to brand masood an international terrorist.
it had put a technical hold on the proposal four times, the latest being in march.
after the resolution was adopted, china said it ended its objection after india shared fresh evidence.
after careful study of the revised materials and taking into consideration the opinions of relevant parties concerned, chine does not have an objection to the listing proposal, the chinese foreign ministry said in a statement.
in a sop to pakistan, spokesman geng shuang added that the international community should recognise that pakistan has made enormous contributions to fighting terrorism.
also read | all acts of terror, including pulwama attack, relevant to azhar's listing: official sourcesan indian government official on condition of anonymity, said: it (defending azhar) was increasingly becoming untenable for the chinese.
in islamabad, foreign ministry spokesperson mohammad faisal said that his country will immediately enforce the sanctions, which entails a ban on foreign travel, asset freeze and arms embargo, according to dawn newspaper online.
according to it, faisal said that a consensus was reached - meaning in effect that china agreed to the proposal - after political references and mention of the pulwama attack were removed from it.
this could not be independently verified as the negotiations took place secretly.
the committee said azhar was sanctioned pursuant to him being associated with al-qaida.
it noted that azhar had founded the jem upon his release from prison in india in 1999 in exchange for 155 hostages held on an indian airlines flight that had been hijacked to afghanistan.
azhar has also financially supported the jem since its founding, the committee said while giving reasoning for the action.
read here | 'better late than never': pm modi hails un move to list masood azhar as 'global terrorist'it also pointed out that the un security council had listed the jem on october 17, 2001, as being associated with al qaida, osama bin laden, and the taliban for participating in the financing, planning, facilitating, preparing or perpetrating of acts or activities by, in conjunction with, under the name of, on behalf or in support of, supplying, selling or transferring arms and related materiel to or otherwise supporting acts or activities of al qaida, osama bin laden and the taliban.
azhar is also a former leader of the terrorist group harakat ul-mujahidin /hum, aka harakat ul-ansar; most of these groups' members subsequently joined jem under azhar's leadership, it said.
in 2008, jem recruitment posters contained a call from azhar for volunteers to join the fight in afghanistan against western forces, the statement said.
india's permanent representative to the un syed akbaruddin said the development was a significant outcome for india because we have been at it for several years, noting that the first attempt in this regard was made in 2009 and the goal stands achieved.
akbaruddin expressed gratitude to the many many countries which were supportive of this effort, that is, the usa, uk and france and several countries within the (un security) council and outside the council who came forward without any restraints and supported this indian effort and not tolerating a terrorist.
an indian official, on condition of anonymity, explained that to say that beijing blacklisted azhar under us pressure was not the only factor.
but the americans going about the 1267 committee and circulating their own draft at the un security council would have surely concerned the chinese.
at the security council, the chinese would have had to explain its position if they vetoed the resolution which is not the case at the 1267 committee.
china had indicated on tuesday that it would no more block the resolution, which was initially moved by india, as the foreign ministry spokesperson geng said the relevant consultations at the sanctions committee had made some progress and the issue would be properly resolved.
jem has carried out umpteen terror attacks in india, including the one on parliament on december 13, 2001.
the latest outrageous action by the outfit was in pulwama on february 14, when a suicide bomber of jem rammed his explosive-laden vehicle into a crpf convoy on srinagar-jammu national highway, killing 40 security personnel.
france, which had been vigorously pushing for listing of azhar, immediately welcomed the decision of the 1267 sanctions committee, saying it signals the successful realization of its efforts.
a statement issued by the spokesperson of the french ministry of europe and foreign affairs said for many years now, french diplomacy has been relentlessly pleading for sanctioning azhar, head of the terrorist group responsible, notably, for the pulwama attack last february.
new delhi: the union cabinet will soon take a call on privatisation of loss-making air india with niti aayog suggesting that taxpayers' money being pumped into the airline can instead be used on health and education.
staying afloat on little over rs 30,000 crore bailout package extended by the previous upa regime, air india is working on ways to improve its financial position amid stiff competition.
the civil aviation ministry is already looking into the recommendations made by niti aayog for the national carrier's revival.
finance minister arunjaitley had last week pitched for air india's disinvestment saying the carrier's market share is just around 14 per cent whereas the debt burden is rs 50,000 crore.
a top government official today said the cabinet is expected to take a decision on whether to privatise air india, whose financial situation is very bad.
financial position of air india is very bad.
niti aayog's view is that government should spend money on health, education, instead of spending rs 30,000 crore on air india, the official told pti.
the cabinet will soon take call on privatisation of air india, he added.
while the exact contours of proposed privatisation could not be immediately ascertained, the possibility of strategic stake sale as well as outright disinvestments are being considered.
since the merger of indian airlines with itself, air india has been in the red.
however, it posted an operational profit of rs 105 crore on account of low fuel prices and increased passenger numbers in 2015-16.
on tuesday, the civil aviation ministry said all possible alternatives are being considered to make air india viable, even as it asserted that the clock cannot be put back on the indian airlines merger.
minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha had said whatever that would be done for air india will be in national interest.
we are considering all possible alternatives (for air india).
.
.
we are discussing (what can be) the winning strategy for the airline, he had said.
about air india and indian airlines merger that happened in 2007, which is seen as a reason for the problems of the national carrier, civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju had said the clock cannot be put back on the deal.
also, discussions on disinvestment of air india have gathered momentum at a time when the cbi has registered three firs and a preliminary enquiry (pe) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile upa government with regard to air india, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines.
there was full preparedness.
there was not a single day when rbi had not released adequate currency to banks.
he said rbi has maintained the stock of currency through advance as well as current printing level.
today also rbi has more than adequate stock not only to last them for december 30 but to last them far beyond that, he said.
the currency which got printed might have gone to post offices and from there to banks and again back to currency chest so there could be double counting and scope for inaccuracies.
so we do not want to guess the figures (of currency in circulation), he said.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said the currency situation has considerably improved since november 8 and there is adequate currency with rbi to meet the demand till december 30.
while announcing the demonetising the rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8, prime minister narendra modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit them in banks.
he said notes of rs 500 and rs 2,000 with new design and more security features were being introduced in the market.
the scrapped currency made up for 86 per cent or over rs 15.
45 lakh crore of notes in circulation as on november 8.
before the announcement of demonetisation, the government had already arranged for the printing of 200 crore rs 2,000 notes, or roughly about rs 4 lakh crore in value.
they were the first set of notes to be circulated.
thereafter, a new rs 500 note was introduced and now all the four printing presses of rbi at dewas in madhya pradesh, nashik in maharashtra, salboni in west bengal and mysuru in karnataka are working overtime to replenish the exhausted currencies.
new delhi: the bjp chief amit shah is likely to meet the shiv sena supremo uddhav thackeray during his maharashtra visit beginning friday.
with the shiv sena vocally expressing its views independently on the presidential election, shah is expected to bring the maharashtra ally on board for the july 17 poll.
the shiv sena mouthpiece saamna has also reported that the meeting of the party chief with shah could take place on june 18.
incidentally, shah is embarking on three days visit of the state as part of the campaign of the party to reach out to the people with the three years achievements of the narendra modi led nda government.
the shiv sena has consistently maintained that the rss supremo mohan bhagwat should be announced as the official nominee of the nda for the presidential election.
the bjp takes senas suggestion of bhagwats name for presidential election as mischievous with the intention to provoke the ruling party at the centre.
the bjp chief, however, reportedly enjoys cordial relations with thackeray.
the two leaders had a separate meeting in the national capital on the day of the nda meeting called by the prime minister on the last day of the budget session of parliament.
the bjp and shiv sena have been in a stormy relation since the time of the maharashtra assembly elections when the two parties contested the polls independently.
meanwhile, the bjp panel consisting of union ministers for home affairs rajnath singh, union minister for information and broadcasting m venkaiah naidu and union finance minister arunjaitley is all set to reach out to the congress chief sonia gandhi and the cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury on friday.
naidu had also held talks with the tdp chief and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on the issue of presidential election.
the ap chief minister has reportedly stated that his party would stand by the decision of the prime minister on presidential election.
the bjp leaders are also likely to reach out to the other bjp allies in the coming days, with the party panel slated to meet on sunday.
by ptinew delhi: an estimated 2.
53 lakh central government jobs were generated in the last two years, reveals an examination of union budget 2018-19.
according to the budget documents, presented by finance minister arunjaitley on thursday, the estimated workforce of central government establishments will be 35.
05 lakh as on march 1, 2018.
this is 2.
53 lakh more than the head count of 32.
52 lakh in march 2016.
about 2.
27 lakh jobs are estimated to have been added in central government departments between 2016 and 2017.
an estimated 34.
8 lakh people were working with central government departments as on march 1, 2017, the budget documents say.
though the lion's share of jobs has been added in police departments, the numbers have also gone up in various ministries and departments.
a reading of the budget papers, which gives a sector-wise break-up, details how the numbers stack up.
the budget says, for instance, that the department of agriculture, cooperation and farmers' welfare will add 1,944 jobs by march 1.
its actual strength in 2016 was 3,996.
similarly, about 1,519 new jobs are estimated to have been added by the department of animal husbandry, dairying and fisheries between 2016 and march 2018.
the department's estimated strength on march 1 will be 3,861 against 2,342 in march 2016.
the department of atomic energy is estimated to have added 6,279 jobs between march 1, 2018 and 2016.
its actual strength on march 1, 2016 was 30,639 and it is projected to be 36,918 by next month, the documents say.
the ministry of civil aviation had a strength of 1,145 personnel in 2016 and will add 1,197 jobs by march.
similarly, 3,024 jobs will be added by ministry of culture by next month, against its strength of 7,675 on march 1, 2016.
the home ministry (excluding police force, cabinet and police departments under it) will add 5,836 more personnel to take its strength to 26,188 by next month.
about one lakh more workforce is estimated to have been added in police departments under the home ministry to take the total head count to 11,25,093 by march 2018.
the strength of police departments under the central government was 10,24,374, as on march 1, 2016.
there will be an estimated increase of 1,196 persons in the ministry of external affairs by march 2018 as against its actual strength of 9,672 in 2016, the budget documents say.
the ministry of environment, forest and climate change is estimated to add 2,234 more jobs by march to take its strength to 5,119 as against 2,885 in 2016, it said.
an estimated 772 people will be part of the workforce of the minority affairs ministry by next month.
its actual strength in 2016 was 774.
the mines ministry will have 772 more personnel to take its strength to 8,562.
there were 7,790 personnel employed with the ministry in 2016, the documents say.
the numbers of jobs in other government departments are also given in the document.
chennai: launching a scathing attack on the prime minister over his policies, including demonetisation and ban on cattle sale for slaughter in animal markets, congress vice-president rahul gandhi on saturday affirmed that the opposition parties would foil the bid to force one culture on the country.
he attacked modi of enforcing a currency ban without even consulting his finance minister.
imagine one fine day the pm decides that 1.
3 billion people are going to be told the money in their pocket is worthless.
he does not ask anybody.
he does not got to the cm of tamil nadu, or anybody.
unilaterally, he decides, rahul said at a function to mark dmk chief karunanidhis birthday.
slamming the bjp of promoting one culture in the country, the congress leader said, they believe that one idea that should run india.
they believe that one culture should run india.
and we completely disagree with them.
flaying the ban on cattle sale, he said, none of us had the arrogance to come and tell you how to live your life.
none of us had the arrogance to believe that we know better than you as to what is good for you, he said.
the congress leader heaped praise on mk stalin over the path he has been treading and said the people would speak about him the way they speak about his father karunanidhi now.
by ptinew delhi: to deepen the corporate bonds market, sebi today said it will come out with light touch regulations by september to encourage large corporates to raise 25 per cent funds through this route.
sebi will soon come out with norms on corporate bonds to encourage companies to tap this route for raising funds.
the government proposal to mandate listed firms to raise 25 per cent funds via corporate bonds is a good step and sebi will come out with detailed rules by september in this regard,tyagi told reporters here after its board meeting.
further, he said those regulations would be light touch regulations because it is to encourage corporates towards bond market.
he said the proposed regulation would define large corporates and which rated bonds would be covered in the norms.
terming the corporate bond segment as a good story in the last two years, tyagi said in 2016-17, rs 6.
7 lakh crore was invested in corporate bonds, a figure that would likely be surpassed in the ongoing fiscal.
tyagi said it is encouraging to see firms tapping the corporate bond market and the regulator was taking several steps to deepen the activity in that segment.
he also said corporate sector has been borrowing more from the bond market in the last two years, which is a welcome trend.
in fact, the quantum raised last year was much more than the incremental banking sector credit extended to corporates.
the announcement comes after arunjaitley in his budget speech for 2018-19 said that sebi will consider mandating, beginning with large corporates, meeting about one-fourth of the companies' financing needs from the bond market.
the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has been taking a slew of measures to deepen the bond market.
these include allowing foreign portfolio investors (fpis) to invest in unlisted corporate debt securities as well as putting in place a new framework for consolidation in debt securities.
in its annual report, sebi had said: developing a liquid and vibrant corporate bond market further is an important agenda for enhancing the role of the indian securities market in channelising long-term finance.
sebi will work with all stakeholders for this.
new delhi: a day after gdp numbers for fy17 showed slowdown in indias economic growth, especially in the fourth quarter, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday sought to play down reports that demonetisation dragged down the countrys growth.
according to him, several factors, especially the global economic situation, impacted growth.
he also said slowdown was visible even prior to demonetisation.
according to him, indias gdp growth is fairly reasonable in the global context.
the gdp data released on wednesday had shown a fall in growth rate to 6.
1 per cent in the january-march 2017 quarter and 7.
1 per cent for the whole year.
india lost the tag of the fastest growing economy to china in the march 2017 quarter with a gdp growth of 6.
1 per cent, which pulled down the 2016-17 expansion to 7.
1 per cent.
bad loansthe finance minister also hinted at some visible action on the bad loans front in the next few days, under the ordinance promulgated last month amending the banking regulation act, 1949 to empower the reserve bank of india to resolve the issue of non-performing assets (npas).
we have now taken other steps and there would be visible action taken under the new mechanism in the next few days.
the ordinance empowers the central bank to ask banks to initiate insolvency proceedings to recover bad loans.
bad loans of public-sector banks increased from rs 1 lakh crore to rs 6.
06 lakh crore during the april-december period of 2016-17.
gross npas of public-sector banks nearly doubled to rs 5.
02 lakh crore at the end of march 2016 from rs 2.
67 lakh crore at the end of march 2015.
i stand here with conviction that the 21st century would not be asia's alone but would belong to both asia and africa, he said.
jaitley added that the african continent was transforming rapidly and amidst tough global scenario, its economy grew by 2.
2 per cent in 2016 and was expected to grow by 3.
4 per cent in 2017.
africa is approaching an exciting time.
he added that india was committed to africa's development and this commitment was reflected in continued high-level political engagement including the three india-africa summits.
it is no coincidence that our prime minister, president and vice president have together visited 16 african countries in the past.
there isn't a single african country which has not been visited by one of my cabinet colleagues, the finance minister added.
by ptinew delhi: india leaped 23 places to the 77th position on the world bank's 'ease of doing business' ranking as gst, insolvency framework and tax reforms made the country more investor-friendly.
also read | growth in india firming up, projected to accelerate further, says world bankindia was ranked 142nd among 190 nations when prime minister narendra modi took office in 2014.
at that time, the country was battling perceptions of excess red-tape and policy paralysis.
four years of reform pushed up india's rank to 100th in world bank's 'doing business' 2018 report.
it was 130th in 2017 when it was ranked lower than iran and uganda.
also read: government committed to economic reforms: pm modi on ease of doing business rankingsin its annual 'doing business' 2019 report, the world bank said india improved its rank on six out of the 10 parameters relating to starting and doing business in a country.
grant of a construction permit, trading across the borders, starting a business, getting credit, getting electricity and enforcing contracts showed improvement.
in the 2019 ranking, new zealand tops the list, followed by singapore, denmark and hong kong.
the united states is placed 8th and china ranked at 46th.
neighbouring pakistan is placed at 136.
also read: india one of world bank's top reformers: officialsthe obvious area and target for improvement are registering property, starting a business, insolvency, and taxation and the fifth one is enforcement of the contract, he said.
legislation is already in place with regard to enforcement of contract, taxation, and insolvency.
starting a business central government and state governments have to work together.
jaitley also said the impact of gst has not been entirely accounted for in the ranking due to an early cut off date.
commerce and industry minister suresh prabhu said the improvement in rank was due to a combination of several factors, including administrative changes and legislative reforms like gst and the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc).
as we go on, we will continue to improve more.
the structural reforms which have not yet captured fully will be reflected, he said.
world bank put india among the top 10 economies to make the most improvements, saying it focused on streamlining business processes.
india, it said, made starting a business easier by integrating multiple application forms into a general incorporation form.
india also replaced the value-added tax with the gst (goods and services tax) for which the registration process is faster, it said.
also, india made paying taxes easier by replacing many indirect taxes with a single indirect tax, the gst, for the entire country.
india also made paying taxes less costly by reducing the corporate income tax rate and the employees' provident funds scheme rate paid by the employer, the world bank said.
stating that a well-designed insolvency framework is a vital determinant of debt recovery, it said the establishment of debt recovery tribunals in india reduced non-performing loans by 28 per cent and lowered interest rates on larger loans, suggesting that faster processing of debt recovery cases cut the cost of credit.
further, india reduced the time and cost of export and import through various initiatives, including the implementation of electronic sealing of containers, the upgrading of port infrastructure and allowing electronic submission of supporting documents with digital signatures, it said.
world bank said india has further streamlined the process of obtaining a building permit and made it faster and less expensive to obtain a construction permit.
it also improved building quality control by introducing decennial liability and insurance.
prabhu said india's leap of 23 ranks in the ease of doing business ranking is significant considering that last year india improved its ranking by 30 places, a rare feat for any large country the size of india.
the country, he said, has improved its ranking by 53 positions in the last two years and 65 positions in four years since 2014.
the world bank ranks 190 countries based on 10 parameters, including starting a business, construction permits, getting electricity, getting credit, paying taxes, trade across borders, enforcing contracts, and resolving insolvency.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on thursday sought to discount the impact of demonetisation on the indian economy in the wake of the latest gdp figures and dismissed criticism of the government that it has only promoted growth of joblessness in the past three years.
at a media conference here on the completion of the nda's three years in office, arunjaitley asserted that there were several factors even before demonetisation like global slowdown which cumulatively impacted the economy.
jaitley said the criticism on growth of unemployment was a propaganda by opponents who had nothing substantial to comment on the government's performance.
the finance minister said the government had, in the past three years, left an impact in three areas -- capacity to take decisions, even tough ones, clear direction in decision making, and allowing market mechanism to ensure transparency and maximum revenue in allocation of public resources.
what you think is very clear, is not clear.
let us not be guided by erroneous premises.
there are several factors which can contribute to gdp.
there was some slowdown visible even before demonetisation in the last year.
there was impact of global factors, he said in reply to a question whether demonetisation had an effect which was very clear from the gdp numbers released on wednesday.
there could be some impact on two quarters (due to) the issue which you mentioned, he told the questioner.
the latest figures released by the official statistician on wednesday showed the country's gdp growth during the last quarter fell sharply to 6.
1 per cent, while it grew at a lower 7.
1 per cent in the full fiscal 2016-17, from 8 per cent in the previous year.
these are cumulative factors that too play a role.
a 7-8 per cent growth of the economy has become the indian normal, which is very reasonable by global standards and reasonable by indian standards, he said.
he also dismissed a reporter's view that the goods and services tax (gst), proposed to be rolled out from july 1, could also slow down the economy.
chief economic advisor (cea) arvind subramanian intervened here to say that the gst could actually result in decreasing price inflation and increase spending.
in the beginning, they said it is incremental reforms and not big reforms.
after gst, now they say it is jobless growth (sic).
jobs are created when the economy grows.
.
.
jobs are created in the formal and informal sectors.
in the informal sector, there is no survey (of jobs created).
what we inherited was that there was lack of credibility of the government because of corruption and indecisiveness.
the three distinct advantages of demonetisation, according to arunjaitley , were greater movement towards digitisation, widening of the tax base resulting in 18 per cent increase in revenue in 2016-17, and operation clean money under which it is no longer safe to deal in cash.
all these helped to esblish a new normal in india.
by ptinew delhi: terming the critics of the modi dispensation as 'compulsive contrarians', finance minister arunjaitley thursday accused them of manufacturing falsehood and subverting democracy by weakening a sovereign elected government.
jaitley, who is in the us for a medical check-up, in a facebook post said while free speech and the right to dissent are critical components of a democracy but falsehood, subversion and institutional destruction are not.
attacking those who believed that this government could do no good, the minister said nations are built by those with positive mindsets and a national vigor, not by the compulsive contrarians.
the compulsive contrarians had no qualms about manufacturing falsehood.
they could concoct arguments even if they went against the general interest of the country.
they could masquerade corruption as crusade.
they could adopt double standards whenever it suited them, said the blog titled 'the compulsive contrarian and his manufactured logic'.
these compulsive contrarians picked holes in every proposal that empowered people or strengthened country, be it 10  reservation for the poor, aadhaar, demonetisation, gst, cbi issues, rbi & govt.
relation, rafale fighter aircraft, or no issues in supreme court or judge loya case  arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) january 17, 2019citing the tirade mounted by political parties on a host of issues including 10 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections, the rafale jet deal, arunjaitley said the compulsive contrarians believe that every act of the narendra modi-led government must be opposed.
read | rahul gandhi should ask who killed sohrabuddin investigation: arun jaitleyhe also listed out other key issues concerning justice loya case, the cbi issue, rbi debate, judicial activism while highlighting how the critics have launched a crusade against the government.
some who were part of the ideological left and the ultra-left obviously found the nda government wholly unacceptable.
hence emerged a new class of compulsive contrarians, who run perpetual propaganda.
they picked holes in every proposal that empowered people or strengthened country, be it 10 per cent reservation for the poor, aadhaar, demonetisation, gst, cbi issues, rbi and government relation, rafale fighter aircraft, or no issues in supreme court or judge loya case, the minister said.
also read | don't need rbi's reserves to meet fiscal deficit: arun jaitleythese actions reveal the mindset of the compulsive contrarians.
weakening a sovereign elected government and strengthening the unelectable is only a subversion of democracy, he wrote.
the senior bjp leader questioned, didn't left-liberals find fault with the various actions that gandhiji took during the freedom movement?
the judge died a natural death due to a cardiac stroke, he said.
read full post:accusing critics of concocting falsehood in the rafale jet deal, the minister said, this is a deal where prime minister modi should be credited with saving thousands of crores of the country.
the contrarians chose to side with the questionable.
he said congress leader mallikarjun kharge as a petitioner in the cbi chief's case before the supreme court should have recused himself from sitting on the committee, which took a decision regarding the transfer of cbi chief.
it brought judges into public gaze as factionalised and battling for their own turf space.
also read | congress policies hurt kashmir for decades, says arun jaitleyon the recent rift with the reserve bank, he said there have been many instances when the government has differed with the reserve bank.
the government in recent months have strongly felt that certain sectors of the economy needed credit and liquidity support.
squeezing out both would eventually hurt this sector as also hurt growth, the finance minister noted.
every stakeholder in the market was in agreement with the government position but the contrarians deflected the credit and liquidity issue to the issue of autonomy, he said, adding that the government after all was only addressing the autonomous rbi and asking it to resolve the issues which lay in its domain.
new delhi: as parliament remained in a gridlock for the eighth day in a row, prime minister narendra modi is likely to attend the proceedings of the lok sabha on tuesday.
nda floor managers and a section of the opposition claimed the key to unlock the parliamentary gridlock lay with the lok sabha, and a long speech of congress vice-president rahul gandhi is on the cards.
proceedings in both houses of parliament were marred by ruckus even as finance minister arunjaitley introduced the taxation laws (second amendment) bill, 2016, which seeks to tax undisclosed amounts through pradhan mantri garib kalyan deposit scheme, at 2 pm in the lok sabha.
after repeated disruptions, both houses were adjourned for the day.
the congress and the trinamool congress leaders have been learnt to have discussed a way out.
the government will not agree to a debate on demonetisation under rule 56, which entails adjournment and voting.
the bjd floor leader in the lok sabha, bhartruhari mahatab, has shown the way by suggesting that the debate could be held under rule 184 with voting but without an adjournment.
mahatabs formula could be the possible way out, said a senior tmc leader.
home minister rajnath singh assured the lok sabha that the prime minister would speak if the house took up demonetisation for discussion.
the clear indication of resolution of the impasse came from the floor leader of the tmc in the lok sabha, sudip bandyopadhyay, who argued that parliament should resume normal functions, asking what else the house is for?
new delhi: the centre has decided to go aggressive as it fielded many senior ministers on thursday to counter the opposition charge on demonetisation.
highly placed sources in the bjp said that ministers and party lawmakers will be present in different parts of the country to reach out to people on december 31 as the first phase of the drive against black money will come to an end.
the bjp also warned the congress of legal action over its baseless and untrue allegations that prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah have links with gujarat businessman mahesh shah, who is being probed for declaring unaccounted income of rs 13,860 crore.
union minister ravi shankar prasad rejected congress charge against amit shah, who is one of the directors of a gujarat bank in which deposits of over rs 500 crore were made and asserted that the bank has over 200 branches and it will give an explanation on the matter.
we want to make it clear that our prime minister and party president have no links whatsoever with mahesh sharma, against whom action is going on.
if the congress has any proof, it should talk about it.
otherwise, we will consider taking legal action under the law dealing with levelling of baseless allegations, prasad said.
prasad was accompanied by power minister piyush goyal.
goyal refuted the allegations that crores of rupees have been sent to the bjp office in poll-bound uttar pradesh.
we are getting indication for an historic support for bjp in up, he said, claiming that people have supported note ban despite hardships.
finance minister arunjaitley mainly spoke on the benefits of demonetisation.
he said that tax and revenue collections have gone up showing clear results of the demonetisation.
union minister m venkaiah naidu accused the congress of trying to tar the governments image by calling demonetisation a scam.
he said the notes ban move was an anti-scam vaccine but the opposition party is rattled at the prospect of the government going after illegal money.
naidu said contrary to perceptions, rabi sowing increased by 6.
37 , the number of foreign tourist arrivals up by 9.
3  and foreign exchange earnings up by 14.
4  this year.
by afpnew delhi: stern, sharp and shrewd, narendra modi fought his way off the streets to become one of india's most popular and polarising prime ministers.
there is no middle ground between admirers and adversaries of the man -- now running for a second term -- who helped his father run a railway station tea stall before launching his career in nationalist politics.
the 68-year-old makes much of his humble roots while unashamedly portraying himself as the tough guy protecting india's national security and hindu values, pressing its claims to be the world's rising power.
doubts have been expressed over his economic reforms and businesses still complain about the sudden cancellation of high-value banknotes in 2016 in a bid to combat the black-market economy.
but little mud has stuck and few dispute that namo, as he is known, drives india's national agenda while expertly baiting neighbouring pakistan and the opposition congress party, especially its leader rahul gandhi.
and audiences love the modi spectacle.
his twitter following of more than 46 million makes him one of the world's most-tracked leaders.
also read: narendra modi second most followed politician globallymodi thanks voters for deciding to make him pm again, says nda will win over 300 seatswith his neat white beard and a vast collection of headgear, modi regales rallies with stories of how he is a son of soil, contrasting himself with gandhi as a spoiled member of the dynasty that has dominated india since independence seven decades ago.
they dislike me because of my humble origins.
can a party stoop so low?
he said at one event.
yes, a person belonging to a poor family has become prime minister.
they do not fail to hide their contempt for this fact.
yes, i sold tea, but i did not sell the nation.
mr 56 inchnarendra damodardas modi is said to have joined the hindu hardline rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) nationalist group at the age of eight and left home as a teenager, abandoning a marriage arranged by his family, to become an rss activist.
an assiduously hard worker, modi rose through the ranks of the rss and its partner bharatiya janata party (bjp) to become chief minister of his gujarat home state in 2001.
bolstering the gujarat economy and espousing outspoken nationalist causes provided the launchpad for him to lead the bjp into the 2014 general election.
the country was seduced by his story and the party won the biggest landslide in india's history, decimating congress.
modi is not without shadows in his history and chinks in his communications defences.
after a train carrying hindu pilgrims caught fire killing about 60 people in 2002, riots broke out that left at least 1,000 people, mainly muslims, dead.
modi was accused of complicity in stirring up the riots but two courts found there was no case to answer.
sometimes modi's comments come back to haunt him.
while campaigning in 2014 he claimed to have a 56-inch muscle man's chest to make tough decisions.
his opponents and comedians still mock him as mr 56 inch.
journalists have a difficult time as modi has never given a press conference as prime minister and critics say his rare television interviews are carefully stage-managed.
rahul gandhi regularly hits out at what he calls modi's autocratic backlash since taking power.
also read: modi thanks voters for deciding to make him pm again, says nda will win over 300 seatsnehruvian touchmr modi believes that he is the lord of india, just like the british believed, gandhi said.
he can brush aside the supreme court, he can extort any amount of money he wants from any corporate, he can go and brush aside the election commission.
modi's personalised politics will be the defining issue of the indian election, even his party admits, while many experts say that modi is carrying his party through this election.
follow our full election coverage heremodi can be compared to india's founding prime minister jawaharlal nehru in his ability to dominate the conversation, according to harsh pant, an international relations professor at king's college in london.
modi dominates the message in an extraordinary way, said pant.
the young follow him because of his story, 'if i made it, then so can you'.
he has the nehruvian touch.
normally there is a strong anti-incumbency side to indian politics, but there is no sign that people are withdrawing from him.
pant and others say, however, that modi's real impact will only be revealed if he can secure and complete a second term in power.
sunitha natti byexpress news servicemumbai: finance minister arunjaitley is an unlucky man having to prepare the budget amid a slowing economy, falling revenue and rising debt.
lower crude oil prices and better-than expected revenue helped the government adhere to the fiscal consolidation path in fy17, but this years target is constipated due to demonetisation, gst, weak private consumption and investments.
in the current context, arunjaitley should work like a fiscal hawk, donning a fiscal straitjacket, but considering the election year, his government expects him to be bold, yet within the parameters of public spending.
in other words, the biggest signal he needs to show is he can do things differently, perhaps beginning with taxes.
cut, cut, cut tax?
the ideal tax structure includes a broad tax base, low rate, minimum rate differentiation, simplicity and transparency.
but despite efforts, our tax system doesnt generate the revenue we need.
the tax-gdp ratio was 15.
8 per cent in 1992 when economic reforms were initiated, but fell to 13.
4 per cent in 2002 and is now struggling to cross past 11 per cent, which was last seen in 2008.
according to m govinda rao, former member of prime ministers economic advisory council, the predicted value of tax-gdp ratio using per capita gdp at dollar exchange rate in place of ppp value for 2010 is 18.
6 per cent.
the low tax ratio is due to multiple reasons.
all agricultural income is exempted, we have a narrow tax base, large amounts are held in tax disputes, theres tax abuse by mncs and of course poor enforcement.
besides raising revenues, it is required to incentivise savings, promote exports, achieve balanced regional development, promote investments in infrastructure, expand employment, promote scientific research and development.
such vast objectives, which our tax system pursues is also its main drawback paving way for tax evasion and avoidance.
in fy15, revenue foregone was a staggering `5,89,285 crore, while tax arrears accounted for over 5.
1 per cent of gdp in fy14.
sadly, 86 per cent of this was held up in disputes.
rao believes, scrutinising tax preferences may enhance tax-gdp ratio by at least one per cent.
borrowing bingewhen tax revenue is less than desired, public spending is financed by debt, assuming it leads to additional economic activity.
the prevailing low tax and non-tax revenue, weak capital receipts, slack in private investments and consumption compels us to borrow more, but at over 75 per cent of gdp, indias debt is already higher than middle income countries (58 per cent).
theres no fixed number on the level of deficit and debt, and countries borrow as long as the borrowed funds generate employment and income.
that said, all debt has to be repaid through higher taxes or lower expenditure.
else, it leads to balance of payment crisis, forcing credit rating agencies to attach high risk perception tag that leads to higher borrowing costs.
the continued spotlight on fiscal discipline is to reduce the governments share in the economy and free resources for private investment, but economists say it will take another year for corporates to return to the investment binge.
fiscal straitjacketone of the defining factors of the fiscal policy framework in fy17 was to increase investments to promote growth and increase expenditure on three broad sectors: infrastructure, agriculture and rural sectors.
thanks to buoyant tax revenues, achievement of estimated non-farm revenue (despite a shortfall in spectrum auction receipts), the government stuck to the fiscal deficit target of 3.
5 per cent of gdp in fy17, while increasing allocations for expenditure.
though the overall fiscal policy continued to promote growth and stability, amid sluggish private investments, fy18s fiscal policy was guided by the need to revive growth, yet sticking to fiscal consolidation via increased tax collections.
last years budget thus focused on redirecting expenditure to promote growth and employment, with investments in infrastructure, social and rural development.
but facts and fortune didnt favour him, with indirect tax collections going upside down (due to gst), while non-tax revenue collections are falling by the wayside.
curtailing expenditure isnt the preferred fiscal path.
the nda government shifted focus from curtailing expenditure, but instead generate higher revenue to lower deficit.
as such, the forthcoming budget may see arunjaitley orienting broadly in favour of minimising exemptions and broadening the tax base.
also, a section of the economists believe, the tax-gdp ratio in the indian context isnt a good metric as gdp includes economic activities of unorganized/informal sectors, which may not be covered under the tax net.
non-taxation of agricultural and allied sectors, relatively higher threshold for small scale industries and fiscal concessions in the form of exemptions for socio-economic are collectively dragging down tax revenue.
the concept of a fiscal straitjacket constraining expenditure and borrowing to reduce deficit may not be advisable in a country that has excess unutilised capacity.
by iansnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley , who is in the us for a medical checkup , will return home on friday, well ahead of the budget presentation on february 1, official sources said.
the finance minister is set to return on the evening of january 25, said a senior official.
the interim budget will be presented by him for sure, he said.
he added that the process for printing of budget documents began on monday.
jaitley, 66, left for the us on january 13 for what was believed to be a medical check-up relating to his kidney ailment.
he had undergone a renal transplant surgery in may 2018.
however, there has been wide speculation that he may not be able to return early to present the interim budget, which will be his last before the general elections this year.
also read | budget 2019: arunjaitley hints at a departure from convention, big-ticket announcementsjaitley had recently hinted that it may not be a simple interim budget or vote on account, which is generally the tradition in an election year.
the full budget is presented by the new government after the elections.
ordinarily, there should be no reason why we should move away from that convention but there is a larger interest of the economy that always dictate what goes into that interim budget, he said on thursday.
informed sources said that the government may roll out schemes to help increase farmers' income, reduce farm input costs and raise credit flow to farmers.
ministers of state for finance pon radhakrishnan and shiv pratap shukla on monday held the annual pre-budget ritual, halwa ceremony, to mark the beginning of printing of budget documents in the north block, the seat of ministry of finance.
by reutersnew delhi: india on monday forecast its economic growth would accelerate to 7 to 7.
5 percent in the 2018/19 fiscal year, to once again become the world's fastest-growing major economy.
the government's economic survey, presented to parliament on monday went on to say that though the plan has been to reduce the fiscal deficit from an estimated 3.
2 percent this year to 3.
0 percent in 2018/19, a pause in the move toward a lower deficit could be merited in order to give the economic momentum.
reflecting largely fiscal developments at the centre, a pause in general government fiscal consolidation relative to 2016-17 cannot be ruled out, the survey, written by the finance ministry's chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, said.
the survey, an annual report the health of the economy, was released ahead of the government's budget statement, due to be presented by finance minister arunjaitley on thursday.
a series of major reforms undertaken over the past year will allow real gdp growth to reach 6.
75 percent this fiscal (year) and will rise to 7.
0 to 7.
5 percent in 2018/19, thereby reinstating india as the world's fastest-growing major economy, the survey said.
a senior official at china's national development and reform commission (ndrc) wrote in the beijing daily on monday that china's economic growth was likely to slow to 6.
5-6.
8 percent this year.
fuelled by stronger private investment and exports, the recovery forecast for india's growth rate comes after the country posted its slowest growth in three years in 2017/18.
the slowdown was partly a consequence of the chaotic rollout of a nationwide goods and service tax (gst) last year and a shock move to take high-value currency notes out of circulation in late 2016.
the budget is expected to step up funding of rural development programmes and help small businesses as prime minister narendra modi's nationalist government heads into a national election in 2019.
gdp growth might be at the lower end of the range, but broadly the estimates are in line with our expectations, said suvodeep rakshit, senior economist at kotak institutional equities in mumbai.
the government will likely focus on rural and urban infrastructure, housing, agriculture as well as bit on the capital expenditure front with a judicious mix of budgetary and extra budgetary expenditure, rakshit added.
the survey cautioned that persistently high oil prices remained a key risk for a country that relies on imports for much of its fuel needs.
the benchmark 10-year bond fell, with the yield up 5 basis points at 7.
53 percent after the report indicated fiscal deficit targets could be loosened, albeit modestly.
the rupee was slightly stronger, trading at 63.
51 from its 63.
5475 close.
but, india's share markets held onto gains after the release of the survey, with the broader nse share index up 0.
7 percent from the previous close.
new delhi: the gst council on thursday moved a significant step closer to finalising the draft central gst and state gst laws that must be passed in parliament, while it again failed to reach out at consensus on contentious dual control or cross empowerment issue in the new regime.
the meeting will also take up integrated gst (igst) bill.
, adding, the cgst and sgst laws, a total of 197 provisions and five schedules, have been approved.
the panel, which met for the seventh time since the constitutional amendment to institute a goods and service tax was approved in mid-september, tweaked the periodicity of payment of compensation for loss of revenue to states for implementation of gst to bi-monthly instead of previously decided quarterly payment.
also, the council decided to create the kitty for the compensation from any other tax besides the cess on luxury and sin goods it had previously approved, as states saw revenues being dented by slowdown in economic activity and resultant tax collections following demonetisation.
our effort is to do it as quickly as possible and i think we are making a reasonable headway.
addressing the india-korea business summit here, arunjaitley spoke about the relationship between india and korea, saying koreans have focussed on technology and strengthened their economy, which in itself is inspirational for india.
comparing both countries on the development index, jailtey said, both india and korea withstood the limiting factor of geography and focused on economic development.
the experience of korean companies which have more than 600 offices in india has been extremely encouraging.
there is hardly any household that does not have a korean product and therefore to expand this relationship is the obvious agenda for the meet of this kind, he added.
jaitley further pointed out that the misgivings which had earlier been created by the previous government, and instilled a fear in the economy, has been eliminated in terms of taxation.
misgivings we had about our direct tax structure in the past, including some decisions that the earlier governments had taken, we have completely eliminated those fear and added more stability, as far as taxation is concerned, he said.
jaitley also said that the governments policy decisions have made doing business in india a lot easier.
we have been able to unify our taxes and bring a simpler tax structure.
and for international investors our indirect tax structure has become investor friendly, added jaitley.
speaking about the potential of india in global economic environment, arunjaitley asserted that india, in the last few years, has demonstrated, even in a global environment of adversity, a potential to self correct itself, to continue to reform, to take difficult decisions if necessary and maintain a high trajectory growth.
he added that india has been able to blend its economic decisions, which along with political acceptability received a lot of support where people want the country to reform.
jaitley also said, a seven to eight percent growth rate is an absolute normal for india and it can beat that and there with policy changes with a supportive global environment india has the potential to reach more than that.
however, said arunjaitley , manufacturing is an area where india still has to achieve its best.
it is a sector that will expand significantly in the next decade and all policies are being built to make this possible, said jaitley.
the india-korea business summit aimed to create the framework for an open and action-oriented dialogue between top business leaders and the government officials from india and korea.
the agenda of the summit focused on specific sectors where new and immediate opportunities exist for korean and indian companies such as infrastructure, ict, power, smart cities, manufacturing and other strategic areas of collaborations.
over 200 business delegates including top executives of some leading korean business conglomerates and government officials are participating in the summit.
india and korea are the third and fourth largest economies in asia.
the summit was being organised by moci in partnership with the confederation of indian industry (cii) and chosun ilbo, the largest media business group in korea.
by aninew delhi: senior congress leader kapil sibal on saturday criticised finance minister arunjaitley for blaming regulators over the punjab national bank (pnb) fraud.
talking to ani, sibal said that it was not just to blame only regulator in the pnb fraud.
why to blame only regulator?
what about political system and the fact that finance ministry must have known about it?
what was nominee of the government doing in these banks?
asked sibal.
the former union minister said it was very glib for arunjaitley to say regulators were responsible.
the whole issue (pnb fraud) needs to be investigated.
it is very glib for people to say regulators are responsible, sibal said.
earlier in the day, arunjaitley held regulators and auditors responsible for over rs 11000 crore fraud at pnb.
they ultimately decide the rules of the game and have to have a third-eye.
but unfortunately in the indian system, we politicians are accountable, the regulators are not.
the pnb fraud involves celebrity jeweller nirav modi, his family members and mehul choksi, owner of gitanjali gems.
new delhi: in the backdrop of the government formation in manipur and goa where no political outfit could get a majority on its own, the standing committee of the inter-state council, which met in the national capital after a gap of 12 years, discussed the use of discretionary powers by governors.
the panel also discussed a host of other issues, including the tenure of the governors and guidelines for them in using their discretionary powers in the formation of the governments in states.
incidentally, bihar in a note moved before the panel stated that the role of the governor in contemporary times has become redundant.
punjab in its submission sought that the state governments should be consulted before the appointment of governor.
representatives of states argued for appointments of non-partisan governors, who could rise above their political affiliations to do justice with their mandate under the constitution.
sources said that the panel discussed the m m punchhi commissions recommendations on the centre-state relations.
the governor should stick to the guidelines and follow clear order of preference in the exercise for formation of government in the event of a fractured mandate, sources quoted states representatives arguing in the meeting, which was chaired by the union minister for home affairs rajnath singh and attended by finance minister arunjaitley and scores of chief ministers, including yogi adityanath (uttar pradesh), nitish kumar (bihar), navin patnaik (odisha), raman singh (chattisgarh) among others.
the opposition ruled states, sources said, rued the politicisation of the position of governor.
the panel also discussed another recommendation of the punchhi commission on prosecution of a member of council of ministers.
there were different views on the recommendation, sources said.
however, the union minister for home affairs rajnath singh and finance minister arunjaitley in their respective address to the panel argued that the position of the governor should be allowed to remain the same without any change.
thiruvananthapuram: faced with an alarming drop of 40 per cent in cashew exports, the cashew export promotion council of india (cepci) has submitted to the central government a five-point remedial plan to reverse the downward trend and to help revive the cashew industry, which provides employment to 10 lakh workers.
addressing a news conference here on thursday, cepci chairman p sundaran said the council has made a representation to union minister for finance arunjaitley and minister of state for commerce & industry nirmala sitharaman, outlining specific issues pertaining to the cashew industry and sought their intervention in resolving them.
cepci has also made an official request to the prime minister to allow a special economic package for the cashew sector.
cashew exports from india declined by 40 per cent as the export quantity dropped to 25,000 mt during april-august 2016 from 42,000 mt in the corresponding period last year.
the newly-introduced import duty on the industry has hit the industry hard.
as per the new provisions, duty free import is possible only if kernels weighing 25 per cent of the raw nuts imported and worth 15 per cent more in value are exported within 18 months.
the present out-turn stands at a disheartening 12 to 18 per cent.
apart from the import duty burden, the slashing of export incentives has also led to the drastic fall in exports, sundaran said.
while the present trade policy gives priority to industries, which are agriculture-based, labour-oriented, women-centric and export-oriented, the cashew industry, which more than qualifies under all these categories, has been denied eligible benefits and is subjected to a drastic cut in export incentives, he added.
washington: finance minister arunjaitley has raised the issue of restrictions on h-1b visa with his us counterpart steven mnuchin as india fears the curb would impact the movement of indian it professionals to america.
during his meeting with the us treasury secretary, arunjaitley also highlighted the contribution indian companies and professionals are making to the us economy.
president donald trump has signed an executive order for tightening the rules of the h-1b visa programme to stop its 'abuse' and ensure that the visas are given to the 'most- skilled or highest paid' petitioners, a decision that would impact india's usd 150 billion it industry.
the indian it industry has expressed serious concerns over this as these visas are mainly used by domestic it professionals for short-term work in america.
earlier, the finance minister raised the visa issue with us commerce secretary wilbur ross.
an official statement said: arunjaitley raised the issue of h-1b visas for skilled professionals from india.
issues related to terror funding were also discussed in the meeting and the us treasury secretary appreciated the role of india in this regard, including indo-us cooperation in financial action task force.
these matters were discussed yesterday on the sidelines of the spring meetings of the world bank and imf.
during the discussions, the statement said arunjaitley pointed out india's ambitious reform agenda which is creating new opportunities towards a deeper economic engagement between both the countries in the years ahead.
critical economic issues like indo-us investment initiative, infrastructure collaboration and niif (national investment and infrastructure fund), collaboration with the us for smart cities development were deliberated upon during the meeting, it added.
the indian minister also held bilateral meetings with the finance ministers of sweden, france and bangladesh.
the h-1b is a non-immigrant visa that allows us companies to employ foreign workers in speciality occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise in specialised fields.
indian technology companies depend on it to hire tens of thousands of employees each year for their us operations.
the us market accounts for about 60 per cent of the revenue of the indian it industry.
reforming the h-1b visa system was one of the major election promises of trump.
as per several us reports, a majority of the h-1b visas every year are grabbed by indian it professionals.
india accounts for the highest pool of qualified it professionals, whose services go a long way in making american companies globally competitive.
new delhi: undeterred by the opposition criticism, the nda government at the centre vowed to ride on the might of unique identification number (aadhar) to track down unaccounted and black money.
giving a sense of the governments resolve, union finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday retorted yes, we will.
.
.
, while countering concerns of the bjd leader bhartruhari mahatab, who had asked whether the government would force the people to enrol for aadhar.
the lok sabha on wednesday passed the finance bill, including 40 amendments, after two days long discussions.
the amendments included making aadhar mandatory for pan card and filing of income tax returns.
i have two pan cards and i dont have any intention to enrol for aadhar.
the amendments if carried out in the house will make my pan cards invalid.
i have no intention to avail the government benefits (subsidy) being passed on through direct benefit transfer (dbt).
therefore, i dont need aadhar, mahatab, who raised the question whether the government would force the people to go for the unique identification enumeration.
yes, we will, retorted jaitely, while replying to the discussions.
he added that if the people have got five pan cards issued in their names and using them for channelling the unaccounted money, the government will go after them.
if one person gets multiple pan cards and uses them for tax evasions, its necessary for the government to make aadhar seeding mandatory, said the minister.
mahatab had argued that the aadhar should be used only for the purpose of transfer of the government benefits.
the opposition mps afterwards wondered loudly, what was the purpose of then having so many identification cards, including the voters cards, driving licences.
there may come a stage when the aadhar could be just one identification number as is the case with the social security number in the us.
we have a unique technology available with us, which has enumerations of over 104 crore people.
why should the government not take advantage of it, jaitely argued.
the minister also stated that one of the amendments (section 10 of the it act) being moved includes barring the disclosure of the source of information to the person against whom the income tax is carrying out the raids.
there has been a long standing demand to protect the identity of the source of information on the basis of which the it conducts raids.
such information is proposed to be shared only with a court, jaitely added.
countering the claims of the opposition mps, jaitely claimed that the tax collections for the current financial year would even surpass the revised target, which was fixed at rs 17 lakh crore.
he added that the target for the tax collections for the next fiscal would be rs 19.
05 lakh crores.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley thursday defended the revision in india's gdp growth rate during the previous upa era, saying it was done by a highly credible organisation, the central statistics office, which maintains an arm's length distance from the finance ministry.
he said the revised numbers, based on a new formula with 2011-12 as the base year, are globally more comparable as they take into account a far greater representation of the indian economy and are more reflective of its real state.
taking on opposition congress for criticising the revision, he said the congress had welcomed the upwards revision in growth numbers of the last two years of the upa regime by the same cso and had gone to the extent of saying that the the new gdp series has concludedly established that we did not mismanage the economy.
the new numbers show india's economic growth rate averaged 6.
7 per cent during the congress-led upa regime as compared to 7.
3 per cent under the present government.
previous numbers had put the average growth rate during the 10-year upa rule at 7.
75 per cent.
the finance minister said what was welcomed by the upa in 2015 is now being criticised because the gdp growth has been revised downwards.
the cso is a highly credible organisation, it maintains an arm's length distance from the finance ministry, he said.
in fact, we also come to know of the data only when it is released.
all former individuals and eminent people who headed the cso are of the same opinion that this data is far more inclusive and far more reflective of the situation of indian economy and therefore has far greater credibility.
cso is an organisation that has global credibility.
it maintains an arms length distance from the finance ministry.
the sooner the congress party realises that its policy paralysis pushed india into the fragile 5, the better it will be for the party and its leadership.
arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) november 29, 2018former finance minister p chidambaram had wednesday called the revision a bad joke.
niti aayog's revised gdp numbers are a joke.
they are a bad joke, he had tweeted.
actually they are worse than a bad joke.
the numbers are the result of a hatchet job.
once the new gdp estimates were given, my predecessor shri p. chidambaram publically welcomed the new series.
he said 'the new data successfully establishes the fact that upa succeeded to revive the economy.
the revised gdp data will end misconceived charges that upa mismanaged the economy' (3rd february, 2015), arunjaitley recalled.
the finance minister said the cso wednesday published figures working backwards on applying the new gdp series.
it was in february 2015 that the cso worked on a new formula with 2011-12 as the base year and the new gdp series was announced.
at that time, they had revised the new gdp series from 2012-13 onwards.
since then, all gdp data whether quarterly or annual have been based on new series.
this new series is globally more comparable, it takes into account a far greater representation of the indian economy and is more reflective of the real state of indian economy, he said.
now that niti aayog has done the hatchet job, it is time to wind up the utterly worthless body.
p. chidambaram (@pchidambaram_in) november 28, 2018he said that in 2015, the cso revised the gdp growth of the last two years of the upa -- 2012-13 and 2013-14.
curiously at that time the revision had made the gdp growth move upwards.
so there was an improvement in those 2 years.
at that time, it was welcomed by the people in the then government.
in fact, they said that the new gdp series has concludedly established that we did not mismanage the economy, he said.
he further said the sooner the congress party realises that its policy paralysis pushed india into the fragile 5, the better it will be for the party and its leadership.
jaitley said when the new series is in place, it has to be used as a basis for backward revision and so what was revised from the year 2011-12 onwards is now being revised from 2004-05.
jaitley said the formula is the same.
recalibrating data of past years using 2011-12 as the base year instead of 2004-05, the cso estimated that india's gdp grew by 8.
5 per cent in the financial year 2010-11 (april 2010 to march 2011) and not at 10.
3 per cent as previously estimated.
similarly, 9.
3 per cent growth rate each in 2005-06 and 2006-07 was lowered to 7.
9 per cent and 8.
1 per cent, respectively, while 7.
7 per cent rate was now estimated for 2007-08 instead of 9.
8 per cent.
by ptinew delhi: even as the stock market continued its downward slide on monday, finance minister arunjaitley said it was not in reaction to the union budget or the reimposition of long term capital gains (ltcg) tax, but due to global factors.
jaitley's remarks came after the indian equity markets on friday witnessed the steepest fall since november 2016, after ltcg tax on equities was re-introduced in the union budget for 2018-19, leading the sensex to shed over 800 points and the nifty50 over 200 points in a single day.
it is not due to the budget or the ltcg.
jaitley was referring to the sharp fall in the us stocks on friday when dow jones industrial average lost 665.
75 points, or 2.
54 per cent, to close at 25,520.
96.
the barometer sensex of the bse, however, continued its downward slide on monday and fell by almost 550 points to 34,520 before recovering to some extent.
it was trading at 34,737 at 11.
15 am.
chennai: the union cabinet today approved two proposals for the state including exchange of land with the airport authority of india (aai) for expansion of ekamra marg, a road near the biju patnaik international airport.
the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, also approved another proposal for formation of an indian institute of science education and research (iiser), berhampur society under the societies registration act, 1860.
apart from giving ex-post facto approval for of starting the academic session of 2016-17 from august 1, 2016 from a temporary campus at berhampur, the union cabinet also allowed an expenditure of rs 152.
79 crore towards operational cost for the first three years from 2016 to 2019.
the state government has provided 200 acres of land free of cost at laudigaon under rangeilunda block on the outskirts of berhampur town for a permanent campus of the national institute.
work has started at the site.
creation of the post of director of the institute in the pay scale of rs 80,000 (fixed) and introduction of a bill for inclusion of iiser, berhampur and iiser, tirupati in the second schedule of national institutes of technology, science education and research (nitser) act, 2007 was also approved.
in his 2015 budget speech, union finance minister, arunjaitley had announced setting up of an iiser in odisha.
the student strength intake for this year in the bachelor and masters (bs-ms) course is 60 which will progressively go up and the cumulative student strength is envisaged as 665 in the third year, including ms degree, ms-ph.
d, ph.
d and post-doctoral fellowships.
educational consultants india limited (edcil), a psu of ministry of hrd, has been asked to submit a proposal for preparation of detailed project report for the permanent campuses.
the union cabinet accepted the state government offer for exchange of 1.
6 acres of land with aai for undertaking road expansion.
the land offered by the state government is contiguous to existing airport and it will be used by aai for construction of parallel taxi track.
the road near the airport (known as ekamra marg/palashpalli road) will be widened for streamlining the security arrangements of the vip movements and creating buffer zone for public use.
new delhi: vodafone, cairn energy and other firms facing retrospective tax demand will have to withdraw legal cases and give up the right to contest constitutional validity of back-dated amendment to i-t laws if they want to avail of the dispute resolution scheme ending on december 31.
the government, in the budget 2016-17, had announced a scheme to settle the retrospective tax disputes by waiving interest and penalty if the companies paid up the principal tax amount.
the scheme opened on june 1 and is due to close on december 31.
in the second faq on the direct tax dispute resolution scheme, 2016, the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) said that for any company to avail of the settlement, it has to withdraw writ petitions pending before any court against imposition of retrospective taxation and furnish proof of the same.
it is, hence, clear that if the assessee avails (of) the scheme, he cannot contest the constitutional validity of retrospective amendment in the high court or the supreme court, the tax department's frequently asked questions (faq) said.
so far, none of the companies facing the retrospective tax cases have come forward.
after the scheme closes, the income tax department will go ahead with tax demand and pursue legal course, including arbitration, sources said.
the sources also said the government had asked the i-t department not to take any coercive action during the time the scheme is open.
weeks before the scheme was announced by finance minister arunjaitley in his budget speech on february 29, the department had issued vodafone a reminder over its rs 14,200-crore tax demand andthreatened to seize assets in case of non-payment.
uk oil explorer cairn energy is facing a tax demand of rs 10,247 crore on alleged capital gains made in a 2006 business reorganisation it carried out in its india unit before getting it listed.
the total tax due after including interest comes to over rs 29,000 crore.
british telecom giant vodafone is facing a total demand of rs 14,200 crore in tax, interest and penalty with regard to its usd 11-billion acquisition of 67 per cent stake in the mobile phone business owned by hutchison whampoa in 2007.
both firms raised their concerns over the tax demands and challenged the matter by initiating international arbitration.
according to rules of the scheme, the companies deciding to go for the tax settlement needs to provide proof of withdrawal of any proceeding for arbitration, conciliation or mediation or any notice thereof under any law for the time being in force or under any agreement entered into by india with any other country or territory outside india whether for protection of investment or otherwise.
by express news servicenew delhi: the search committee for selection of chief information commissioner did not shortlist two senior information commissioners who had applied for the position and brought in four others who did not show interest in the post, documents made public by the government show.
the search committee led by the cabinet secretary had finalised five names to be forwarded to the selection panel, led by prime minister narendra modi and comprising finance minister arunjaitley and the leader opposition in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge.
the six-member search committee was headed by the cabinet secretary and included the secretaries of the department of personnel and training (dopt), expenditure department, information and broadcasting department, and additional secretary to the prime minister.
the director of the institute of economic growth was the independent member in the panel.
the secretary of the department of expenditure declared that he had applied for the post of information commissioner but after consultations with the pmo, he was retained on the search committee, the records show.
the government issued the advertisement calling for applications for the position of the chief information commissioner on october 23, 2018 on the dopt website.
all three commissioners in the central information commission  sudhir bhargava, bimal julka and divya prakash sinha  were among 68 applicants for the post.
the panel shortlisted retired ias officers bhargava, former msme secretary madhav lal, former additional chief secretary of gujarat s k nanda, former secretary of department of administrative reforms and public grievances alok rawat and former expenditure secretary r p watal for the post.
new delhi: indian government is pushing state-owned steel, power and shipping firms to take over assets of private companies that have defaulted on loans, but faces resistance from them, leaving it scrambling to clear a $135 billion pile of stressed loans from banks' books.
over the past two years, prime minister narendra modi's government has pushed banks to recognise non-performing assets, make adequate provisions for them and try to raise capital from outside to bolster their balance sheets.
but, facing an end-march deadline to declare all bad loans on their books, mostly the state-owned banks have struggled to do any of that.
the problem loans are limiting their ability to lend, weighing on india's growth prospects.
they also risk straining government finances, as it must find the money to bear the higher recapitalisation burden.
last month, steel ministry officials met with modi to outline measures to revive a sector reeling under bad loans and cheap chinese imports.
days later, in a renewed push, finance minister arunjaitley met with top lenders, including state bank of india and icici bank, steel and shipping ministry officials and some state-owned companies.
he gave the state-owned firms a list of 23 troubled steel, power and shipping companies with bad loans totalling $14.
5 billion, according to government officials and minutes of the meeting seen by reuters.
the state-owned firms were encouraged to buy at least one asset and take a minority stake in a company on the list.
alternatively, banks were asked to approach state-owned companies for help in operating and managing assets the lenders had taken over via debt-for-equity swaps, the minutes show.
most of the companies on the list were steelmakers, including bhushan steel, essar steel and electrosteel steels.
those three companies declined to comment for this article.
no sailsteel authority of india ltd (sail), the country's biggest steel producer, initially turned down the government proposal, saying its own finances were not up to buying troubled assets from others, three officials with direct knowledge of the matter told reuters.
later, the steel ministry told the prime minister's office (pmo) that it needed banks to be more flexible with bad loans before asking sail for help, one of the officials said, adding sail might then reconsider taking over assets.
sail declined comment.
it was not immediately clear whether any other state-owned company had taken up, or rejected, the government proposal.
the finance ministry, steel ministry and pmo did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
the fraught negotiations, details of which have not been previously reported, underscore the depth and complexity of the problem, and suggest india's bad loan crisis is likely to persist for longer than the government has projected.
banks are under pressure to find buyers for the debt-for-equity stakes they hold in the nearly two dozen companies on jaitley's list, and would take big haircuts on stake sales, the minutes of the meeting show.
the sale of at least some of those troubled assets to state-owned firms would set a precedent and make it easier politically for banks to sell the rest of the assets to private buyers.
the idea was to set an example, one government official said.
tomorrow, the banks can give 30-40 percent haircut and nobody will question.
the logo of oil and natural gas corp's (ongc) is pictured in ahmedabad, india.
(file photo |reuters)new delhi: state-owned oil and natural gas corp (ongc) is keen to acquire india's third-biggest fuel retailer hpcl in a rs 42,254 crore deal after finding bharat petroleum corp ltd (bpcl) too expensive to buy.
following up on finance minister arun jaitley's budget announcement of creating an integrated oil company, ongc evaluated options of acquiring either hindustan petroleum corp ltd (hpcl) or bpcl - the two downstream oil refining and fuel marketing companies.
while acquiring either one of them made a lot of business sense, ongc found the nation's second-biggest fuel retailer, bpcl too expensive, sources privy to the development said.
bpcl has a market cap of rs 1,01,738 crore and buying government's 54.
93 per cent would along have entailed an outgo of rs 55,885 crore.
so, ongc is in favour of acquiring hpcl, which has a market cap of rs 54,797 crore and buying government's entire 51.
11 per cent stake would entail an outgo of rs 28,006 crore.
another rs 14,000 crore or so would be required in case open offer has to be made.
sources said while initially the government was looking at creating an integrated oil company through merge of an oil producer with a refiner, the idea was dropped for the fear of not repeating of the air india-indian airlines merger.
similar differences in work culture and ethos prevail in upstream and downstream firms and so the exercise under consideration now is to only help government mop up resources and hpcl would become a mere subsidiary of ongc.
ongc already has a refining subsidiary in mangalore refinery and petrochemcials ltd (mprl).
sources said an open offer to buy another 26 per cent stake from other shareholders of hpcl would at current price cost ongc another rs 14,247 crore.
as per sebi's takeover code, if a company acquires more than 25 per cent in another listed company, it has to make an open offer to buy at least 26 per cent more in the target firm.
some reports have suggested that ongc buying government stake in hpcl may not trigger an open-offer rule as the government's holding is being transferred to another state-run firm and the ownership is not going to change.
but sources said that way back in february 2002, state- owned indian oil corp (ioc) had acquired government's 33.
58 per cent stake in fuel retailer ibp co ltd for rs 1,153.
68 crore and had to make an open offer for additional shares.
both ioc and ibp were government owned companies.
sources said the oil ministry and ongc may try and seek exemption from the open offer to keep the acquisition cost low.
ongc has cash reserve of rs 13,014 crore and to fund the government stake acquisition in hpcl it will have to borrow at least rs 18,000 crore, they said.
if the open offer is made, additional borrowings would have to be done.
there are only six major companies in the oil sector - ongc and oil india ltd being the oil producers, indian oil corp (ioc), hpcl and bpcl in refinery business and gail in midstream gas transportation business.
the rest such as ongc videsh, chennai petroleum corp (cpcl), numaligarh refinery ltd and mrpl are already subsidiaries of one of these six psus.
sources said the options were very limited and ongc chose hpcl over bpcl.
hpcl will add 23.
8 million tonnes of annual oil refining capacity to ongc's portfolio, making it the third-largest refiner in the country after ioc and reliance industries.
ongc already is majority owner of mrpl, which has a 15- million tons refinery.
sources said ongc buying hpcl will require two sets of cabinet approval - one where the government approves sale of its all or part of its 51.
11 per cent stake to ongc, and the other for allowing ongc to spend the money on stake buy.
by ptinew delhi: within hours of the interim budget being presented in parliament friday, a petition was filed in the supreme court seeking that it be quash on the alleged ground that there is no constitutional provision for an interim budget.
the petition, filed by advocate manohar lal sharma, submitted that under the constitution, there is only provision for presenting a full annual budget and vote-on-account.
a vote-on-account is an approval taken in an election year for a limited period for government spending; a full-fledged budget is presented later by the newly elected government.
the interim budget was presented in the lok sabha by finance minister piyush goyal proposing an array of incentives for both middle class and farmers.
the 2019 lok sabha elections are scheduled to take place within a few months.
in december last year, the top court had imposed a cost of rs 50,000 on sharma for filing a public interest litigation against the then finance minister arunjaitley over an issue related to the reserve bank of india's capital reserve.
by ptinew delhi: ruling out referring the rafale deal to a parliamentary panel, finance minister arunjaitley sunday launched a blistering attack on the congress, calling it bad losers and said the cag's view of the deal is not relevant after the supreme court's clean chit.
also read | rafale deal: government moves sc seeking correction in para which makes reference to cag report, pacthe congress, which was not a petitioner before the apex court, wants the rafale deal to be referred to a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) to go into the price arrived at by the bjp government versus the one negotiated by the previous upa regime, as also how billionaire anil ambani's group with virtually no experience in manufacture of fighter jets was selected as an offset partner for the deal.
after the supreme court has spoken the last word, it gets legitimacy.
a political body can never come to a finding contrary to what the court has said, arunjaitley wrote in a facebook blog, titled 'rafale - lies, shortlived lies and now further lies?
'.
this was factually and accurately stated by the government before the court.
the audit review of rafale is pending before the cag.
all facts are shared with it.
when its report is out, it will go to the pac.
notwithstanding this factually correct statement made, if an ambiguity has emerged in the court order, the correct course is for anyone to apply / mention before the court and have it corrected, he said.
the correct picture has been presented to court and it must now be left to the wisdom of the court to state at which stage the cag review is pending.
the cag review is not relevant to the final findings on procedure, pricing and offset suppliers.
but bad losers never accept the truth.
having failed in multiple lies they have now started an innuendo about the judgement, he said.
jaitley said congress, having failed in their initial falsehood, is now manufacturing further lies about the judgement.
on facts it lied.
the judgement of the supreme court conclusively establishes the congress party's vulnerabilities in a discussion on defence transactions.
it will be a great opportunity to remind the nation of the legacy of the congress party and its defence acquisitions - a great opportunity indeed for some of us to speak, he wrote.
the finance minister, who had alongside the defence minister led a spirited counter-attack against the congress on friday post the supreme court ruling, said the opponents of the rafale deal had a choice of forum to present their side, and they chose the supreme court.
the court conducts a judicial review, it is a non-partisan, independent and a fair constitutional authority.
the court's verdict is final.
it can't be reviewed by anyone except by the court itself, he said.
is a committee of politicians both legally and in terms of human resources capable of reviewing issues already decided by the supreme court?
on areas such as procedure, offset suppliers and pricing, can a parliamentary committee take a different view of what the court has said?
, he said, asking if a contract be breached, nation's security be compromised and the pricing data be made available to parliament or its panel.
he asked what was the experience of jpc when it took up the bofors deal -- the only occasion when it investigated a defence transaction.
the b. shankaranand committee in 1987-88 went into the bofors transaction.
since parliamentarians are always split on party lines, it came out with a finding that no kickbacks were paid and the monies paid to the middlemen were 'winding up' charges.
at that time only win chaddha appeared to be a middlemen.
but then others including ottavio quattrocchi, whose bank accounts got detected subsequently, were not entitled to any winding up charges, he wrote.
rafale, he said, is a combat aircraft with its weaponry required to improve the strike ability of the indian air force.
as a political opponent rahul gandhi's opposition to the deal was a desperate attempt.
it was the upa government which had shortlisted the rafale as it was technically the best and the cheapest, he said.
jaitley also said prime minister narendra modi, in an inter-governmental agreement, struck a deal with the french government to further improve the terms and conditions, including the prices on which the upa had agreed.
he claimed gandhi's opposition was because modi has run the cleanest ever government in recent indian history.
secondly, rahul gandhi has the burden of a stigmatised legacy which was tainted by bofors.
he was desperate trying to bring an 'immoral equivalence' between rafale and bofors.
but rafale did not have middlemen, no kickbacks and obviously no ottavio quattrocchi, he said.
thirdly, with international cooperation and governmental cooperation, scamsters of the upa government are now being extradited into india.
there is obviously a scare of who will talk how much, he said.
new delhi: the goods and services tax (gst) council has finalised five more sets of draft rules on registration, payment, refund, returns and invoices, but have raised concerns on service tax assessments  a matter that had been agreed on by the states and the centre at the last meeting.
the council has representatives of all the states and has resolved six issues in two meetings in the span of a single week.
the gst council has also strongly advocated availability of the required information technology network in all parts of the country, especially in small towns and rural areas, to ensure that the gst system will work well online.
members also sought clarity and transparency on where taxes will be collected, assessed and appeal will be filed in the gst regime.
the members have recommended exempting certain essential items from the gst and a moderate rate of taxation on other items.
this will provide relief to citizens and will bring down the prices of consumption items as well as cost of living at large, said the council.
government is working on a target date of april 1, 2017 for the rollout of goods and services tax.
members suggested that an awareness campaign should be initiated especially for small traders.
under area-based exemptions, arunjaitley explained that the centre will reimburse only 58 per cent, who will reimburse the remaining 42 per cent will be decided at next meeting.
asked how the supply contracts, where both goods and services components are there, would be taxed in the gst regime, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia said the matter has been referred to the officers committee.
discussions on service tax assessment and the formula for calculating compensation to be paid to states in case of revenue shortfall as a result of implementation of the gst regime, possibly from april 1, 2017, will be taken up at the next meeting on october 18-20.
the government is targeting november 22 for completing major work on deciding tax rate, exemptions and draft legislation by the council.
now after this, two items remain.
the non-ratification of even one item on the minutes would mean that the whole minutes of the meeting are not agreed upon.
chandigarh: the income tax department has filed a charge sheet against punjab congress chief amarinder singh in connection with its probe against him and his son in a case of alleged untaxed foreign assets.
official sources said the department filed the prosecution complaint (equivalent to a police charge sheet) in a competent court in ludhiana in punjab yesterday and the former chief minister has been charged under section 277 of the i-t act (false statement in verification) and ipc sections 176 (omission to give notice or information to public servant by person legally bound to give it), 177 (furnishing false information), 193 (punishment for false evidence) and 199 (false statement made in declaration which is by law receivable as evidence).
amarinder took to twitter to accuse finance minister arunjaitley of complicity.
i challenged arunjaitley to fight by-elections in amritsar and this is how he responds.
so predictable!
, he tweeted.
according to the complaint, a copy of which was accessed by pti, the i-t department said during its investigations singh was found to be the beneficiary of a trust and other properties owned and created by his son raninder in a foreign territory and when questioned about these, the congress chief ministerial candidate for the state gave a false statement on oath about the ownership of these assets.
it said singh was actively involved in the creation of these trusts and foreign properties which were not disclosed to the department for tax purposes.
the department has already filed a similar complaint against raninder and has charged him under section 276c of the i-t act in the case (wilful attempt to evade tax) and the same charges would now apply on the senior singh.
the case came to light when the income tax department received information about raninder allegedly holding the offshore account in switzerland as part of details received by the central board of direct taxes from its french counterparts in 2011.
the department had also detected movement of funds to switzerland and creation of a trust and a few subsidiaries in the tax haven of british virgin islands allegedly by raninder.
both amarinder and raninder have denied any wrongdoing and termed as false the charges.
based on the earlier i-t department charge sheet, the enforcement directorate too had registered a case against raninder under the provisions of the foreign exchange management act (fema) sometime back and has also questioned him.
jaitley had lost the amritsar lok sabha seat in 2014 to amarinder singh.
only yesterday amarinder had dared arunjaitley to contest the amritsar bypoll again, saying let it be a referendum on the narendra modi government's demonetisation move.
the 1984 anti-sikh riots followed assassination of the then prime minister indira gandhi leaving nearly 3,000 people dead.
terming the 'operation blue star' as a historic blunder, the minister said the period from 1984 to 1998 was one of cover-up where all cases were buried  as though, the 1984 genocide had not happened.
it was again narendra modi government which in 2015 appointed a special investigative team (sit) headed by justice g p mathur, a retired judge of the supreme court.
the sit detected a large number of cases where the accused were prima facie guilty but even charge sheets have not been filed.
the case in which delhi court yesterday has convicted two people, sentencing one of them to death was prosecuted after decades by this sit.
subsequently, this sit got subsumed in another sit headed by justice s.n. dhingra, a retired high court judge.
the subsequent sit was appointed by the supreme court, the minister said.
jaitley said yesterday justice has been done in one case and there are thousands of such cases which required a similar punishment in 1980s itself.
success has been achieved in one case.
the indian society and particularly the sikh community wants a closure of the horrible memories of 1984.
we owe to the victims that the other cases suggested by the sit for investigation and prosecution be vigorously pursued.
the same is being done.
the sit is investigating nearly 60 cases related to the riots, while it has filed untraced report in 52 cases.
this was one of the most unfortunate and condemnable acts in indian history.
it also indicated a failure of governance.
the fallout of this was not anticipated.
it proved to be catastrophic, he said.
jaitley said the congressmen led groups of mourners and protesters shouting 'khoon ka badla khoon' and this provocative slogan was shown in television on doordarshan continuously in round-the-clock telecast.
he said anti-sikh violence started in several parts of the country.
delhi was the worst affected.
congressmen led violent mobs, he said, adding the police colluded with them, did not fire, lathi charge or even teargas the mobs.
the rioters were given a free hand to kill and loot.
places of worship of the sikh community were damaged.
sikh houses were burnt.
their trade establishments were looted.
thousands of innocents, men, women and children were burnt, were mutilated.
the police did not even register the first information reports, the minister recalled.
the senior bjp leader further said the 'operation bluestar' proved to be a historic blunder.
it was poorly planned and terribly executed.
bluestar succeeded in hurting the psyche of india's most patriotic community.
a myopic government did not consider the political cost of this move, he added.
by uninew delhi: close on the heels of a section of congress leaders maintaining that no one knows prime minister narendra modi's 'father's name' vis-a-vis dynastic politics pursued by the grand of old party, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said that contribution of other stalwarts such as sardar vallabhbhai patel and subhash chandra bose was downplayed.
the contribution of other great stalwarts like patel and subhash chandra bose is downplayed.
members of one family are projected as larger than life, mr arunjaitley wrote in his blog posted on facebook.
lashing out at the congress leadership for always trying to glamorise only one family, mr arunjaitley sounded critical of pt jawaharlal nehru and wrote: in fact, upon sardar patel's death in mumbai, prime minister nehru requested many of his cabinet colleagues that the best tribute to the sardar would be to work on the day of his funeral and not go to mumbai.
the then head of state - that is president rajendra prasad - and several union ministers defied the advice, he said.
the proposal for building his statue at vijay chowk was rejected.
the country had to be satisfied with the installation of his statue at a traffic round-about on parliament street.
jaitley gave the title of the blog as - what was the name of sardar patel's father.
commenting days after congress leader and former union minister vilas muttemwar had questioned mr modi's lineage, the finance minister said: the congress considers only a great surname as a political brand.
the debate whether india should be a dynastic democracy has been ignited by a self-goal of the congress party.
the prime minister's mother's age was made a subject matter of the electoral debate.
his father's anonymity was commented upon as an inadequate credential of the prime minister.
mr arunjaitley stated that the argument given by the congress leader is that if you represent the legacy of a well-known family, it is a political point in your favour.
millions of talented political workers who come from modest family backgrounds would fail by the congress test of leadership.
merit, talent, ability to inspire and lead would not be a virtue, he said.
courting controversies, after raj babbar and c p joshi, congress leader from maharashtra muttemwar had said: who knew you (modi) before you became the prime minister.
even now, nobody knows the name of your father, but everybody knows the name of (congress president) rahul gandhi's father.
a host of bjp leaders have blasted congress and took strong exceptions in making mr modi's humble background an issue during election campaigning.
prime minister himself during an election rally at chhatarpur in poll-bound madhya pradesh flayed congress for dragging his mother into politics in reference to raj babbar's comment that the value of rupee was sliding as 'the age of pm modi.
bjp chief amit shah had also attacked congress on the same issue.
two recent non-family members who served as congress presidents were treated in the most shabby manner possible.
shri pv narasimha rao's body was never allowed inside the congress office.
shri sitaram kesri, a towering leader, was roughed up by goons loyal to we know who, mr shah tweeted last week.
new delhi: the government is expected to raise rs 1,00,000 crore of additional taxes under the income disclosure scheme ii (ids ii), which in turn will help contain the 2017-18 fiscal deficit, a report stated.
according to bank of america merrill lynch (bofa-ml), besides containing the fiscal deficit, the additional taxes under the ids ii would fund the 7th pay commission as well as recapitalise psu banks without cutting back on public capex.
we continue to expect the government to raise about rs 1,000 billion/0.
7 per cent of gdp of additional taxes under income disclosure scheme ii, bofa-ml said in a research note.
it further noted that this should allow finance minister arunjaitley to hold the fy18 fiscal deficit at 3.
5 per cent of gdp - same as fy17's - and at the same time fund the 7th pay commission and recapitalise psu banks, without cutting back on public capex.
the government on december 16 had announced that the second income disclosure scheme (ids ii) will run till march 31.
under this scheme, black money hoarders would have time until march end to come clean by paying 50 per cent tax on bank deposits of junked currencies post demonetisation.
for those holding unaccounted cash, it offered a new tax evasion amnesty scheme wherein 50 per cent tax will be charged on declarations and a quarter of the total sum be parked in a non-interest bearing deposit for four years.
regarding how much the government can get by way of 'special dividend' from the rbi, bofa-ml said about rs 1,000 billion/0.
6 per cent of gdp, we continue to estimate, although we believe that the rbi should reduce 2017 omo instead.
an open market operation (omo) is a market operation conducted by rbi by way of sale/purchase of government securities to/from the market with an objective to adjust the rupee liquidity conditions in the market on a durable basis.
the report further noted that about rs 14,000 billion of the rs 15,300 billion of demonetised rs 500/1000 has already returned to the banks in line with our expectations.
if the rbi passes this as a 'special dividend' to the fiscal, it will allow budget 2017 to step up social sector spend and public investment, it added.
meanwhile, rbi governor urjit patel earlier this month had said: actually, the withdrawal of legal tender characteristics status does not extinguish any of rbi's balance sheet.
therefore, there is no implication on the balance sheet as of now.
the question of a special dividend automatically does not arise as of now.
new delhi: the bjp on monday finally set in motion the exercise to identify the next president of the country by constituting a panel of three senior ministers to explore the possibility of a consensus.
the bjps panel of ministers  rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu  has been given the mandate by the party chief amit shah to talk to other political parties even while the opposition has also formed a group for similar endeavour.
the bjp issued a brief statement on the constitution of the panel on the return of shah from his chattisgarh visit, stating that the ministers would talk to other political parties about the july 17 presidential election.
incidentally, sources said, the bjp panel has no name given as possible nominee to talk about with the opposition parties.
while singh is likely to reach out to the political outfit of the hindi heartland, naidu will be focussing on parties in the southern parts of the country.
jaitely is likely to hold talks with the congress leaders, besides reaching out to the trinamool congress and biju janata dal (bjd).
while the bjp has entered into adversarial relations with the tmc and bjd, jaitely apparently enjoys good rapport with the west bengal and odisa chief ministers mamata banerjee and navin patnaik respectively.
a senior bjp leader, while stating that none is aware about the possible names before the prime minister narendra modi and the party chief, said that none of the panel member is contender in the july 17 race.
incidentally, the 17-party opposition has also formed a nine members strong panel for the presidential election with mandate including identification of a nominee.
the panel consists of the congress leaders in both the houses of parliament  ghulam nabi azad and mallikarjuna kharge, besides senior jd (u) leader sharad yadav and others.
whether it is congress' 'shehzada', west bengal's 'didi', andhra pradesh's 'babu' or uttar pradesh's 'behenji', they all wish from their heart (to be the prime minister), but after elections, all of them will stand against each other.
they don't follow similar ideologies.
chaudhary charan singh experienced it for the first time.
later chandra shekhar, vp singh, hd deve gowda and i.k. gujral experienced it.
every time it proved to be a failure and it didn't last longer than a few months.
ambitions of the politicians started to clash it other.
jaitley went on to add that the governments formed under an alliance are so constrained, that when a single person takes back his support, then you never know the future of the government.
also present at the bjp national council meet were prime minister modi, defence minister nirmala sitharaman, and bjp president amit shah, among others.
speaking at the event, sitharaman said the bjp government has ensured that terrorism is not allowed to breed.
we have not had one major terrorist attack in this country after 2014.
this government under the leadership of prime minister modi has ensured one thing that there shall not be an opportunity for terrorists to disturb peace, she said at the gathering.
jaitley further said demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) will benefit the economy in the medium and long term and the country will again become the fastest growing large economy of the world next fiscal.
replying to a debate on budget 2018-19, the minister said that a lot of things have changed since the nda government took office in may 2014.
the narratives which we inherited and the narratives which we have now created are entirely different, he said referring to the initiatives taken by the government since 2014.
observing that india has missed the tag of fastest growing economy by 0.
it has only happened now, he added.
on impact of demonetisation, he said the growth fell only by 0.
4 per cent as against 2 per cent indicated by the congress.
we are now seeing personal income tax base increasing, digitisation increasing.
.
.
, he added.
jaitley said that in the budget he tried to take care of every section and has given relief to middle class as well as senior citizens.
the total cost of relief to salaried class is rs 8,000 crore, to the pensioners and senior citizens it was rs 4,000 crore.
even in challenging times to give rs 12,000 crore relief was demanding and yet i have kept the tradition of the last four budgets.
.
.
.
, he said.
stock market crash is due to global reasons and not because of imposition of ltcg, he said, adding the tax proposal could not have impacted the global markets.
whether it is demonetisation, gst, insolvency and bankruptcy code, these are difficult decisions.
that is the difference between the upa and the nda.
we know how to bite a bullet when decisions have to be taken, he added.
he also said that there is still a great potential for india to improve its ranking in world bank's ease of doing business index.
the minister admitted that structural reforms, including gst and demonetisation, have created momentary difficulty, but he said in the long run, they would bring huge dividend to the economy.
the finance minister further said that the government has followed fiscal prudence and would continue to do so in future.
referring to the gst, he said the government has been able to stabilise its implementation in a matter of months.
we have started rationalising the gst rates, he said, adding the effort has been to bring them down with increase in revenue collection.
he said the effective rate of tax on certain items was 31 per cent during the upa regime, but the congress now wants the current government to cap taxation at 18 per cent.
new delhi: upset over the meagre amount of rs 2,000 crores sanctioned by the central government, two protesters from tiruchy, tamil nadu climbed a tree at jantar mantar as if to commit suicide.
since the last 13 days we are sitting on the hunger strike but no one is considering our plea.
central government is not taking any action and has only granted rs 2,000 crore to the whole state.
all the ministers are coming and saying we are considering.
so until and unless our demands are met we wont be leaving the national capital said ramesh who attempted to commit suicide.
in a form of protest, the farmers also demonstrated death rituals practiced in the tamil community when a person dies.
earlier in the day, the tamil film union joined the protest of the farmers.
actors prakash raj, vishal, abhi saravan, soundararaja and director pandian rajan joined to show solidarity to the farmers.
the actors also promised to help and raise funds to help the famers pay the bank loans.
later all these actors met finance minister arunjaitley and submitted a memorandum.
the banks are not even giving education loan to us, my education has been buried, what will we do, my parents are farmers, we don't have any other option other than killing ourselves said 19 year old akhilan who also attempted to commit suicide.
the farmers have planned to organize a big protest on march 27th .
delhi tamils, students and other farmers unions such as bhartiya kisan manch, which had organised a big rally in delhi in 1980s, from various states will join the protest.
it has been more than two weeks since farmers have been protesting at jantar mantar demanding a drought relief package of rs 40,000 crore from the centre for tamil nadu, farm loan waiver, setting up of the cauvery management board and the unification of rivers among others.
new delhi: not unexpected, the cash crisis or demonetisation dominated the political discourse inside parliament and outside on wednesday, on the first day of the winter session.
didi, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, led a protest march to rashtrapati bhawan with former j&k cm omar abdullah, ruling party ally shiv sena, and a retinue of small opponents  hardik patels fledgling outfit, aap, and the ex-punjab assembly speaker; while the opposition heavyweights stayed put in the upper house to corner the government through a debate.
from calling the move tuglaqi (anand sharma, cong) or accusingly referring to prime minister as modi antoinette (sitaram yechury, cpi-m) to demanding a joint parliamentary probe on the alleged selective leak of information to friends of bjp, it was a day filled with fire and brimstone.
if there was any added embarrassment for the government in finding ally shiv sena in the opposite camp  bsp chief mayawati tellingly commented on finance minister arunjaitley glum look  it was lessened a bit by bihar chief minister nitish kumars unqualified support from patna.
well, the fortresses looked breached on both sides.
the silver lining for the government was, no one, not even the sena which walked in protest hand-in-hand with didi, asked for a rollback of the decision, ostensibly taken to fight corruption and fake-currency-funded terrorism.
the government braced itself up to the opposition attack.
power minister piyush goyal and i&b/parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu powered the counter argument in the house.
the pm, they said, had delivered on his promise to root out black money, made during 2014 elections, won in the haze of scam allegations against the then ruling dispensation, the congress/upa.
but accusations of mishandling the currency reform persisted, in fact allegations flew thick and wild.
the plight of the common man  as in the small trader, the farmer and the housewife  was the leitmotif of the opposition attack.
wit and humour was not missing though.
after submitting a memorandum to president pranab mukherjee to bring immediate succour to the hapless citizens in banks queues across the country, banerjee renamed atm aayega toh milega.
her arch rival, yechury took recourse to an allegory.
the government, he said, dried up the pond in hope of catching the crocodile, little realising that the crocodile escaped to the land, and now the life of the small fish was under threat.
the political leaders were undoubtedly picking up their cues from social media.
sharma opening the debate was a bit more scathing than either yechury or jd-us sharad yadav.
yadav ribbed the fm  im sure you did not know about this surgical strike (demonetisation) otherwise you would have alerted me, your old friend.
but sharma targeted the pm, questioning how the bjp paid for his recent rally in ghazipur rally with cheque or credit card.
the demonetisation move perceived to be giving a fillip to plastic economy and digital platforms, like paytm, was portrayed by the opposition as elitist and pro-business.
friendlier parties,like aiadmk too criticised the government for not taking enough measures to ease the pain of the common man faced with its decision to demonetise rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes, and asked for a course correction.
outside a bhiwandi court in maharashtra, congress vice president rahul gandhi maintained his tirade against the pm, accusing his government of going only after small traders, but not netting in the big fish.
he said, he has not seen the rich and well-heeled queuing up for either withdrawing or for depositing their money, seen no sacks, suggesting that demonetisation was no social equaliser as had been claimed.
new delhi: income tax department today warned people against indulging in cash transaction of rs 2 lakh or more saying that the receiver of the amount will have to cough up an equal amount as penalty.
it also advised people having knowledge of such dealings to tip-off the tax department by sending an email to 'blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.
in'.
the government has banned cash transactions of rs 2 lakh or more from april 1, 2017, through the finance act 2017.
the newly inserted section 269st in the income tax act bans such cash dealings on a single day, in respect of a single transaction or transactions relating to one event or occasion from an individual.
contravention of section 269st would entail levy of 100 per cent penalty on receiver of the amount, the tax department said in a public advertisement in leading dailies.
in the 2017-18 budget, finance minister arunjaitley had proposed to ban cash transaction of over rs 3 lakh.
this limit was lowered to rs 2 lakh as an amendment to the finance bill, which was passed by the lok sabha in march.
the restriction is not applicable to any receipt by government, banking company, post office savings bank or cooperative bank, the tax department said.
the move to ban cash transaction above a threshold was aimed at curbing black money by discouraging cash transaction and promoting digital economy.
the tax department had started the email address 'blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.
in' in december last year post the demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes.
it had then asked people having knowledge about conversion of black money into black/white to inform the government through this mail id.
post the demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes, people with unaccounted wealth had illegally converted their black money held in old notes to new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes.
the government had come out with a tax amnesty scheme pmgky (pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana) under which people holding unaccounted cash could come clean by declaring their wealth and pay 50 per cent as tax and penalty.
also, a mandatory deposit of 25 per cent of the black money was to be made in a zero-interest bearing account for four years.
new delhi: india is likely to miss a self-imposed deadline to launch the goods and services tax (gst) from april after a meeting of federal and state officials ended on sunday without deciding who would administer the tax.
central and state finance officials failed to resolve their differences amid acrimony over prime minister narendra modi's shock decision last month to abolish high-value banknotes in an attempt to combat tax evasion, forgery and corruption.
the officials agreed to meet again on dec.
the long-awaited gst would turn asia's third-largest economy into a single market for the first time, broaden the tax base and make life simpler for businesses that now pay a host of federal and state levies.
jaitley said the government remains hopeful of implementing the new law from april 1, but officials said the gst is likely to be delayed by at least three months because the passage of legislation would slip.
at sunday's talks some states raked up the issue of compensation for revenues they fear losing after the launch of the tax, as well as the economic shock from modi's crackdown on the cash economy, which has caused huge disruption to people's daily lives and to businesses.
calling demonetisation a tsunami that had hit economic activity across the country, west bengal finance minister amit mitra has said that the government should consider deferring the launch of new sales tax.
under a constitutional amendment that enabled the gst, india needs to roll out the new sales tax in sept.
2017 when the old system of indirect taxation is due to lapse.
jaitley does not favour dual agencies auditing and scrutinising each taxpayer, saying that multiple authorities could end up acting at cross-purposes, but states are reluctant to relinquish their role.
new delhi: indian government is pushing state-owned steel, power and shipping firms to take over assets of private companies that have defaulted on loans, but faces resistance from them, leaving it scrambling to clear a $135 billion pile of stressed loans from banks' books.
over the past two years, prime minister narendra modi's government has pushed banks to recognise non-performing assets, make adequate provisions for them and try to raise capital from outside to bolster their balance sheets.
but, facing an end-march deadline to declare all bad loans on their books, the mostly state-owned banks have struggled to do any of that.
the problem loans are limiting their ability to lend, weighing on india's growth prospects.
they also risk straining government finances, as it must find the money to bear the higher recapitalisation burden.
last month, steel ministry officials met with modi to outline measures to revive a sector reeling under bad loans and cheap chinese imports.
days later, in a renewed push, finance minister arunjaitley met with top lenders, including state bank of india and icici bank, steel and shipping ministry officials and some state-owned companies.
he gave the state-owned firms a list of 23 troubled steel, power and shipping companies with bad loans totalling $14.
5 billion, according to government officials and minutes of the meeting seen by reuters.
the state-owned firms were encouraged to buy at least one asset and take a minority stake in a company on the list.
alternatively, banks were asked to approach state-owned companies for help in operating and managing assets the lenders had taken over via debt-for-equity swaps, the minutes show.
most of the companies on the list were steelmakers, including bhushan steel, essar steel and electrosteel steels.
those three companies declined to comment for this article.
no sailsteel authority of india ltd (sail), the country's biggest steel producer, initially turned down the government proposal, saying its own finances were not up to buying troubled assets from others, three officials with direct knowledge of the matter told reuters.
later, the steel ministry told the prime minister's office (pmo) that it needed banks to be more flexible with bad loans before asking sail for help, one of the officials said, adding sail might then reconsider taking over assets.
sail declined comment.
it was not immediately clear whether any other state-owned company had taken up, or rejected, the government proposal.
the finance ministry, steel ministry and pmo did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
the fraught negotiations, details of which have not been previously reported, underscore the depth and complexity of the problem, and suggest india's bad loan crisis is likely to persist for longer than the government has projected.
banks are under pressure to find buyers for the debt-for-equity stakes they hold in the nearly two dozen companies on jaitley's list, and would take big haircuts on stake sales, the minutes of the meeting show.
the sale of at least some of those troubled assets to state-owned firms would set a precedent and make it easier politically for banks to sell the rest of the assets to private buyers.
the idea was to set an example, one government official said.
tomorrow, the banks can give 30-40 percent haircut and nobody will question.
new delhi: as protests continued in the lok sabha over the granting of special category status to andhra pradesh, the centre on monday said that it was at a fairly advanced stage of discussions with the state government and a solution was imminent.
finance minister arunjaitley also admitted that at the time of division of the state, the issue of revenue and finances had been unfair to andhra pradesh, which has to be compensated.
we are at a fairly advanced stage in discussions with the andhra pradesh chief minister and will shortly arrive at a solution, he said.
members of the ysr congress had been protesting in the house since the day began with many trooping into the well of the house shouting slogans like we want justice.
ysr congress leader mekapati rajamohan reddy said that then prime minister manmohan singh had promised special category status to andhra pradesh.
the leaders of the then opposition party (the bjp) arunjaitley and venkaiah naidu had pitched for ten years for special category status to the state, mekapati rajamohan reddy said.
he recalled that bjp leaders at that time were saying that since they are going to come to power in the next polls, they will give special category status to andhra pradesh and it was included in the manifestos of both bjp and tdp.
but injustice is being done to the five crore people of andhra pradesh, he said.
reddy said.
if they are not fulfilling the promises, what is the sanctity of the government?
it is our right to protest against the lapses of the government, he said.
on his part, tdps rammohan naidu said every district of andhra pradesh was getting a meagre rs 50 crore per year, but this amount was peanuts and pumpkins.
by ptinew delhi: the government wants greater involvement in the rbi's decision making as it feels the current practice leaves it out on many critical issues like single-day default turning a loan into an npa, sources said ahead of the crucial board meeting of the central bank.
the government feels that as the representative of the people, it should be involved in critical policy decisions made by the reserve bank of india (rbi), they added.
to buttress its point, sources said the government cites that quorum for some of the sub-committees is completed by the presence of the governor and four deputy governors and not requiring any other directors to be present.
however, the central board of the rbi is headed by the governor and includes two government nominee directors and 11 independent directors.
currently, the central board has 18 members, with the provision of it going up to 21.
the board is scheduled to meet on monday where the government is expected to push for easing of norms for lending to the msme sector, relaxing the prompt corrective action (pca) framework for weak banks and appropriate size of reserve to be maintained by the central bank, among others.
sources also said the government and reserve bank seem to be veering around to reach an agreeable solution, particularly with respect to relaxation of pca framework and easing of lending norms for the micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes).
if not in this board meeting, the issue of relaxation of pca framework which the finance ministry has been pitching for would be reached in the next few weeks, sources added.
as a result of the relaxation, some banks may come out of the pca framework by the end of the current fiscal.
of the 21 state-owned banks, 11 are under the pca framework.
these are allahabad bank, united bank of india, corporation bank, idbi bank, uco bank, bank of india, central bank of india, indian overseas bank, oriental bank of commerce, dena bank and bank of maharashtra.
the pca framework kicks in when banks breach any of the three key regulatory trigger points -- namely capital to risk-weighted assets ratio, net non-performing assets (npa) and return on assets (roa).
the rbi is also likely to agree to easing of lending norms for msmes, including strict rating criteria, to improve credit flow to this sector, sources said.
besides, the central bank is expected to consider special dispensation for the msme sector and non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) which have been facing liquidity issues.
the government feels that msmes, which employ about 12 crore people, play a critical role in the economy, and the sector which was hit by demonetisation and implementation of the goods and services tax (gst) needs some support.
however, the central bank has been averse to the government's demand for special dispensation for msme and nbfc sectors as it consider them to be vulnerable.
it is only a strong banking system that will be able to improve credit in those sectors which really need credit, the finance minister had said, adding, the msme sector needs credit, several other players in the market need credit.
nbfcs today need credit because a large part of lending is done by them.
new delhi: kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday said the centrea demonetisation move has inconvenienced people and the centre has agreed to open extension counters of banks at sabarimala for the smooth conduct of the sabarimala pilgrimage, that begins on november 16.
talking to reporters after meeting union finance minister arunjaitley here in the national capital, the kerala cm said sabarimala pilgrimage will start in a few days and we have apprised the union finance minister about the difficulties that pilgrims would face due to demonetisation.
the minister has agreed to open extension counters of banks at sabarimala, the cm informed.
vijayan said he has conveyed his concerns over the way the government has conducted the demonetization of currency, as 84 per cent of it, which were in circulation, has been demonetized without any backup.
there is no backup for the currencies which was withdrawn.
the lapse on the part of narendra modi's government was a grave one and that should not have happened, vijayan said after opening the kerala pavilion at the 36th edition of india international trade fair at pragati maidan here in the national capital.
vijayan said he is concerned over the smooth conduct of the sabarimala pilgrimage which is set to begin on november 16 in the kerala.
he said that people were suffering across the nation because of lack of planning by the union government.
vijayan made it clear that his government is not against curbing black money but was against the steps which cause hardship to common people.
we are not against curbing black money.
but taking steps which ultimately affects the common people of the country is not something we are in favour of.
this decision was taken much earlier.
but the common man was unaware and it caused trouble, he said.
the cm and state finance minister thomas issac during their meeting with arunjaitley also pushed for service cooperative banks and state's treasury, be given the status of banks.
such a status has already been given to district banks, he added.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on sunday wondered why congress president rahul gandhi gets disturbed when integrity issues of his late father rajiv gandhi-led government are raised and the 'q' connection in the bofors gun-deal is questioned.
responding to comments of modi that rajiv gandhi's life ended as bhrashtachari no 1, rahul gandhi had tweeted: modi ji, the battle is over.
your karma awaits you.
projecting your inner beliefs about yourself onto my father won't protect you.
all my love and a huge hugmodi ji,the battle is over.
your karma awaits you.
projecting your inner beliefs about yourself onto my father wont protect you.
all my love and a huge hug.
rahul  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) may 5, 2019jaitley in his tweet said, why is rahul gandhi so disturbed if the integrity issues of the rajiv gandhi government are raised?
why did ottavio quattrocchi get kickbacks in bofors?
who was the 'q' connection?
no reply has come.
follow our full election coverage heremodi, addressing a poll rally in uttar pradesh on saturday, had targeted the former prime minister while attacking rahul.
your father (rajiv gandhi) was termed mr clean by his courtiers, but his life ended as bhrashtachari no 1, modi had said.
why is rahul gandhi so disturbed if integrity issues of the rajiv gandhi government are raised?
why did ottavio quattrocchi get kickbacks in bofors?
who was the q connection?
no reply has come.
chowkidar arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) may 5, 2019jaitley said that even former prime minister indira gandhi was also assassinated and yet the congress is questioned about the emergency and the operation blue star.
the dynast can attack the integrity of india's prime minister - a man of utmost honesty.
does he believe that the dynasty does not have to answer any questions?
the minister said.
the bofors defence deal was believed to be one of the primary reasons for the rajiv gandhi-led congress's defeat in the 1989 lok sabha polls.
dr manmohan singh left behind in 2014 an economic slowdown, policy paralysis and corruption.
he brought down his party to lowest ever strength in parliament.
india was a part of the fragile five.
dr. manmohan singh left behind in 2014 an economic slowdown, policy paralysis and corruption.
he brought down his party to lowest ever strength in parliament.
india was a part of the fragile five.
chowkidar arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) may 5, 2019in an interview to pti, singh on sunday said india is headed for an economic slowdown and accused the modi government of leaving the economy in dire straits due to its lack of economic vision.
singh also alleged that the lack of any vision or understanding of the country's dynamics of the economy by the narendra modi-led government has led to disruptive decisions like demonetisation.
new delhi: the government is eyeing rs 3,000 -4000 crore surplus funds lying with markets regulator sebi as part of exercise to mop up non-tax revenue to bridge the fiscal deficit gap, a senior official has said.
the government has already sought dividend of about rs 13,000 crore from the reserve bank of india for 2016-17.
sebi (the securities and exchange board of india) has two kind of money.
one what they earn as penalties and fine etc.
that belongs to the government that they regularly deposit.
.
.
the other one that they earn by way of fee and other decision.
they have run up into some surplus already.
so, there is that should be kept in public account rather than banks.
that is being discussed.
that amount is not very large, it's around rs 3,000-4000 crore, economic affairs secretary s c garg told pti in an interview.
asked about additional surplus transfer by the reserve bank of india (rbi), garg said, the central government has asked for remaining part lying with the central bank to be transfered during the current fiscal.
we have asked for remaining part of the surplus which is about rs 13,000 crore.
the rbi has made certain suggestions.
it is being discussed with the rbi.
the money should come before march 31, he said.
in august, the rbi had paid a dividend of rs 30,659 crore for the fiscal ended june 2017.
it was less than half the rs 65,876 crore it had paid in 2015-16.
the government had budgeted for a rs 58,000 crore dividend from the rbi in its budget for this fiscal year.
rbi's profit was about rs 44,000 crore, of which rs 30,000 crore has been distributed and rs 13,000 crore it retained towards risks and reserves.
so the government has made a suggestion that the rs 13,000 crore may also be transferred, he had said.
in the budget for 2017-18, finance minister arunjaitley had pegged dividend income from the rbi, public sector banks and financial institutions at rs 74,901 crore.
however, as per the revised estimate it was substantially lowered down to rs 54,810 crore from the earlier estimate of rs 74,901 crore.
public sector banks still struggled to make profits because of the heavy stressed asset load on their balance sheets.
by ptinew delhi: the press council of india has decided against issuing a directive to the media prohibiting the use of the word dalit, saying a blanket ban was neither advisable nor feasible.
in august, the ministry of information and broadcasting had issued an advisory to all private satellite tv channels, urging them to refrain from using the nomenclature 'dalit' for people belonging to scheduled castes in compliance with a bombay high court directive.
the press council of india (pci), in its decision, that was made earlier but ratified during a meeting on thursday, said it had an in-depth deliberation on the order of the bombay high court's nagpur bench.
it (the council) opined that it is advisable not to issue direction/orders prohibiting the use of the word 'dalit' in all circumstances, the order said.
pci chairperson c k prasad, while replying to a question on the issue of the use of the term 'dalit' during a media interaction, noted that the bombay high court directed the i&b ministry to consider issuing such a directive.
the order of the bombay high court was forwarded to us.
the council discussed that and has taken a decision that to prohibit the use of the word 'dalit' in all circumstances will not be advisable.
maybe in a given case the use of the term 'dalit' may be necessary, and therefore we have said absolute prohibition is not feasible, it is not advisable, he said.
the court directive in june had come on a petition filed before the nagpur bench of the high court.
in its advisory, the i&b advisory also cited a ministry of social justice and empowerment circular of march 15, advising the central and state governments to use the term 'scheduled caste'.
the use of the term 'dalit' has to be judged on a case by case basis, prasad said.
we cannot have general guidelines that in no circumstances, the expression 'dalit' can be used, he added.
during the interaction on the eve of national press day, the pci chief also talked about the paid news phenomenon and asserted that the council takes complaints related to it seriously.
however, he said, the benefit of the doubt always goes to the media.
on a question about fake and paid news gaining ground with elections approaching, prasad said the election commission of india has written to them and has formed a committee in which pci members have been included.
on national press day friday, veteran journalist and hindu publishing group chairman n ram will be presented with the prestigious raja ram mohan roy award for his outstanding contribution towards journalism.
awards in other categories will also be presented.
finance minister arunjaitley will inaugurate the celebrations in new delhi on friday.
delegates from neighbouring press councils of saarc countries -- nepal, bangladesh, sri lanka and maldives will be present on the occasion.
new delhi: amarinder singh, the congress' deputy leader in the lok sabha, today met speaker sumitra mahajan and tendered his resignation from the house.
he had earlier announced his resignation in protest against the injustice meted out to the people of punjab following the november 10 supreme court verdict on the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal water sharing agreement which, he and most other state leaders have been opposing.
the syl agreement has become a major political issue in the poll-bound state in which singh, a former chief minister, is leading his party's campaign to capture the power from the sad-bjp alliance, which has been ruling for a decade.
he had said that he decided to quit the lok sabha as a mark of protest against the deprivation of the people of my state of the much-needed sutlej river water.
singh was elected to parliament defeating bjp heavyweight and now finance minister arunjaitley from the prestigious amritsar lok sabha seat.
by ptinew delhi: the congress thursday sought to distance itself from its leader b k hariprasad's comments on ailing bjp chief amit shah, saying the party wished good health to leaders of opposition parties so that they contest elections soon.
congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said their leader rahul gandhi has already wished good health to finance minister arunjaitley and there can be no doubt about the party's intent.
when the party president has very categorically wished good health to union minister arunjaitley and all the leaders of the bjp, then i think there can be no other question, doubt about the congress' intent and our good wishes to opposition leaders, she told reporters.
the congress leader said they might oppose opposition leaders over ideas but would never wish anything bad for them.
i wish good health to amit shah and bjp leaders ravi shankar prasad ji and arunjaitley ji and all their other leaders who may be getting treated in a hospital, chaturvedi said.
she said the congress wished them good health and speedy recovery so that they come back and contest elections.
when asked about the bjp's attack over hariprasad's remarks, she said, it reflects the mindset of bjp leaders who had made remarks about the ill-health of a leader of opposition when her health was not good.
whenever an opposition leader was unwell, we would not draw parallels of such mindset that bjp leaders displayed, chaturvedi said.
senior congress leader b k hariprasad thursday mocked bjp president amit shah over his health, saying he contracted swine flu since his party made an alleged bid to destabilise the congress-jds government in karnataka.
as a few legislators have already come back, amit shah is shaken and has got fever.
it is not a normal fever.
it is swine flu, hariprasad said in remarks made in kannada in bengaluru.
you should know that if you try to destabilise the karnataka government, not just swine flu, you will get vomiting and dysentery also, he added.
the remark by hariprasad, a rajya sabha mp and congress general secretary, sparked an angry reaction from the bjp with the party's karnataka unit calling him a rogue and describing his remarks as shameless that showed his party's culture and his mental stability.
the bjp also requested rahul gandhi to admit hariprasad to the national institute of mental health and neurosciences (nimhans) in bengaluru for treatment.
shah is down with swine flu and is admitted in aiims and he announced his sickness in a tweet.
by ptinew delhi: the ordinance making the practice of instant triple talaq a penal offence for muslim men was issued for the third time on thursday.
the law ministry said president ram nath kovind has signed the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) second ordinance, 2019.
on tuesday, the cabinet gave its nod to re-issuing of the contentious triple talaq ordinance.
a bill to ban the practice of talaq-e-biddat has been passed by lok sabha and is pending rajya sabha's nod where the government lacks numbers.
the bill is set to lapse with the dissolution of the present lok sabha on june 3.
the ordinance has been reissued for the third time in less then a year.
opposition parties and some community leaders have claimed that jail term for a man for divorcing his wife is legally untenable.
the government has asserted that it provides justice and equality to muslim women.
it (discussion) has not been prevented because numbers were against it.
indian democracy cannot be helpless.
extraordinary situations do call for such steps, he had said.
under the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) ordinance, 2019, divorcing through instant triple talaq will be illegal, void and would attract a jail term of three years for the husband the bill to convert the earlier ordinance, issued in september 2018, was cleared by lok sabha in december and is pending in rajya sabha.
since the bill could not get parliamentary approval, a fresh ordinance was issued.
seeking to allay fears that the proposed law could be misused, the government has included certain safeguards in it such as adding a provision of bail for the accused before trial.
these amendments were cleared by the cabinet on august 29, 2018.
while the ordinance makes it a non-bailable offence, an accused can approach a magistrate even before trial to seek bail.
in a non-bailable offence, bail cannot be granted by police at the police station itself.
a provision has been added to allow the magistrate to grant bail after hearing the wife, the government had said.
by ptinew delhi: with the effects of demonetisation and the transition hiccups of the gst firmly behind, india's economic growth is likely to pick up in the new year but rising oil prices and a firming inflation may spoil the party.
some believe 2017 is best forgotten as the twin blows of demonetisation and mangled goods and services tax (gst) ripped the economy for the most part.
by some accounts, loss to gdp has been estimated to be around 2 per cent of the gdp.
this translates into rs 3.
05 lakh crore considering 2016-17 gdp of rs 152.
51 lakh crore.
but the worse seems to be over and there are early signs of recovery.
after falling for five successive quarters from 9 per cent in the fourth quarter of fy2015-16 to a low of 5.
7 per cent in the first quarter of fy2017-18, the gdp growth at 6.
3 per cent in the july-september quarter of 2017-18 reversed the trend.
within gdp growth numbers, a highly encouraging sign is that while export growth has remained positive, import growth has fallen.
after the audacious november 8, 2016, decision to scrap high-value currency, prime minister narendra modi's government implemented bold reforms including rolling out gst from july 1 and the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc).
also, it committed to injecting sizeable capital into the banking sector to address the 'twin balance sheet' issue and works towards improving farm incomes.
while these reforms brought short-term economic pain, they have boosted india's medium-term outlook.
while moody's upgraded india's sovereign rating by one notch to baa2 and changed its outlook to stable from positive in november, world bank gave india a 30 place jump on its ease of doing business ranking.
the worst is over for gdp growth.
we expect growth to normalise gradually over the next four to six quarters as the disruptive impact of major policy changes fades, standard chartered said in its economic outlook in 2018 report.
while the economic growth bottomed out after slowing to a 13-quarter low of 5.
7 per cent in april-june 2017, it saw growth recovering further to 7 per cent over the next few quarters.
nomura says indian economy is expected to witness a sharp recovery in the january-march quarter and its gdp growth is likely to be around 7.
5 per cent for 2018.
also aiding the indian economy will be the extension of global growth surge of 2017 into the new year.
india, which has long tended to move in sync with the rest of the world, was the only major economy that didn't accelerate in 2017, thanks to twin effects of demonetisation and gst.
it is now expected to gain speed this year.
however, it will likely take india a few years to return to gdp growth levels of 7.
5 per cent and above (the economy grew 7.
9 per cent in the year ended march 2016).
this because of private investment  a current weak point for growth  is likely to take time to improve.
a big factor would be how oil prices move.
over the past three months, crude oil prices have increased by about 28 per cent -- from usd 52.
3 per barrel in august-end to around usd 67.
inflation too has risen to breach the target range.
higher oil prices not just threaten to fuel inflation, it may also lead to the widening of the current account deficit - a measure of trade and financial flows that shows how heavily a country relies on foreigners to finance its spending habits.
in the immediate term, the budget presentation on february 1 will set the agenda.
finance minister arunjaitley will have to do some tightrope walking as he seeks to address the challenges of job creation and rural distress, as well as concerns about fiscal slippages given the additional borrowings and gst collections falling short of the target.
will he slip back into populism, offering giveaways and subsidies in modi government's last full year budget before national elections in 2019 is a question everyone is asking?
it remains to be seen how he prioritises the competing objectives of supporting growth and achieving macroeconomic stability.
any which way, the government's hands are full.
it has to continue to respond to gst-related issues of the complex tax structure, higher rates and low compliance as well as ensuring progress on resolution of stressed assets under the ibc and the bank recapitalisation plan.
new delhi: the central and state governments on sunday reduced tax rates on 66 items.
certain kitchen items like pickles and mustard sauce as well as movie tickets costing up to rs 100 will be taxed less than originally planned.
movie tickets costing rs 100 and below will now attract 18 per cent goods and services tax (gst) as against 28 per cent proposed earlier, while those above rs 100 will continue to attract 28 per cent.
kitchen use items like pickles, mustard sauce and morabba will attract 12 per cent gst as against 18 per cent earlier.
also, tax rates on cashewnuts have been cut to 5 per cent from 12 per cent.
the gst council also decided that traders, manufacturers and restaurant owners with a turnover of up to rs 75 lakh can opt for a composition scheme and pay taxes at the rate of 1, 2, and 5 per cent respectively.
the council also lowered rates on children's drawing books to nil from 12 per cent.
computer printers will attract 18 per cent tax as against 28 per cent earlier.
the tax on insulin and agarbattis have also been lowered to 5 per cent, while school bags will attract tax of 18 per cent.
the tax rate on kajal has been lowered to 18 per cent from 28 per cent.
the next meeting of the council will be on june 18, when it will take up lottery taxes and e-way bills.
on the issue of review of the gst rate on hybrid cars, it was decided that the council will take it up after considering the states' comments on a detailed paper issued on the matter earlier.
here are the old gst rates and the revised rates for some of the items.
he was addressing a 'prabuddhjan sammelan' (intellectuals' meet) organised by the bjp, which was attended by doctors, lawyers, businessmen and other professionals.
the assembly elections of 2003 (when the congress was in power) were fought on three issues, roads, power and water.
the condition of roads was very poor then and i was advised by partymen to travel from one district to another by helicopter or train and not by road, he said.
the union minister said that in fifteen years, the bjp government in the state had improved the quality of roads and strengthened road connectivity, power and water supply.
in the agriculture sector, madhya pradesh had replaced punjab and become the foodgrain bowl of the country, he said.
he also claimed there was no social or economic discontent in the country.
had there been discontent, opposition parties would have launched a movement against the government, he said.
chandigarh: the demonetisation had no impact on the voters here, as it was a landslide victory for the bjp in the chandigarh municipal corporation (mc) elections results declared on tuesday, with the party winning 20 of the 26 seats.
despite the congress trying to cash in on the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in the municipal elections by highlighting the inconvenience the decision had caused to the general public, the voters evidently felt otherwise.
the congress was decimated to only four seats in the present house.
however, in the outgoing house it had nine seats, bjp had 15 councillors, bsp had one and another one was independent.
both the parties had used their star campaigners to convince general public.
senior congress leader shakil ahmed had visited the city during the campaigning and termed the move of the central government on demonetisation as something that had put the public to hardships.
the internal fight within the congress among pawan bansal, manish tewari and bb behl groups is believed to have favoured the victory of bjp in the much anticipated elections.
while the junior alliance partner of the bjp in the civic body elections shiromani akali dal (sad) which contested on four seats won only one seat, local sad president jagjit singh kangs wife inderjit kaur lost from ward 9.
the only independent candidate who won this time was bjp rebel dalip sharma who won from ward 19.
meanwhile bsp which had one councilor in the present house was wiped out in these elections.
in a major setback to the congress, its four former mayors subhash chawla, harphool kalyan, poonam sharma and kamlesh, all were defeated.
also chandigarh congress president pardeep chhabras wife ritu chhabra lost from ward 3.
the left parties which contested as independents, also lost from all the six seats they fought in.
while the bjps anil kumar dube registered the highest victory margin of 9,421 votes from ward 24, the lowest winning margin was 71 with which the congress candidate ravinder kaur won defeating sads balwinder kaur from ward 15.
bjps sitting mayor arun sood won from ward 8 by defeating his nearest rival rajesh sharma of the congress by 2,077 votes.
the results are clear signal that the urban voter had preferred the saffron party after all the hype on demonetisation.
this win is a big boost for the ruling combine, which is battling an anti-incumbency factor in the assembly elections after having ruled for ten years.
reacting to the poll win, bjp national president amit shah congratulated the local leaders and workers saying the party had been winning every election after the note ban.
he tweeted, bjp's landslide win in chandigarh is yet another instance of people reposing their faith in bjp's development politics and pm modi's vision.
while prime minister narindra modi tweeted, thank you to the people of chandigarh for supporting @bjp4india & @akali_dal_.
this shows the importance people attach to good governance.
local mp kirron kher said the voters had endorsed pm modi's demonetisation move.
not to be left behind, union finance minister arunjaitley tweeted, chandigarh traditionally reflects the national mood.
with the bjp already winning 20 seats and its ally akali dal one seat, the alliance also has a vote of the local bjp mp kirron kher as an ex-officio member in the mc house of 35, which comprises nine nominated councillors who also have the voting rights.
thus for the first time the bjp had a clean sweep in the civic body elections in the city.
by ptijammu: finance minister arunjaitley today exhorted confidence that india will retain its position of fastest growing economy in the coming decades like china did in the last three decades.
the way the situation in the world is changing there is a great opportunity that has come in the way of india.
the world keep facing its challenges and (in) the last few years india has started leaving its footprints behind.
the university conferred 185 degrees to candidates, who have qualified for the award of doctor of philosophy in 2015-16 up to december 31, 2016, besides 59 students were awarded gold medals, cash awards and certificates of merit.
the finance minister said: we are looked at as one of the bright spots in the world, and over the next one or two decades, our potential to retain that position of fast growing economy as china did in the last three decades belongs to india.
asserting that the jammu and kashmir would have been the most affluent part of the country if not struck by insurgency, arunjaitley hoped that the educated youth will lead the state to achieve its objective of bringing peace and ensure development of all the regions.
i always wonder to myself where does a state like jammu and kashmir stand in the whole story.
conceptually, if all is well with a limited population, a large area, the most beautiful spots in the world, handicrafts, a good agriculture and the best of the pilgrim centres, and if all has been well historically, this should have been theoretically the most affluent part of this country.
but unfortunately, the curse of insurgency struck us and i must say as a tribute to the academic fraternity, i say this because i have the opportunity to interact with students over the last 20 years in the valley as every time there has been a parliamentary delegation, i have had the opportunity of being part of it.
amongst all of the delegations which used to meet us, when i used to come back, the most impressive used to be the students from the university there, he said.
jaitley further said the student community, despite living in the midst of a disturbed environment, excelled academically.
i am sure, it is quite likely that ultimately it is this resilience and the opportunity that they see for themselves, which is an opportunity, which probably may end up bringing what is the ultimate objective as far as the state is concerned, which is to bring peace in the state and work for the development of the state, he added.
the finance minister said the state was a challenging state to govern and requires a lot of determination, statesmanship, capacity to face criticism and yet be able to work effectively towards the twin objective of bringing the stable peaceful society and ensure the development of all the regions.
the minister agreed with chief minister mehbooba mufti who sought support of the centre in taking the state to new heights, and said there are some factors which would remain constant like pilgrim centres, the potential of tourism and agriculture, but a large investment in the human resources of the state in terms of skill development and in terms of education will definitely make a huge difference.
we need to work together to create a quality infrastructure in the state's highways, tunnels and connectivity and that is something which is being attempted, he said, adding that the states away from ports face the challenges as far as trade, manufacturing are concerned except the local produce.
some of the areas have a geographical disadvantage.
we need not merely isolated centres of excellence, but we need a whole sea of them.
he noted that the state is famous for its handicrafts but today's world requires people with skills to deal with almost any profession.
those who do not get the benefit of highest level of education as far as quality is concerned certainly can be skilled to enter into various professions, he added.
the minister advised the students to broaden their horizon and look almost everywhere, inside and outside the country to take advantage of the globalised world.
there is a demographic differential, which is taking place and the demographic differential is that there are many society across the world, which has lesser number of people who can manage their economies.
therefore, they are looking at men of talent, the best minds to come from elsewhere in order to run their system, he said, adding that there is a huge scope and look beyond the geographical boundaries and think in terms of not merely baby steps.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan's seriousness to act against proscribed terror outfits and its efforts to curb money laundering and terror financing were questioned by members of a regional affiliate of the financial action task force (fatf) at a meeting held in china, according to a media report.
a 10-member delegation, led by finance secretary mohammad younas dagha, attended the two-day meeting of the asia-pacific group (apg) of the paris-based fatf in the southern chinese city of guangzhou where it defended pakistan's efforts against money laundering and terror financing.
according to a dawn report, some participants, particularly those from india, raised very tough questions about pakistan's seriousness to act against proscribed organisations and effectiveness of internal controls.
also read: imran khan should ensure terror wiped out completely from pakistan, says rajnaththe apg will submit to the fatf its analysis of the compliance report submitted by pakistan at the meeting, which concluded yesterday, and the progress made since the group's on-site inspection in islamabad and karachi in march, the report said.
the apg report will become the basis for the fatf to decide whether to exclude pakistan from its grey list or not.
the delegation briefed the meeting about pakistan's updated actions against currency smuggling, proscribed organisations and tightening of financial and corporate sector systems and operational effectiveness, the report said.
giving examples of the measures taken by it, pakistan cited arrests of key operatives of some proscribed outfits, putting more such groups and their affiliates in the list of banned outfits, blocking their accounts and financial flows and taking control of their assets.
in march, bowing down to international pressure, pakistan launched a major crackdown on jaish-e-mohammad, jamat-ud-dawa, falah-i-insaniyat foundation and other banned outfits and took over the control of their assets throughout the country.
the pakistan delegation said the country was very close to accomplish the milestones set under the fatf action plan well before the september deadline.
it also said the government recently revised its national risk assessment of the corporate sector, strengthened customs procedures on borders and inland movement of funds and assets.
besides, internal control of the banking and non-banking financial institutions, insurance companies and stock exchanges has been strengthened to curb the possibility of money laundering and terror financing.
the delegation cited the creation of a specialised directorate of cross-border currency movement (cbcm) in islamabad to maintain a database of currency seizures.
the apg had earlier flashed contradictory situations and poor coordination among stakeholders, including law enforcement agencies, in fighting money laundering and terror financing in pakistan.
last month, it expressed serious reservations over insufficient physical actions on ground against proscribed organisations to block flow of funds and activities.
new delhi: the government will have a say in selecting foreign coaches for various disciplines in consultation with the national federations, which will be made more accountable, according to sports minister vijay goel.
the minister held a four-hour long brainstorming session - chintan baithak - with sports personalities such as shooter gagan narang, former hockey players viren rasquinha and jagbir singh and former director generals of sai.
goel said the meeting was called keeping in mind preparations for 2020 olympics.
the preparations should begin now.
that's why we called this meeting.
we got several suggestions.
a report will now be created including sports infrastructure available in the country, goel said.
the indian coaches will now be paid from rs 50,000 to 2 lakhs.
the federations used to select foreign coaches but we will advertise the posts to make the selection, wherever it is required, goel said.
the minister, flanked by sports secretary rajiv yadav, clarified that federations will be consulted before making a final decision.
goel also said that national sports federations (nsfs) will be made more accountable and the tournaments organised by them will be monitored.
we will also support the events which the nsfs will conduct.
there will be accountability.
we have shot letters to nsfs to tell us about their selection process and events organized by them.
it was also suggested that we need more sports science centres.
they will be set up at 4-5 universities.
and if a player or an association or an ngo start an academy, the government will support that venture.
they can use our infrastructure.
goel said efforts will be made to have star players compete at the national championships so that the next generations get exposure to good competition.
the minister said they have asked finance minister arunjaitley to double the sports budget.
the entire indian women's hockey team, led by captain deepika and coach neil hawgood was felicitated by the sports ministry for winning the asian champions trophy for the first time after defeating china 2-1 in a thrilling encounter.
the statement came a day after prime minister narendra modi reportedly dropped a hint on increasing taxes on capital markets and the need for all sections, including market players, to contribute to the national exchequer.
the speech (of the prime minister) has been misinterpreted (by a section of the media) that this is an indirect reference to the fact that there could be a long-term capital gains (tax) on security transactions.
currently, long-term capital gains on the sale of listed securities are exempt from taxes.
these are profits on sale of shares on a stock exchange platform after a holding period of one year or more.
he further said the prime minister has made no such statement directly or indirectly.
therefore, i wish to absolutely clarify that there is no occasion or opportunity for anybody to reach such a conclusion because this is not what the prime minister said nor is the intention of the government as has been reported in a section of the media itself, he said.
yesterday, modi had said those who profit from financial markets must make a fair contribution to nation-building through taxes.
.
.
we should consider methods for increasing it in a fair, efficient and transparent way.
.
.
.
now it is time to re-think and come up with a good design which is simple and transparent, but also fair and progressive, modi had said, adding that for various reasons, contribution of tax from those who make money on the markets has been low due to illegal activities and frauds or due to the structure of our tax laws that offer low or zero tax rate on certain types of financial income.
profit gained from share transaction in less than one year is called short-term capital gains, which are taxed at a flat rate of 15 per cent at present.
at the same time, all stock market transactions attract securities transaction tax (stt) in a range between 0.
017 per cent and 0.
125 per cent.
anuradha shukla byexpress news servicenew delhi: assuring people that their deposits in public sector banks (psbs) were safe, the union government on wednesday unveiled a mega capital infusion plan for the current fiscal to revive growth while introducing a slew of safeguards against bad loans that had almost become unmanagable.
rajeev kumar, secretary, department of financial services, said the government will infuse rs 88,139 crore capital into psbs by march 31, but recapitalisation will be tied to performance and reforms.
the funds will be infused through a mix of budgetary allocation amounting to rs 8,139 crore and recap bonds valued at rs 80,000 crore in the current fiscal.
lenders will also be required to raise funds on their own from the market to the tune of rs 10,312 crore.
the recap plan would enable additional credit offtake capacity of psbs by more than rs 5 lakh crore, kumar claimed.
wednesdays announcement is part of the rs 2.
11 lakh crore bank recap plan announced in october last.
also, recap bonds would not impact the fiscal deficit target as imfs rules classify such debt as below-the-line financing.
the reforms package involves six themes with 30 action points.
the new norms mandate that loans above rs 250 crore undergo special monitoring.
there will also be a separate stressed asset vertical in each bank to contain non-performing assets.
and large corporate loan exposure has to be capped at 25 per cent.
the government has asked all banks to identify non-core assets for monetisation and rationalise overseas operations.
so far, banks have collectively decided to shut down 41 overseas branches.
roadmap for better bank governancebanks told to limit exposure to big corporate loans to 10  in the case of consortium.
kakinada: jana sena chief pawan kalyan unleashed an hour-long torrent of rhetoric the bjp central leadership for reneging on its promise of special category status for andhra pradesh here on friday, leaving an impression on the audience at the jntu-k grounds that he has at last done what chief minister chandrababu naidu could not do when he was presented a rather unspecial special package of financial assistance by union finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday.
the actor and part-time politico tore the bjp to shreds at a public meeting organised by his party -- titled the seemandhra atma gaurava sabha -- which was attended by a large and hysterical crowd of mostly teenage fans.
after promising special category status for the last two and a half years, the bjp placed two rotten laddus in our hands in the form a special package, disregarding the fact that it was a slight to the self-respect of the people of andhra.
we dont want these rotten laddus.
we have better laddus here -- bandar ladus and tapeswaram laddus, he said.
now it is up to chandrababu naidu whether he will accept these stinking laddus or fight for special category status, which is our right, he said.
the speech was an attempt to stir the pot of self-respect, a ploy used much profitably by the late thespian n t rama rao when he founded the tdp in 1983.
we do not want mps of this kind.
if they cannot voice the problems of the people, let them just get out.
we will take over, he said, leaving the audience wondering whether this was a veiled statement of intent to stoke the present discontent in the state into a mass political movement led by him.
but there were no further such indications.
the crowd went into raptures as the actor indulged in histrionics replete with filmi punch dialogues targeting the bjp, particularly union minister m venkaiah naidu.
the andhra pradesh native was the target of pawan kalyans first barbs, held responsible for the measly package given to the state in lieu of special category status.
he singled out venkaiah naidu and suggested that he look for greener pastures as the bjps chapter in ap was over.
venkaiah naidu has demolished the bjp in the state by not securing special category status.
the time has come for him to look for safe havens in other parties, he said.
new delhi: upping the ante against aam admi party (aap), the bjp on tuesday charged the chief minister arvind kejriwal of indulging in loot and dacoity after delhi government reportedly made a proposal to clear a bill of about rs 4 crores for lawyers defending against the defamation suit filed by the finance minister arun jaitely.
union minister for human resources development prakash javdekar, while briefing the reporters at the bjp headquarter, vowed to expose kejriwal over misusing public money for private purposes.
the minister stated that jaitely had filed the defamation suit against kejriwal for his baseless allegations.
javdekar stated that jaitely footed all legal expenses from his pocket.
the minister claimed that jaitely had moved court against kejriwal for his personal crimes.
the decision of the delhi government to bear the legal expenses of kejriwal is against the norms and the law.
the bjp will not allow this to happen.
this is loot and dacoity of the exchequer.
the move is immoral, added javdekar.
incidentally, the delhi lieutenant governor anil baijal has sought the opinion of the solicitor general ranjit kumar over the city government seeking to foot the legal bills of the chief minister.
javdekar stated that jaitely had paid rs 10 lakh for the stamp duty from his pocket for the defamation case against kejriwal.
he added that the finance minister has been bearing the expenses on lawyers personally.
kejriwal specialises in a politics of baseless allegations against rivals.
why should people pay when he is being held accountable for making unsubstantiated allegations, asked javdekar, who added that the delhi chief minister has been taken to court over seven defamation cases for which he may have to cough up rs 100 crores.
the minister also took potshot at the delhi chief minister, saying that kejriwal had claimed to be an aam aadmi but availed of all the government amenities, including bungalows and security.
new delhi: a week has passed since winter session of parliament began and the clamour over demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes continued unabated on tuesday.
the opposition parties were united in attacking the prime minister for not addressing the subject in parliament.
he can speak on television at a pop concert, but not to parliament, said rahul gandhi, taking a dig at modis video address at the coldplay concert in mumbai.
on a serious note, senior cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury said his party was considering a contempt notice against the prime minister for refusing to be answerable to parliament.
even as the legislative body of the country was denied an answer, the prime minister had a message for the public and his party.
this is not the end, but the beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money, he claimed at the bjp parliamentary party meeting, while also claiming that people in public life - read opposition - were supporting corruption.
the party passed a resolution, endorsing demonetisation as a great crusade by modi.
the party leaders also claimed that its victory in the bypolls indicated peoples support.
reaching out to the masses, modi asked people to rate his demonetisation initiative in a survey made available on the narendra modi app.
despite it not being an official feedback mechanism, the prime ministers survey completely shuts its ears to anyone without a smartphone a.
k.
a the rural india.
a study conducted by the pew research centre in february this year had estimated that only 17 per cent of all indians owned a smartphone.
>>read:nine questions namo does not ask in his app survey on demonetizationthe number of people who installed and used apps being even less.
even for the privileged few who get to take the survey, most questions are designed in such a way that it tackles ones moral position on black money rather than addressing the consequences of demonetisation.
for instance, the first two questions were redundant as the answers were obvious.
further, another question soliciting opinions if the move would reduce prices had no option to disagree.
this isnt the only instance during the demonetisation drive when rural india was forgotten.
the announcement, which comes 15 days after the currency ban began, is too late to control the damage inflicted, say experts.
an assessment by the international consulting firm deloitte predicted the damage caused to 482 million workers in the informal economy, primarily in rural areas, to last at least till the next quarter.
jaitley said the implementation of gst is bounded by a calendar deadline as the constitutional amendment provides that the existing indirect tax regime can continue only till september 16, 2017.
it (gst jurisdiction) is a difficult issue.
but i have always believed that in politics, logjams exist only to be resolved and in this case we have a calendar deadline.
we are hoping that all will be resolved and we should be able to implement it by april 1, he said at the petrotech conference here.
jaitley said that the centre and states are working out the mode of tax administration under which a tax payer would be assessed only once and that assessment has to be accepted by both the taxing authorities.
the all powerful gst council in their three successive meetings failed to break the deadlock over administrative control on assessees in the new tax regime.
the constitution amendment passed earlier this year says that the old taxation system can only be continued for a year.
and that is one year from september 16, 2016.
this issue of empowerment, which is essentially an administrative issue, is not a very impossible issue to resolve.
i am quite certain would get resolved in near future, he said.
as per the gst constitution amendment bill, which was notified on september 17, 2016, the government is required to complete the process of implementation of gst within a year.
jaitley said most of the issues as far as gst is concerned has been sorted out and the final drafts of legislations are being discussed.
the gst council, which has union finance minister and state representatives as members, met last weekend to discuss the tax jurisdiction, the model gst law, integrated gst (igst) law and compensation law.
but consensus eluded the meet.
the council will meet again on december 11 and 12 to work out a middle path.
the finalisation of these laws will pave the way for introduction of gst legislations in the ongoing winter session of parliament, which ends on december 16.
in november, the council agreed on a four-slab structure  5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent  along with a cess on luxury and 'sin' goods such as tobacco.
states like west bengal, kerala, uttarakhand, uttar pradesh and tamil nadu have insisted on exclusive control over small taxpayers, who earn less than rs 1.
5 crore in annual revenue, for both goods and services.
but centre is reluctant to divide the assessment on the basis of turnover.
by express news servicenew delhi/chennai: if you are planning to buy a house in the affordable segment, better put the deal off till april, since the goods and services tax (gst) you need to pay will drop to just 1  from the current 8  from that month.
the decision to slash the rate was taken by the gst council on sunday.
it also brought down the gst for under-construction property to 5  from the existing 12 , but nullified the input credit tax for builders, which in most cases was not passed on to the customer.
at present, homebuyers are exempt from gst on projects that have completion certificates.
developers said it had skewed the market, leaving a huge inventory of unsold under-construction property.
the skew was creating problems to raise funds to complete the projects, creating a cascading effect, builders had argued.
sundays gst rate cuts have taken that excuse out of the realty segment.
costing in the housing sector has generally been opaque.
s sridharan, a credai member in chennai, said: as the input credit tax developers were enjoying has been removed, they will pass on the cost to the customers.
so, the revision in gst rates will not lead to any major reductions in the property prices for consumers.
in simple words, the construction cost could go up.
input credit tax excuse to jack up construction costsince the input credit tax has been brought down to zero, expect developers to jack up the construction cost.
also, since gst on cement stays at 28 , builders will keep cribbing.
new delhi: with less than a month to go for the rollout of the new indirect tax regime, the gst council will meet tomorrow to sort out the pending issues, including tax rates for gold, biscuits and a few other commodities.
the council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising state counterparts, will also review tax rates for some goods in view of representations received from industry.
this meeting is important because it is likely to finalise the rates of tax and cess to be levied on the commodities remaining.
.
.
approval of amendments to the draft gst rules and related forms are also on the agenda among others, a finance ministry statement said.
this will probably be the last meeting of the gst council before the implementation of the new tax regime from july 1.
the gst council had last month put over 1,200 goods and 500 services in the four tax brackets of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
beside, it had imposed cess over and above the peak rate of 28 per cent on demerit and luxury goods.
however, the council had deferred a decision on the tax rates on six commodities -- biscuits, textiles, footwear, bidis, bidi wrapper leaves (tendu patta), agriculture equipments, as well as precious metals, pearls, precious or semi-precious stones, coins and imitation jewellery.
according to sources, certain states have pitched for a 4 per cent tax rate along with input tax credit on gold so that the effective incidence on the precious metal remains at the existing level of 2 per cent.
as regards biscuits, sources said it was discussed in the last meeting of the council in srinagar.
certain states sought a zero levy on biscuits which were priced below rs 100/kg, while the centre wanted to put it in the 12 per cent bracket.
biscuits would be a political call, a source said.
currently, excise duty is not levied on biscuits priced below rs 100/kg, but states levy vat.
as regards textiles, the gst council is likely to categorise the items as branded and unbranded.
besides, it may take up for reconsideration certain items in which the proposed tax rate works out to be significantly higher than the current incidence.
several industry bodies, including those representing auto and fmcg sectors, have pitched for a reconsideration of the tax rate on hybrid cars and ayurvedic products, respectively.
the government has already indicated that the council will reconsider duty on solar panel equipment and lower it to 5 per cent from the proposed 18 per cent.
the gst will unify 16 different levies and create an uniform market for seamless movement of goods and services.
by ptimumbai: iconic italian carmaker lamborghini is mulling an investment in maharashtra to aid its electric vehicles plans, a senior official said today.
maharashtra industrial development corporation chief executive officer sanjay sethi said the world-famous manufacturer of luxury supercars, sports cars and suvs is planning an investment in the state.
they (lamborghini) have a basic interest in electric vehicles, the senior ias official told pti here, when asked about the likely presence of lamborghini chairman tonino lamborghini at the 'magnetic maharashtra' investor summit here next week.
the carmaker, which has outlined a slew of global plans on the electric vehicle front, will announce its plans for maharashtra tomorrow, sethi said.
state industries minister subhash desai said the carmaker is keen to set up base in maharashtra.
asked if the state government has indicated any potential location to lamborghini, desai replied in the negative, saying it will happen only after talks with them.
the government does not know if the company is tying up with a local manufacturer, desai said.
the company sells multiple models in the country, with a base price north of rs 2 crore.
a january 20 media report said it sold 28 vehicles in the country in 2017, and is targeting to triple the same by 2019, as new models get launched.
the company has sales and service presence in mumbai and bengaluru.
in the latest budget, finance minister arunjaitley has proposed to increase duties on imported cars from next fiscal to 25 per cent, from the present 20 per cent, as a disincentive to imports.
no official from lamborghini was available for comment.
maharashtra aims to attract investment commitments of over rs 10 lakh crore at the three-day summit starting sunday.
obviously our problem comes from our western neighbour.
speaking at the council on foreign relations, a prominent think tank, the minister said that most acts of terrorism across the world will have some footprint or the other as far as our neighbour is concerned.
jaitley was referring to a number of terror attacks which are linked to pakistan.
afghanistan often blames pakistan-based terror groups for carrying out attacks in the war-torn country.
there have been instances when pakistani origin people were involved in terror attacks abroad such as the 2015 san bernardino attack in the us in which a pakistani-origin man and his wife killed 14 people.
jaitley said india made many efforts to improve the ties with pakistan over the last few years but every time there was a negative reaction.
i think that doesn't help the cause of peace in the region at all, he added.
the minister said india's relationship with all its smaller neighbours has significantly improved.
whether it's bangladesh, sri lanka, myanmar or nepal, we have an excellent relationship (with them).
we have been cooperating with them.
we have been a part of their economic growth story.
new delhi: actor kamal haasan who attended the reception hosted by queen elizabeth ii in buckingham palace, recollected his marudhanayagam shooting days when she had visited his films sets back in october 1997, during her brief stay in india.
sharing the pictures on social media, the 62-year-old wrote, the queen seemed in good health and remembered her visit to india fondly.
the duke of edinburgh was in great shape and health as well.
the exchange was brief as there were too many people.
you might remember during her majesty's visit to india, she visited my film set.
probably the only film shooting she had attended in her whole life, he added.
the event flagged the beginning of the uk-india year of culture 2017 in which finance minister arunjaitley represented the indian side along with a delegation.
other personalities included suresh gopi, cricket legend kapil dev, singer and actor gurdas mann, sitar maestro anoushka shankar and fashion designers manish arora and manish malhotra.
by ptinew delhi: rbi governor urjit patel today said the monetary policy decisions need to be forwardlooking and cannot be taken on the basis of day-to-day inflation rates.
stating that it is difficult to predict global oil prices, patel said the global charts have shown two-way movement in the recent days and there is a need to be prepared for both the scenarios of rising and falling rates.
speaking to reporters after finance minister arun jaitley's customary post-budget address to rbi's board, the governor also exuded confidence about improving credit growth and the encouraging trend of companies being able to raise a fair amount of funds from the capital markets.
on the monetary policy framework, patel said the monetary policy committee (mpc), which decided to keep the key rates unchanged earlier this week, has explained its reasons for the decisions it takes as per the policy framework and the inflation targeting system that has been followed on account of legislative change.
we have to be forward-looking when conducting monetary policy rather than looking at inflation rates today or yesterday.
and given than mpc has explained its decision in great detail, our resolutions are possibly the longest compared to most central banks of the world.
.
.
we explain our decisions carefully, twice a year we have the monetary policy report, he said.
i think that our decisions have been forward-looking rather than backward-looking, patel said, while asserting that the gdp growth rate is showing an upward trend.
jaitley also said that he considered the mpc's last decision to be a balanced one and as far as the fiscal situation is concerned, he sees it to be reasonably more comfortable next year on the revenues front.
therefore, i cannot at this stage say there would be any slippage.
i am sure we will be able to maintain the (fiscal deficit) target quite well.
you cannot on basis of hypothetical situation like oil prices.
.
.
what has happened in the three days nobody had predicted.
so that's entering into an area on which there is no certainty at the moment, the finance minister said.
agreeing with the minister, patel said the mpc decision took into account all the downside risks and mitigating factors.
we had observed that in recent days oil prices had twoway movement.
so what the finance minister has said is the correct point.
we need to be prepared for movements either way because it is just very difficult to predict oil prices.
a few months ago, june or so, people were talking about oil prices never going above usd 45 per barrel and some of the advise had come to mpc was based on that, he said.
while the global oil prices have cooled a bit in last 2-3 days, there have been concerns about the potential headwinds from a rise in crude prices.
that seems to be a good sign and now with the recapitalisation of banks the capacity to lend will increase.
patel also said the capital market's contribution to fund-raising has also gone up substantially.
so we will have better equity-debt ratio (for corporates) given that the entities have been able to raise fair bit of equity.
i think that.
.
.
we are already at the credit growth of 11 per cent or so, he said.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley friday stoutly defended the government raising demands, such as increasing liquidity, with the reserve bank of india, saying the country is more important than institutions.
he also made a vehement pitch for a government being elected with a clear majority in the coming general elections so as to provide stability to the economy and not force a change of guard within six months.
speaking at the global business summit here, he said the announcements made in three to four months ahead of elections or after the elections are 'aberrations' and focus must be in long term direction of policies.
quizzed about the unprecedented move by the government to get rbi to discuss issues of its concern by citing a never-used-provision, arunjaitley reeled out instances of central bank governors being forced to resign during congress regimes and his predecessor p chidambaram not being on talking terms with two governors.
raising an issue of interest to the economy which everybody concedes is in the larger interest is tinkering with the institution?
the country is more important than any institution, be it the government.
we can't starve the market.
we can't squeeze credit, we can't squeeze liquidity because that will hurt the growth, hurt the economy, he said.
also read | government for greater involvement in decision making of rbistating that the country has seen the advantages of fiscal discipline, he said policy makers have a choice between sound policies and populism.
the last thing india need at this stage is political instability, the last thing that india needs at this stage is lack of policy decision.
and certainly we don't need a chaotic sort of combination and more importantly india needs a five-year government not a six-month government.
stating that last five years were a significant turning point for india, the minister said india has moved towards formalisation and expansion of tax base.
i don't think india is the place based on what's happened in last 3-4 months or going to happen in next 3-4 months because announcements made by several people during this period appear to be policy aberrations, he said.
he said once the heat and dust of politics settles down and elections going to background, the economic decisions will take the centre stage.
chennai: two days after the union budget allotted rs 2,287 crore for railway development works in tamil nadu, it has been announced that funds to the tune of rs 404 crore have been earmarked for undertaking electrification projects during 2017-2018.
besides, the budget has also provided rs 76 crore for the doubling project of the railway line between salem magnesite junction and omalur (11 km).
the major works mentioned in the budget include the electrification of the villupuram- cuddalore port-mayilauduthurai- thanjavur-tiruvarur line (228 km).
for this project, rs 251.
33 crore has been allotted, whereas for the electrification of bengaluru - omalur via hosur line (196 km), rs 152.
83 crore has been allotted.
during his budget speech, finance minister arunjaitley specified that importance would be given to the safety aspect.
underlining this commitment, proposals for nine road overbridges (robs) and 19 road under bridges/subways were sanctioned rs 383.
39 crore.
out of this, subways and robs are proposed to eliminate five level-crossings in the chennai-jollarpettai line.
the budget outlay for improving passenger amenities in southern railway is rs 38 crore.
a railway official told express that they were focused on providing various passenger amenities for the comfort of travellers.
we developed ac paid waiting halls at 11 stations, while executive lounges are planned to be set up at five major stations.
high-speed wi-fi services are functional at major stations including central, he said, adding that works were progressing to install 19 escalators and 35 lifts in stations across the southern railway zone.
new delhi: all possible alternatives are being considered to make air india viable, the civil aviation ministry said today, even as it asserted that the clock cannot be put back on the indian airlines merger.
days after finance minister arunjaitley pitched for air india's disinvestment, civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said no option has been closed for the airline.
niti aayog has made recommendations for making air india strong and viable.
all courses of action are being examined.
we have not closed any option, raju told reporters here.
asserting that the government is proud of air india, raju said the ministry would cooperate with the cbi in respect of cases related to alleged irregularities at the airline in the past.
air india, which is surviving on a rs 30,000 crore bail- out package spread over 10 years announced by the manmohan singh government in 2012, is working on ways to improve its financial position.
in 2015-16, the airline posted operational profit of rs 105 crore on account of low fuel prices and increased passenger numbers.
minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha said whatever that would be done for air india will be in national interest.
we are considering all possible alternatives (for air india).
.
.
we are discussing (what can be) the winning strategy for the airline, sinha said.
asked about air india and indian airlines merger that happened in 2007, which is seen as a reason for the problems of the national carrier, raju said the clock cannot be put back on the deal.
the cbi has decided to probe the controversial merger besides alleged irregularities in purchase and lease of aircraft by the two state-run carriers under the upa government which caused huge losses to the exchequer.
the probe agency has registered three firs and a preliminary enquiry (pe) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile upa government with regard to the carriers, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines.
the cases have been registered against unidentified officials of air india, ministry of civil aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption, cbi spokesperson r k gaur said on monday.
the cag had in 2011 questioned the rationale behind the government's decision to order 111 airplanes for ai and indian airlines -- 48 from airbus and 68 from boeing -- for about rs 70,000 crore in 2006.
new delhi: all automatic teller machines (atms) will be re-calibrated in the next few days to ease the flow of currency notes and to reduce the inconvenience faced by the public, says the economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das.
the government has also announced a series of measures to help the farmers manage sowing for the rabi crop season.
national bank for agriculture development (nabard) has set a special limit of rs.21, 000 crore for district central cooperative banks (dccbs).
out of the total credit these farmers secure, more than 40 per cent of the small and marginal farmers get their crop loan credit from the cooperative institutions.
the enhanced fund limit by nabard for district central cooperative banks will be passed on to the primary agricultural cooperative societies and they will get activated and will meet the crop loan requirement of the farmers for rabi season, said das.
the government has already allowed the farmers to buy the seeds with old rs 500 and rs 1000 notes from specified government seed selling shops.
if additional sanction limit is required, over and above the rs 21,000 crore limits, it can be sanctioned by nabard, said das.
to ensure that farmers get a part of payment in cash, the nabard and the reserve bank of india have been advised to make the required cash available to the dccbs.
for this, nabard has prepared a list of all the dccbs that require cash and crop loans.
the required cash will be made available, said das.
finance minister arunjaitley held a video conference with nabard, rbi and all the banks on monday and advising them to ensure crop loan sanction and flow of funds to the dccb and primary agricultural credit societies (pacs).
digital thrustthe government today announced a digital thrust to ease the flow of business and day-to-day transactions by the people.
the entire banking structure is geared up to meet the situation, said das.
all charges on the rupay cards have been waived.
public sector banks and some of the private sector banks, along with the services providers offering the switching of transactions, have agreed to waive the service charge on the use of debit card till december 31, 2016, he added.
there will be no charge on use of debit cardsthe move will help in greater penetration of digital transactions into our economy and hope that more and more people will move to digital transactions, said das.
the government has also urged the private sector companies to release salaries for the month of november through digital methods and not by cash.
das mentioned the waivers by indian railways for e-ticketing, telecom regulator and telecom operators.
we expect many people to move towards digital transaction.
it is already happening, said das.
there has been a great surge in the demand for pre-paid and debit cards by private companies for digital modes of payment, he said.
the governments intention is also to increase digital transaction and ensure that more and more people migrate to digital money, said das.
the initiative taken by the telecom regulator and operators will help in use of featured phones for banking and financial transactions.
he said 65 per cent of the mobile phones in the country are feature phones and not smart phones.
to promote digital payment at toll plazas and check post, the ministry of road transport and highways are advising, all new vehicle manufacturers must provide electronic toll collection complaint radio-frequency identification.
all government organisation and authorities have been advised to use only online payment, to all stake holders and employees, he concluded.
new delhi: the gst council today decided to tax gold at 3 per cent, footwear below rs 500 at 5 per cent and biscuits at 18 per cent under the goods and services tax, which will be rolled out from july 1.
the council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , at its 15th meeting also decided on rates of yarns, agriculture machinery, apparels and rough diamonds among others.
the council, jaitey said, will again meet on june 11, before the roll out of the new indirect tax regime.
the all powerful council has also finalised the gst rules regarding transition and return filings.
jaitley said the council was also apprised of the it preparedness which is necessary for the successful roll out of the gst.
gstn made a detailed presentation on the amount of work done and it preparedness, he told reporters after the meeting.
jaitley said footwear costing below rs 500 will be taxed at 5 per cent, while that above this amount will attract 18 per cent levy.
currently, footwear priced from rs 500-1,000 attracts 6 per cent excise duty.
besides, states levy vat on it.
as regards readymade garments, they will attract a levy of 12 per cent.
solar panels will be taxed at 5 per cent under gst.
tendu leaves and bidis would be taxed at the rate of 18 per cent and 28 per cent respectively, the finance minister said, adding that there will be no cess on bidis.
on the other hand, rough diamonds will attract a levy of 0.
25 per cent.
the gst council has already fitted over 1,200 goods and 500 services in the tax bracket of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent last month.
gst will subsume all major levies including excise, service tax and vat, unifying 16 different taxes, and make india a single market.
by reutersbengaluru: the reserve bank of india will keep interest rates on hold through at least the middle of 2019 even though inflation is above its medium-term target and is expected to stay that way, a reuters poll found.
a majority of economists also expect the central bank's tone to turn hawkish when it announces its latest policy decision on wednesday.
while retail inflation hit a 17-month high in december and is expected to remain above the rbi's 4 percent target over the coming 12 months, growth in asia's third-largest economy likely slowed markedly in the fiscal year ending march 31, complicating the rbi's policy path.
in a move that could push inflation higher in coming months, finance minister arunjaitley increased government spending for rural areas and announced a larger fiscal deficit target in his annual budget speech last week.
in the poll of 60 economists, taken after the budget announcement, 58 said the rbi would keep key rates unchanged - the repo at 6.
00 percent and the reverse repo at 5.
75 percent - when it meets on wednesday.
the other two forecast an increase.
inflation is rising and the government has also deviated from the fiscal consolidation path outlined earlier.
clearly, the pressure is building on the rbi to hike rates.
however, we expect a status quo in the near-term, said tushar arora, senior economist at hdfc bank.
we believe that the rbi is likely to wait and see how durable these upside risks are.
the central bank is expected to leave rates alone through the forecast horizon of end-june 2019, unchanged from a previous poll.
however, minutes from the rbi's december policy meeting showed policymakers were increasingly worried about inflation.
more than 60 percent of poll respondents who answered an extra question on the central bank's tone on wednesday - 29 out of 46 - said it would be more hawkish.
another 15 expected the rbi would keep a neutral bias and two anticipated a dovish tone.
in recent months, rising energy prices have pushed up the inflation rate and the government's decision to increase healthcare spending and raise the minimum support price for agricultural produce by 1.
5 times will add to escalating price pressures.
shashank mendiratta, economist at anz, said the fiscal stance for 2018-2019 will add to the hawkish rhetoric on two counts - the budgetary decision to allow aggregate spending to rise at a faster pace than nominal gdp; and the decision to effect an increase in minimum support prices.
when asked at what level of inflation the rbi would consider taking rates higher, the consensus was 6 percent, the upper limit of the central bank's inflation target.
forecasts ranged between 5.
0 and 7.
0 percent.
the volume of trade, business will grow but the size of paper currency will shrink.
he addressed the negatives effects of this gutsy move by pm modi stating that the country has welcomed demonetisation, though it is difficult to estimate disruption in this quarter, it does have an impact but that will not last long.
jaitley added that some disruption is bound to be created due to switchover but long term advantages are huge.
on the growth front, the finance minister spoke on the effects on the economy and said, rabi sowing is higher than last year; the mixed trend in auto sales.
jaitley also pointed out on good and services tax (gst) and demonetisation together will be a game changer for the indian economy and investors of some states will be wary who are on the not supporting the reforms.
the constitution does not provide for the delay in gst, constitution amendment notified on sep 16, 2016 says existing indirect tax regime can run for the year, any delay would mean there will be no taxation from sep 17, 2017 and so there is a constitutional compulsion to have gst before september 16, 2017.
jaitley said that a year from now india will be a larger economy with higher gdp, cleaner gdp, reasonable interest rate and assured that india is likely to continue to be fastest growing major economy in the world like last year.
by ptinew delhi: the congress on thursday said the bjp linking it with christian michel, the alleged middleman in the agustawestland chopper deal, on the basis of an expelled lawyer is a case of the pot calling the kettle black.
many top leaders of the ruling party have represented fraudsters in the past, congress spokesperson jaiveer shergill said at a press conference.
on wednesday, the congress expelled youth congress leader and lawyer aljo k joseph from the party after he appeared in a court here for michel, who was extradited from dubai on tuesday for allegedly being the middleman in the upa era rs 3,600 crore vvip helicopter deal.
shergill alleged that the bjp is a one stop shop which provides full service to fraudsters and scamsters by acting as their advisors, lawyers, boarding pass agents, ticket agents, establishing in london agents and police protection agents.
the bjp linking the congress party with agustawestland on the basis of an expelled congress lawyer is a classic case of pot calling the kettle black, he said.
according to shergill, if the bjp was linking the congress with michel on the basis of a lawyer, they should answer on finance minister arun jaitley's family members taking fees from pnb scam accused nirav modi, union minister ravi shankar prasad representing subrata roy and vasundhara raje giving an affidavit in favour of lalit modi in london.
he also said the bjp must give an answer on arunjaitley representing stock broker ketan parekh.
earlier in the day, bjp spokesperson sambit patra, to a question about lawyer kin of some top bjp leaders appearing for those accused of corruption, said they did not only recuse themselves but also returned the fee paid to them.
it showed the clean conscience of bjp leaders while the congress is married to corruption, he said.
british businessman michel was sent to cbi custody for five days by a delhi court on wednesday, a day after he was extradited to india from the uae.
the cbi's plea for custody was opposed by michel's counsel  joseph and vishnu shankaran  who said they have not yet received any documents from the agency and the accused may be remanded to judicial custody.
new delhi: ensuring gst rollout from april 1, 2017, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday said that the government is working to build consensus on tight issues like jurisdiction of assessees.
the issue of dual control still remains, there is no reason why we will not be able to work out a reasonable solution on this.
as per the gst constitution amendment bill, which was notified on sept 17, 2016, the government is required to complete the implementation process of gst within a year.
president pranab mukherjee arrives in a buggy to address the joint session of parliament on the first day of the budget session in new delhi on tuesday | ptinew delhi: addressing the first day of the budget session of parliament, pranab mukherjee lauds govt policies to address the welfare of the poor, draws parallels between note-bandi and the mahatmas champaran movementthe air in delhi is thick with a new buzzword.
another acronym actually  ubi (universal basic income)  courtesy the economic survey.
but the next big idea was preceded by president pranab mukherjees address to the joint sitting of parliament  replete with the time-honoured mentions of oppressed, depressed, the poor and the downtrodden.
making everyone conclude that finance minister arunjaitley budget on wednesday would be couched in populism.
though the maximum desk-thumping from the treasury benches came with president mukherjees assertions on demonetisation, what stood out was the povertarian slant of the address.
the president drew parallels between note-bandi (cast as a poor mans resilient struggle) and the days of the champaran movement championed by mahatma gandhi at the dawn of the independence struggle.
ahead of the crucial budget session, president mukherjee said that champaran, nearly a century ago, gave a new direction to the freedom struggle, channelising jana shakti.
the implication being, that demonetisation  as a fight against corruption  has led to a similar awakening of the nation and the people.
at the core of all my governments policies is the welfare of the garib, dalit, pidit, shoshit, vanchit, kisan, shramik and yuva, mukherjee said in his address.
prime minister narendra modis move was highlighted as a movement against the corrupt and the rich, thus earning support from the poor despite their own troubles.
this stands out against the congress-led oppositions portrayal of demonetisation as an economic disaster.
analysts now expect the budget would be used to make overtures to the poor for their display of character in the weeks following the november announcement, and to alleviate any pain they may be feeling as a result of cash shortage.
mukherjee, whose term expires later this year, said the government was committed to the welfare of the needy, adding that financial inclusion was key to poverty alleviation.
modis government has pushed hard to bring the unbanked masses into the formal economy through schemes such as jan dhan yojana.
the president said 260 million jan dhan accounts had been opened so far, and 200 million rupay cards had been issued for cashless payments.
while the aim of the demonetization exercise was initially articulated as one meant to stamp out black money, it quickly transformed into a drive to go cashless, and the rupay cards are expected to play a big part in this drive, along with mobile wallets.
over rs 16,000 crore had been made available to self-help groups and to take the banking system to the doorstep of the poor and the unbanked, the india post payments bank has been started, the president noted, adding that 130 million poor had been covered under various social security schemes.
data released at the beginning of the month showed that the economy will likely grow at 7.
1 per cent in 2016-17, 0.
5 percentage points slower than the previous years 7.
6 per cent expansion, underlining fears of an economy-wide crunch due to demonetisation.
projections were based on incomplete output and corporate income data, amid signs of faltering investment and weak consumer spending, leading to fears that the actual numbers could be worse.
assuring the farmers about the governments focus on agriculture, mukherjee said: my government has taken various steps to transform the lives of our farmers.
focus has been on holistic development of the agriculture sector  making available affordable credit, ensuring assured supply of seeds and fertilisers, improving irrigation facilities, comprehensive risk coverage, improving productivity through soil health cards, assured market and remunerative prices for the produce through e-nam (national agriculture market).
he repeatedly stressed that the government was committed to farmers welfare.
the corpus of nabard funds has been doubled to `41,000 crore to ensure easy credit access to farmers, he said.
mukherjee lauded the performance of female indian athletes at the rio olympics and said the government wants to empower women.
our women deserve equal opportunity.
the rio olympics, where we took great pride in the performance of p v sindhu, sakshi malik, deepa karmakar and others, illustrates the strength of our women.
the nation is proud of its first three women fighter pilots.
this reminds us of what we can achieve, as a nation, if women are fully empowered, and if their skills and talent are optimally utilised.
by ptiwashington: pakistan has failed to complete its action plan on terror financing, the financial action task force (fatf) said friday, warning islamabad to meet its commitment by october or face action, which could possibly lead to the country's blacklisting.
the paris-based global body is working to curb terrorism financing and money laundering and has asked pakistan to reassess the operation of banned terrorist outfits in the country.
in june last year, the fatf placed pakistan on the grey list of countries whose domestic laws are considered weak to tackle the challenges of money laundering and terrorism financing.
in a statement issued at the conclusion of its plenary meeting in orlando, florida, the fatf expressed concern that not only did pakistan fail to complete its action plan items with january deadlines, it also failed to complete its action plan items due may 2019.
the fatf strongly urges pakistan to swiftly complete its action plan by october 2019 when the last set of action plan items are set to expire.
otherwise, the fatf will decide the next step at that time for insufficient progress, the international financial body said leaving a strong warning to pakistan.
the fatf said pakistan had taken steps towards improving its aml/cft (anti-money laundering/combating the financial terrorism) regime, including the recent development of its terror funding risk assessment addendum.
however, it does not demonstrate a proper understanding of pakistan's transnational terror funding risk.
reacting to the fatf's warning, pakistan on friday said it was committed to taking measures needed to implement the action plan agreed with the fatf to come out of the greylist.
the government of pakistan reiterates its commitment to take all necessary measures to ensure completion of the action plan in a timely manner, the ministry of finance said in a statement.
noting that the plenary meeting of the fatf took place at orlando from june 16 to 21, it said the meeting reviewed the compliance of a number of countries, including pakistan with the international standards on anti-money laundering and counter financing of terrorism (aml-cft).
fatf reviewed progress made by pakistan towards the implementation of the action plan and acknowledged the steps taken by pakistan to improve its aml/cft regime and highlighted the need for further actions for implementing the action plan, the ministry said in a statement.
the ministry said that the fatf will undertake the next review of pakistan's progress in october 2019.
pakistan should continue to work on implementing its action plan to address its strategic deficiencies, including by adequately demonstrating its proper understanding of the terror funding risks posed by the terrorist groups and conducting supervision on a risk-sensitive basis, the fatf said.
it should demonstrate that remedial actions and sanctions are applied in cases of aml/cft violations and that these actions have an effect on aml/cft compliance by a financial institution, it said.
it asked pakistan to demonstrate that competent authorities are cooperating and taking action to identify and take enforcement action against illegal money or value transfer services (mvts).
it also asked pakistan to show that authorities are identifying cash couriers and enforcing controls on illicit movement of currency and understanding the risk of cash couriers being used for terror funding.
pakistan should improve inter-agency coordination including between provincial and federal authorities on combating terror funding risks and demonstrate that law enforcement agencies are identifying and investigating the widest range of terror funding activity, it said.
it should demonstrate that terror funding investigations and prosecutions target designated persons and entities, and persons and entities acting on behalf or at the direction of the designated persons or entities, it said.
the fatf asked pakistan to demonstrate terror funding prosecutions result in effective, proportionate and dissuasive sanctions and enhancing the capacity and support for prosecutors and the judiciary.
pakistan need to effectively implement targeted financial sanctions (supported by a comprehensive legal obligation) against all 1267 and 1373 designated terrorists and those acting for or on their behalf, including preventing the raising and moving of funds, identifying and freezing assets (movable and immovable), and prohibiting access to funds and financial services, it said.
the fatf said pakistan needed to demonstrate enforcement against tfs violations, including administrative and criminal penalties and provincial and federal authorities cooperating on enforcement cases.
it should demonstrate that facilities and services owned or controlled by designated person are deprived of their resources and the usage of the resources, it said.
the fatf currently has 36 members with voting powers and two regional organisations, representing most of the major financial centres in all parts of the globe.
china is set to secure fatf presidency next year while saudi arabia representing the gulf cooperation council is to become a full fatf member.
turkey was the only member that stood by pakistan despite a strong campaign launched by the us, the uk, india and europe.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley friday termed the supreme court order on the cbi row as extremely positive development, saying it was in the interest of the nation that the truth comes out.
the supreme court friday asked the central vigilance commission(cvc) to complete within two weeks its inquiry into allegations against cbi director alok kumar verma and barred interim director m nageswara rao from taking any major policy decision.
the supreme court order, he said, has further strengthened the fairness criteria by asking for completion of investigation within two weeks.
in order to ensure fairness, the supreme court has appointed a retired judge to oversee the investigation, he said.
the government is only interested in maintaining professionalism, the image and the institutional integrity of the cbi.
cvc probe in the cbi case is to ensure fairness, he said adding it was in the interest of the nation that the truth comes out.
thiruvananthapuram: an all-party delegation from kerala, scheduled to meet prime minister narendra modi on thursday to take up the issue of crisis in the cooperative sector following demonetisaton, called off the visit after the pmo denied the appointment.
the delegation refused to accept pmos suggestion to meet finance minister arunjaitley instead.
the state recorded its strong protest terming it a major disrespect to the state and the assembly.
the prime minister failed to understand the sentiments of the kerala assembly, chief minister pinarayi vijayan said while announcing the states decision to cancel the visit.
political leaders from the ldf and the udf came down heavily on the pm for refusing to meet the kerala delegation.
it shows that we cannot expect democratic decency from a government led by organisations that drew inspiration from hitler and mussolini, ones that follow fascist and nazi principles, said a visibly irritated pinarayi vijayan.
kerala will convey its protest to the prime minister in writing.
the government will also send the resolution passed by a special session of the kerala assembly on tuesday, urging the centre to withdraw curbs on cooperative bodies for currency transfer, to the pmo through the delhi resident commissioner.
we have decided that theres no need to meet the finance minister as advised by the pmo.
we have met the finance minister once.
also, all the mps from the state have had a meeting with the finance minister, pinarayi said.
the pmos denial to meet an all-party delegation has kicked up a row.
addressing media persons, chief minister pinarayi vijayan came down heavily on the prime minister and said that the bjp state leaders were behind it.
whether the pms decision has anything to do with bjp leaders from the state going to delhi on wednesday, pinarayi replied in the affirmative.
they (the bjp leaders) must have told them that theres no need to see the kerala delegation.
when the issue was discussed in the assembly, o rajagopal was also of the view that the state should appraise the centre of the situation.
on alternatives to the state, pinarayi said that the cooperative sector will now look into other alternatives before it, like issuing a cheque for transactions.
he, however, added that the state wont take a legal course at the moment.
the cooperative sector cannot be destroyed by such actions.
the action has affected people from across the country.
naturally the centre will have to take a stance.
we are of the view that old currencies should be permitted for transactions at least till december 30, pinarayi said.
by iansnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley would be leaving saturday night on a two-day official visit to saudi arabia to co-chair the 12th india-saudi arabia joint commission meeting (jcm) on february 18-19, an official statement said here.
jaitley, along with his counterpart minister from saudi arabia, will open the saudi-indian business council on sunday.
he will also visit the india pavillion at the saudi national heritage and cultural festival janadriyah.
jaitely will meet saudi minister of trade and investment, majid al-qassabi on february 19 to discuss bilateral issues, the statement added.
new delhi: union finance minister arunjaitley on thursday rued the decline of humour and satire in indian politics.
he said that unlike the european democracy humour and satire have significantly gone down in the indian democracy.
there were times when atal bihari vajpayee, piloo mody and madhu dandwate were known for humour and satire.
a lot of commenetaries used to be written on humourous statements given by such leaders.
but now we hardly see any space for the lighter side in the politics, said jaitely during the launch of his book andhere se ujaale ke aur by the bjp chief amit shah.
jaitely said that there could be another phase in the indian politics when humour and satire would again find space and acceptance.
the rajya sabha mp swapan das gupta during his brief speech said that jaitely is known for one-liners, which he shares only in private with friends.
shah lauded jaitely, saying he is a successful finance minister.
the two of the greatest achievements of the narendra modi government in the from of the passage of the goods and services tax (gst) and the disclosure of rs 65000 crores of the black money have come from the finance ministry.
it has been all because of the works of jaitely ji that these two achievements could be possible, said shah.
the book is a compilation of the blog and articles written by jaitely from 2013 onwards on various issues, including politics and economy.
by ptinew delhi: the opposition today targetted the government over agrarian crisis, unemployment and other issues, with congress leader p chidambaram dubbing its economic policy as a betrayal of the country and saying all norms of fiscal prudence have been thrown out of the window.
the 40-minute speech of chidambaram, who initiated the debate on the 2018-19 budget in the rajya sabha, witnessed continuous ruckus and sloganeering by ruling bjp members who sought an apology from the congress for such disruptions during the prime minister's speech in lok sabha yesterday.
an unfazed chidambaram continued to target the government in a loud pitch and sought replies to 12 questions relating to the economy, while describing minimum support price (msp) for foodgrains, job creation and the ayushman bharat scheme as the three jumlas (rhetoric) of the bjp-led government in its last full budget before the 2019 polls.
taking a dig, the former finance minister also asked whether the government will suggest the international labour organisation (ilo) to include those selling pakodas in its definition for employment.
later, members of samajwadi party, cpi(m), bsp and trinamool congress also took the government to task on several issues, including the note ban and gst.
as soon as the rajya sabha convened at 2 pm after an almost 90-minute adjournment, several bjp members stood up and demanded an apology from the congress for disrupting the prime minister's speech in the lok sabha yesterday.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar supported them, saying the main opposition party must apologise for its conduct during the pm's speech in the lower house yesterday.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad termed the ruckus in the house as a failure of the government.
derek o'brien of trimanool congress charged the ruling party with disrupting the house, saying it does not have any answer to the issues relating to the budget by the opposition.
to this, kumar said the government wants the house to run.
we want to have a full discussion on the budget but if there are issues disturbing the members, they have full right to raise the issue.
amid loud protests by bjp, members from bjp ally tdp and ysr congress stormed the well carrying placards with slogans like help fight for justice to andhra pradesh and keep your promise, demanding special status for the state.
following the uproar, cpi(m) leader t k rangarajan, who was in the chair then, repeatedly appealed for order but was ultimately forced to adjourn the proceedings for 10 minutes.
however, the protests by bjp resumed as soon as the house reconvened, with deputy leader of opposition anand sharma saying it is most unfortunate that the parliamentary affairs minister was encouraging disruptions.
he said the congress had cooperated for smooth functioning of the house after a word with the chairman m venkaiah naidu, but in vain.
law minister ravi shankar prasad said the prime minister was disturbed for two hours while he spoke in lok sabha and claimed that such a thing has never happened in 70 years.
amid loud chants by bjp members saying the country will not tolerate the insult to the pm, chidambaram said education, agriculture, health sectors and job creation were the major challenges facing the country and the bjp-led nda government had not addressed them in nearly four years of its rule.
seeking replies from finance minister arunjaitley on 12 questions emanating from the budget and plaguing the economy, chidambaram termed the government's economic policies as a betrayal of the country, claiming that all norms of fiscal prudence have been thrown out of the window.
before you assumed office, you promised 2 crore jobs.
a proper job is employment that is regular, certain and reasonably secure, he said, asking the bjp what its definition of a job was.
he questioned the government over how many ilo-defined jobs have actually been generated in the last four years.
describing chief economic advisor arvind subramanian as the good doctor, chidambaram said the government should listen to his diagnosis prescribed in the economic survey.
he said the government was going to leave behind a limping economy.
the former finance minister asked whether the government would cut the excise duty on petrol and diesel if global crude prices rise.
he claimed that the nda government believes hardworking individuals should be taxed and not the corporates.
we support triple talaq bill but not these triple jumlas, he said, adding that the three jumlas (rhetoric) were regarding msp for farmers, job creation and the ayushman bharat programme announced in the budget to provide rs 5 lakh worth of annual cover in case of secondary and tertiary hospitalisation to 10 crore families.
accusing the government of cheating the farmers when it termed msp as inflationary, he said you can announce msp but not all farmers will get msp.
many farmers are forced to sell in the market.
will you pay them the difference between msp and market price.
have you made a provision regarding this in the budget.
claiming that the economic survey has carefully avoided the issue of jobs, chidambaram quoted data for three financial years from 2015-16 and said india was the first country in the world in which jobs increased when gdp growth had fallen.
what kind of jumla is this?
where are the jobs, he asked.
he also dubbed the ayushman bharat scheme as the biggest jumla of the government and said it had earlier announced the national health scheme which was not approved by the cabinet and quietly buried and unveiled a new scheme now.
laying out his calculations related to the annual premium contribution of rs 1 lakh crore needed for implementing the ayushman bharat, he asked from where will you (government) raise additional resources as the new cess has already been accounted for.
defending the budget, bjp's bhupender yadav said there was policy paralysis during the upa rule and accused the congress of having misused constitutional institutions then.
he said the companies act framed by the upa government was defective and had led to companies incurring losses and added that the nda government has plugged leakages in the delivery of subsidies, thereby removing corruption.
highlighting the budget provisions, yadav claimed landless farmers would be given farm credit and 22,000 village agri-market modernised.
he said the country's ranking in ease of doing business has improved, black money curbed and foreign reserves have risen.
during his entire speech, congress members were protesting in well raising anti-government slogans, as a titfor-tat for the bjp protests during chidambaram's speech.
bisambhar prasad nishad (sp) charged that all government programmes have flopped and were not being implemented on the ground.
he alleged that insurance companies were benefitting out of the agri-insurance scheme and a similar situation would prevail in proposed ayushman health insurance scheme.
prasad said the government has not fulfiled promise of giving rs 15 lakh to every indian and also in creating jobs, while criticising note ban saying the poor were the worst sufferers.
in his maiden speech, trinamool congress member manas bhunia said his party opposed demonetisation and hasty implementation of gst.
he termed the budget as a dream and not reality and demanded that the finance minister should explain how the government will fund health insurance scheme.
he also wanted to know how the target of doubling farmers income 2022 would be achieved, while attacking the government for being friendly to big corporates and the rich.
the tmc member also demanded waiver of farm loan and sought creation of national fibre mission.
bhunia accused the nda government of neglecting west bengal and not providing funds for developmental projects, including of the railways.
aiadmk's s r balasubramaniam rued that the government did not raise income tax slabs, while bjd mp dilip kumar tirkey said the success of the modicare scheme would depend on how the government deals with shortage of medical resources.
he also pitched for enhancing the centre's share of contributin in social sector scheme saying that under some schemes states are contributing more than 40 per cent.
harivansh (jd-u) said lauded the efforts of nda government saying they have move from status quo to destiny changers.
cpi-m leader tapen sen said the rosy picture portrayed by the government would not be possible unless these are supported by deeds.
he accused the goverment for giving advantage to corporates and no relief to commoners in the budget.
rosy picture is portrayed but that is not supported by budget arithmatic,  he said.
bsp mp rajaram expressed apprehension that how governemnt will achieve the dream of new india when it is fighting the risk of maintaining low fiscal deficit in 2018-19.
he said the budget does not spell out the allocation for national health insurance policy and there was no mention about loan waiver for debt riden farmers who are committing suicides in view of falling prices.
new delhi: amid a walkout by the entire opposition, the rajya sabha on friday passed the enemy property (amendment and validation) bill, 2016 that seeks to amend the enemy property act, 1968.
the bill was passed by voice vote in the upper house even as the opposition demanded to defer the debate for thorough deliberation next week.
among other things, the amendments to the bill seek to ensure that the law of succession does not apply in the case of enemy property and are expected to plug the loopholes of the earlier act.
the bill also seeks to prohibit civil courts and other authorities from entertaining disputes related to enemy property.
the lok sabha had passed the bill in march, 2016 and the rajya sabha had referred it to the select committee.
the government then moved some amendments to the bill in view of certain recommendations by the select committee.
soon after the passage of the amended bill, the upper house returned it to the lower house for final passage.
when the bill was taken up in the rajya sabha for consideration, senior congress leader jairam ramesh told the house, many senior members including the leader of opposition are not present in the house for a variety of reasons.
therefore the bill should be taken up for discussion and passage on the next working day.
other members including javed ali khan (samajwadi party) and sukhendu shekhar roy (trinamool congress) echoed rameshs sentiments for debating the bill next week.
the government, however, took up the bill for discussion after which it was passed by a voice vote.
the entire opposition walked out following the governments stand to take up the bill despite their objection.
the leader of the house arunjaitley said the ordinance containing the amendments in the act would lapse on march 14, 2017 and the issue had security implications.
he said the right of the enemy property should vest in the government of india and not in the heirs of the citizens of the enemy countries.
by ptimumbai: finance minister arunjaitley thursday admitted there were two-three areas of differences with the reserve bank (rbi), but questioned how a mere discussion on its functioning could be considered destruction of an institution.
under attack politically for creating circumstances that led to the resignation of urjit patel as the central bank's governor, arunjaitley listed out a string of actions initiated by past governments including congress pms jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi asking rbi governors to resign.
a discussion with an important institution, which is independent and autonomous, to tell it that its a part of your (rbis) functions and therefore this is an important area of an economy which you must look at, how is it destruction of the institution?
, he questioned.
according to reports, the government had initiated discussions under the never-used section 7 of the rbi act which provides for the central government forcing down decisions in public interest.
it is this aspect, which led to voicing of concerns across and also a strong speech by rbi deputy governor viral acharya to warn against compromising rbi autonomy.
jaitley did not elaborate on how the discussion were initiated.
he reiterated that the rbi has the responsibility as far as credit and liquidity is concerned.
we are not taking over the function, he said, adding that the government was only initiating discussions using instruments which force a discussion.
in some situations, the autonomous institutions also have to be informed that there is some difficulty arising in the system that requires to be corrected, he added.
further, if the government is not able to convey the difficulties in the system, it would be failing its duty, he said.
the fm pointed out that the countrys first prime minister nehru had written to the rbi stating that the economic policies are determined by the elected government, while rbi has autonomy over the monetary policy.
the rbi's policies also need to be in sync with the economic policies, arunjaitley stressed.
patel resigned amid the protracted friction with the government monday, citing personal reasons.
the government has immediately appointed retired bureaucrat shaktikanta das, who was at the helm of finance ministry during the controversial demonetisation exercise, as his successor.
new delhi: until demonetization crash-landed election funds, the sky was the limit for politicians whose favorite hop-stop-hop campaign craft were helicopters.
however, this time, parties would havespent nearly rs 80 crore on helicopter campaigns in up, punjab, uttarakhand and goa.
bjp tops the list of the number of helicopters hired, spending rs 30 crore on five upgraded twin-engine flying machines like bell 412 and agusta aw 139.
during the 2015 bihar assembly elections, it hired six.
sawajwadi party is the next rotor savvy party, with a budget of nearly rs. 25 crore for two months of aggressive, sustained campaigning.
both bsp boss mayawati and congress vice president rahul gandhi have been flying economy class, sepnding rs. 8 crore and rs crore each to stay in the air using just two choppers.
unsurprisingly, the maximum demand for the helicopters is in india's largest and politically most crucial state, uttar pradesh, where, at least 15 helicopters have been crisscrossing the skies bearing leaders fighting for the coveted prize.
choppers landed across up and uttarakhand bearing bjp's maximum star campaigners like amit shah, rajnath singh, arunjaitley , smriti irani, uma bharati, gen vksingh, mahesh sharma and hema malini.
in comparison, only congress vice president rahul gandhi and sister priyanka gandhi have been flying for the party.
it cut down chopper hours after striking an alliance with sp to maximize the costbenefit.
parties booked choppers six months in advance, anticipating a last minute rush.
helicopters provide the edge in covering the maximum rallies within a limited time frame.
compared to the 2014 lok sabha elections, when 75 helicopters were hired at rates ranged from rs 2.
5 lakh per hour to 3.
25 per hours, for stats including up, haryana, punjab, madhya pradesh.
the rates are stable this time, said an industry insider.
parties use choppers to ferry their star campaigners to the hinterland where airstrips do not exist.
the election commission has issued strict guidelines for electioneering parties to submit consolidated expense statement including the number of aircraft/chopper used and sorties made during campaign with details of the company, flying hours and money paid.
it has fixed an expenditure cap of rs. 28 lakh per candidate for a legislative seat.
anuradha shukla byexpress news servicenew delhi: the public spat between the finance ministry and rbi escalated further with finance minister arunjaitley openly criticising the central bank for the pile-up of bad loans due to excessive lending between 2008 and 2014.
jaitley questioned rbis role in allowing indiscriminate lending instead of preventing it, saying, the central bank looked the other way.
it seemed to be a tit-for-tat reply to rbi deputy governor viral acharyas recent jibe at the government.
quoting argentine central bank chief martin redrados speech, acharya flagged the issues rbi was trying to defend hard  autonomy and reserves.
basically, i am defending two main concepts: the independence of the central bank in our decision-making process and that the reserves should be used for monetary and financial stability, acharya quoted redrado as saying.
the issue has been the governments insistence on higher dividends to balance its fiscal targets, and rbis reluctance to dip into reserves to pay higher dividends.
former chief economic advisor arvind subramanian had also asked why rbi was holding more than necessary reserves.
both sides should sit down and talk.
this is not the time to fight, when there are macro-economic issues to deal with, said a former central banker.
jaitleys remarks came hours before he chaired the financial stability and development council meeting with rbi governor urjit patel and all four rbi deputy governors, where he discussed the liquidity crisis in the nbfcs.
the rbi-government spat is nothing new.
while the government was miffed with rbi for its rigid stance for the prompt corrective action on psu banks that curbed lending and put pressure on the government to recapitalise them, rbi was distressed overpressure to relax npa norms and separate regulator for payment banking.
rbi is learnt to be unhappy over recent changes in the board constitution, and a political appointee.
some observers said the government should perhaps bring more quality people on the board, and bring in a balance so that it is not seen as tilted in favour of the government.
rbi also cant be so rigid.
as the finance minister said, you are not the repository of final knowledge, said the former banker.
past imperfectformer finance minister p chidambaram had serious differences with y v reddy and d subbarao.
it is an open secret that the present govt and raghuram rajan were not on the same page on many issueswhat transpired in monday's meetingthe govt flagged its concern that the nbfc crisis might spill over to other sectors.
rbi, however, said there was no severe liquidity problem and that it was closely monitoring the situation.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley sought parliamentary approval on wednesday to increase net spending by 351.
7 billion rupees ($5.
2 billion) in the current fiscal year that ends in march 2017.
the supplementary demand for more funds, the second to come before the lok sabha, had been expected for some months.
in august, lawmakers had approved $3.
1 billion in additional spending for the current fiscal year.
the request comes after the latest data showed a healthy 7.
3 percent expansion in the indian economy over the september quarter was led by state spending, while investment and private consumption were weak.
prime minister narendra modi's government must also contend with the fallout from his dramatic decision a month ago to abolish high-value banknotes accounting for 86 percent of the cash in circulation.
the bid to purge the economy of black cash - undeclared income and the proceeds of corruption or racketeering - has caused huge economic disruption, making government spending a key prop for asia's third-largest economy.
the extra spending includes 40 billion rupees for a rural jobs programme, 31 billion rupees for the farm ministry and 11 billion rupees to cover a higher pensions bill, according to the request which is likely to be approved because the lower house has a large government majority.
the supplementary demand also sought parliamentary approval to cover the cost of repayment obligations under the so-called market stabilisation scheme, a facility run by the reserve bank of india to absorb up to 6 trillion rupees that have flowed back into the banking system following the so-called demonetisation.
jaitley, when he unveiled his annual budget in february, earmarked 19.
78 trillion rupees ($291.
4 billion) in total spending, up 11.
6 percent from the prior year.
he will unveil his next budget at the beginning of february.
mumbai: the centre has agreed to compensate the loss of revenue to maharashtra government due to the abolishment of octroi once the goods and services tax (gst) comes into effect, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said today.
the municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) collects over rs 7,000 crore annually from octroi.
mungantiwar, who was in delhi to attend a three-day meet of the gst council chaired by union finance minister arunjaitley , said he has succeeded in convincing the council that maharashtra should get compensation in lieu of octroi collected by the mumbai civic body.
we are happy that we will get compensation against octroi once the new system comes into effect that will result in abolishing of octroi in mumbai and local body tax (lbt) in other municipal corporations and municipal councils across the state, mungantiwar said.
mcgm has an average collection of octroi worth rs 7,000 to rs 8,000 crore and if the gst council had disapproved it, the state government would have had to bear the burden for compensating an amount to the mcgm, equivalent to octroi collection by natural growth of some per cent every year, he said.
maharashtra and punjab are the two states where both lbt and octroi system are in effect.
the gst council considered our demand and has given us big relief.
the union finance department will make provision of compensation amount from their budget, he said.
mungantiwar also said gst council has agreed to compensate 14 per cent of the total revenue collection of the state for a period of five years.
the new system will be implemented from april 1, 2017 across the nation.
once the final slab of taxes on various goods and services is finalised, the gst bill will be presented before the state legislature for passage.
he also said that wto talks have not made much headway in most areas except trade facilitation, which helps cut costs and make it more efficient.
therefore, even without international agreement to that effect, it is even within larger benefits and interest of our domestic economy to ensure that trade facilitation takes place, he said addressing officials on the international customs day.
the prime minister has given us goal that we must try and come within first 50.
so, at a time when you were at 142, to come within first 50 is somewhat challenging, he said.
he added that out of the 10 criteria which the world bank follows there are actually three that need to be improved one relating to municipal permission of land and buildings, the other is trading across borders and third one is contract enforcement.
each one of these has a number of minute details which we need to satisfy and most of them are not very difficult to satisfy, he said.
exhorting officials of the customs department to improve india's ranking in trade facilitation parameter, finance secretary hasmukh adhia said: all of us together have to work harder to ensure that our ranking in that particular item, which is 146 as of now, we must make it within 100 as early as possible.
if not within a year, within two years.
adhia asked the official to take this as a challenge and focus on this during the year.
if we are used to getting so many laurels in terms of gst and other things, why can't we make this also possible.
i am sure if you all decide, we can do it, he said.
jaitley also said that the department of industrial policy and promotion is working on the improvement in the three laggard parameters.
with these, to come down substantially below 100 is reasonably possible.
and in one (trade facilitation) of them customs department has a role, he said.
jaitley added: you have twin role to play that whereas you have to play role of detection machinery to ensure evasion doesn't take place, at the same time you have to be a facilitator which makes entry into border itself fairly easy how do you blend these two somewhat a contradictory challenge and bring the balance between the two, i think with experience of your service you would be able to do this.
as the economy itself has expanded the nature of each of these taxation departments also have to change.
in income tax, the base is becoming larger.
it is bound to enlarge and therefore charging higher rates from few selective groups which has traditionally done is an area which has been changing, he said.
the finance minister unveiled two technology platforms icetrak and icetab designed by central board of excise and customs as part of effort towards improving ease of doing business.
the conditional tax exemptions historically given to income of registered political parties continue and no new concession or exemption has been granted either post november 8 demonetisation announcement or in the last two-and-a-half years, he said.
post demonetisation, no political party can accept donations in 500 and 1,000 rupee notes since they were rendered illegal tenders.
any party doing so would be in violation of law, he said in a statement.
he said just like anyone else, political parties can also deposit their cash held in the old currency in banks till december 30 provided they can satisfactorily explain the source of income and their books of accounts reflect the entries prior to november 8.
if there is any discrepancy in the books or records of political parties, they are as liable to be questioned by the income tax authorities as is anyone else.
they enjoy no immunity whatsoever, he said.
there is no question of sparing anyone, and the political class is no exception.
political parties have not been granted any exemption post demonetisation and introduction of taxation laws (second amendment) act, 2016 which came into force on december 15, 2016, he said.
under the income tax act, income of political parties is exempt from tax subject to condition that all donations above rs 20,000 are taken through cheque and lower ones are properly documented with full detail of donors.
these accounts also have to be audited.
in mumbai, he told reporters that the legal and taxationregimes for all registered political parties remain as they were 20-25 years ago.
our government has not made any changes to these rules, nor we are planning to make any.
he warned the political parties not to misuse the system.
there is no relaxation in the tax scrutiny of political parties.
this is a complete media creation.
we will take strong action against those parties which misuse the system.
stating that no changes have been made in the law regarding political funding, he said, not a single change has been made in the last two months or so, or in the last two-and-a-half years with regard to taxation of political parties.
nothing has been done, whatever was the existing system which has existed for the last 15 years is continuing and if somebody creates a political party for the purpose ofchannelising funds.
.
.
income and donations of political parties fall in the purview of section 13a of the income tax act 1961 & there is no change in its provisions.
i implore all journalist friends to be fully outraged against any step of the government, if it is not against corruption.
but in equal measure, i would also implore them todo adequate research before jumping the gun, he added.
there is no question of sparing anyone, and the political class is no exception.
in fact pm modi is setting a new example of propriety in public life, by asking all mps & mlas of bjp to submit their bank account details post demonetisation.
we would like to urge the other parties to do the same and prove their intentions against corruption, the finance minister said.
earlier, the finance ministry in a statement said, newspaper reports seem to wrongly suggest that there cannot be any scrutiny of income tax returns of political parties in the context of deposits of old currency notes.
this inference seems to have been drawn because of the fact that income of political parties is exempt from tax under section 13a.
the exemption is given to only registered political parties subject to certain conditions, including keeping and maintaining books of accounts and other documents as would enable the assessing officer to deduce its income therefrom, the statement said this evening.
the statement also said the accounts of each political party will be audited by a chartered accountant and the partyhas to submit a report to the election commission about the donations received within a time-frame prescribed.
there are enough provisions in the income tax act to scrutinise the accounts of the political parties and these political parties are also subject to other provisions of income tax including filing of return, the statement said.
revenue secretary adhia also said earlier today that no political party enjoys any immunity and all are liable to be questioned like anyone else by the tax authorities.
all reports on the alleged privilege to political parties are false and misleading.
political parties have not been granted any exemption or privilege, post demonetisation and introduction of taxation amendment act, 2016, he said in a series of tweets.
post-demonetisation, no political party can accept donations in rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes since they were rendered illegal tenders.
if there is any discrepancy, political parties are as liable to be questioned by it authorities as is anyone else.
they enjoy no immunity, he added.
but the fact was that even the low-cost mobiles that the vast majority of people use can have such facility.
defending demonetisation, he said when one deals in a lot of paper currency outside the banking system, there is a high tendency to be tax non-compliant.
having dealt with such large volumes of paper currencies in all these decades, we lived through a phase where tax non-compliance was not considered to be improper or immoral.
some considered it to be smart.
i must say that the country by and large has welcomed the demonetisation and reacted in a very positive manner, the minister said.
union finance minister arunjaitley with minister of state santosh gangwar at a press conference on the goods and services tax gst in new delhi on thursday.
| ptinew delhi: the cabinet today approved setting up of the gst council, which will decide on the rate of tax under the new goods and services tax (gst) regime, likely to kick in from april 1, 2017.
the gst council will consist of union finance minister, minister of state in charge of revenue department and state finance ministers, government's official spokesperson tweeted after the cabinet meeting headed by prime minister narendra modi.
the cabinet approved setting up of gst council and setting up its secretariat, an official statement said here.
the council will hold its first meeting on september 22 and 23, it added.
it will make recommendations on important issues related to gst, including items and rates.
its secretariat costs will be borne by the central government.
gst implementation steps are ahead of schedule so far, the government said.
the steps required in the direction of implementation of gst are being taken ahead of the schedule so far.
the cabinet also decided to provide for adequate funds for meeting the recurring and non-recurring expenses of the gst council secretariat, the entire cost for which shall be borne by the central government.
the gst council secretariat shall be manned by officers taken on deputation from both the central and state governments, the statement said.
while the gst council will be created as per article 279a of the amended constitution, gst council secretariat will have its office at new delhi.
revenue secretary will be the ex-officio secretary to the gst council, which will have chairperson, central board of excise and customs (cbec) as a permanent invitee (non-voting).
also, a post of additional secretary to the gst council in the gst council secretariat and four posts of commissioner in the gst council secretariat (at the level of joint secretary to the government of india) will be created.
as per article 279a of the amended constitution, the gst council, which will be a joint forum of the centre and the states, shall be headed by union finance minister.
while, union minister of state in-charge of revenue will be its member and so will be minister in-charge of finance or taxation or any other minister nominated by each state government.
the council will make recommendations to the union and the states on important issues related to gst, like the goods and services that may be subjected or exempted from gst, model gst laws, principles that govern place of supply, threshold limits, gst rates including the floor rates with bands, special rates for raising additional resources during natural calamities/disasters and special provisions for certain states.
while the centre will have one-third vote in the gst council, states together will have a two-third say.
to adopt a resolution, three-fourth majority would be required.
the constitution (122nd amendment) bill, 2016, for introduction of goods and services tax in the country was accorded assent by the president on september 8, 2016, and the same has been notified as the constitution (one hundred and first amendment) act, 2016.
as per article 279a (1) of the amended constitution, the gst council has to be constituted by the president within 60 days of the commencement of article 279a.
the notification for bringing into force article 279a with effect from september 12, 2016 was issued on september 10, 2016.
parliament on august 8 had passed the bill, which then went to the states for ratification.
a constitution amendment bill needs to be ratified by the legislative assemblies of at least 50 per cent of the 29 states and 2 union territories.
the bill was sent to the president's secretariat after as many as 19 states -- bjp-ruled assam being the first -- ratified the bill.
the other states, which passed the legislation include bihar, jharkhand, chhattisgarh, himachal pradesh, gujarat, madhya pradesh, delhi, nagaland, maharashtra, haryana, sikkim, mizoram, telangana, goa, odisha and rajasthan.
the states and the centre are working overtime and talking to stakeholders to draft the central gst, state gst and integrated gst laws, which are to be passed in winter session of parliament.
the cgst and igst will be drafted on the basis of the model gst law.
the states will draft their respective state gst (sgst) laws with minor variation incorporating state-based exemptions.
the igst law would deal with inter-state movement of goods and services.
new delhi: even while the opposition stayed adamant in attacking the manner of rollout of demonetisation, prime minister narendra modi told an all party meeting on tuesday evening that the decision on scrapping old high denomination notes is a crusade against corruption and black money.
the all party meeting saw a clear division in the ranks of the opposition, with the congress and left stressing on inconveniences caused to the people even while the trinamool congress, bsp and samajwadi party sought a complete rollback of the decision.
the leaders of the congress and the left clarified that they did not favor the rollback of the decision.
yet, they stressed that they would raise the issue in the winter session of parliament, which will begin from wednesday.
the finance minister arunjaitley explained the rationale behind the decision to the leaders of all parties in the meeting, which was chaired by the prime minister in the parliament complex.
the prime minister, who spoke at the end of the meeting, stressed that the decision for demonetisation is a crusade against black money and corruption.
the prime minister sought to explain that the demonetisation is also aimed to cripple the terror funding, besides blanking out the counterfeit currencies being dumped in the country from outside.
modi added that all political parties should support the government decision on demonetisation in national interest.
modi also sought the views of the leaders of the political parties on holding simultaneous elections for the state assemblies and lok sabha.
he exhorted that the issue should be discussed and debated in the parliament.
recalling the productive monsoon session of parliament during which the goods and services tax (gst) bill was passed, the prime minister hoped that the winter session would be fruitful.
he added that the government would have an open mind to discuss all issues, which the opposition may raise in both the houses of the parliament.
union minister for parliamentary affairs ananth kumar told reporters that the prime minister sought a discussion on the issue of holding simultaneous polls, besides stressing on transparent political funding.
he stated that the prime minister posed a few question in his speech, including how to implement state funding of elections.
however, the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, while speaking to reporters, claimed that the decision on demonetisation was leaked in advance to some people, including bjp leaders.
this is probably the biggest scam, said azad, while clarifying that his party did not favour the rollback of the decision.
leader of the tmc in the lok sabha sudeep bandyopadhyay demanded a complete rollback of the decision on demonetisation, saying it is hurting only the common man and the poor.
meanwhile, a number of political parties, including the congress, tmc, cpi (m) have given separate notices for adjournment of the proceedings of the two houses of the parliament to take up discussions on demonetisation.
new delhi: the government on friday introduced a bill to replace the ordinance issued on the rollout of demonetisation even while the opposition and the treasury benches sparred over the legality of the legislation.
the union minister for finance arunjaitley introduced the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill.
it mandates that following the scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes, the possession of such currencies would be a criminal offence, which may lead to a fine of rs 10,000 or five times the cash held, whichever is higher, on holding of more than 10 banned 1,000 and 500 rupee notes.
it also calls for an end to the liability of rbi and the government on the currency notes demonetised as per the november 8 televised announcement of the prime minister narendra modi.
it also provides that an indian citizen, who had been outside the country between november 9 and december 30, would be entitled to tender the demonetised noted within the grace period under rules provided by the rbi.
however, the tmc mp and veteran parliamentarian saugata roy, while opposing the introduction, questioned the legality of the bill, saying the government had been trying to encroach into the domain of the rbi.
roy and jaitely sparred in the lok sabha, as they questioned each others parliamentary knowledge on legislative business.
amid the ruckus, union minister of parliamentary affairs ananth kumar intervened to say that jaitely had been a recipient of the best parliamentarian award, and knows well the nuances of the legislative business.
jaitely too quipped that this experience will enrich roys vast parliamentary knowledge.
roy had claimed that the minister was not aware of the lok sabha rules as he had never been its member.
the bill is illegal as the demonetisation statement made by prime minister was without any notification.
it should have come from the rbi as it is the central bank which promises to pay the bearer of a currency note its real value.
it is outside the minister's legislative competence, roy had stated, while objecting the introduction of the bill.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley , also the chairman of the gst council, will on saturday steer states to agree on tax rates and cess to be levied on biscuits, textiles, footwear, bidis, bidi wrapper leaves (tendu patta) as well as precious metals, precious or semi-precious stones, coins and imitation jewellery.
the 15th meeting of the gst council is scheduled to be held on saturday at the vigyan bhavan in delhi.
most major products and services were approved after the fitment exercise in the 14th gst council meeting in srinagar.
the council will brainstorm and likely approve amendments to the draft gst rules and related forms.
unlike in past gst council meetings, this will be a one-day meeting.
it will be a crucial meeting, as we enter the last phase of gst implementation.
the council will decide if it wants another meeting, but if the agenda items are approved, we are looking at the final meeting before the rollout on july 1, finance ministry sources said.
mudita girotra byexpress news servicetill about five years ago, senior bjp leader and former finance minister arunjaitley used to take a stroll at the lodi gardens with his friends every morning.
after taking a round or two of the park, they would sit together near a tomb and chat over tea and lemonade.
left without his company, some of his friends, including senior counsel mukul rohatgi, continued the 'ritual' at the same park.
but they missed the days spent with a man who was their friend first and a big politician later.
now, with his passing on saturday, those moments will only be precious memories.
ill-health had taken its toll for more than a decade.
about 15 years ago, arunjaitley had a heart surgery.
in 2014, he underwent a bariatric surgery to correct weight gained because of diabetes.
last year, he had a kidney transplant at aiims and earlier this year, he was diagnosed with cancer.
also read: memories of arunjaitley the lawyer: when he argued a case for freefor his close friends, with whom he spent the first few hours of the day at one time, it is unfortunate for a great individual like him to have a string of bad luck.
prem grover, 74, who has a real estate business, is known by walkers at the lodi gardens for his closeness with arun jaitley.
grover remembers the politician for the way he valued friendships.
we used to take a walk, finish a round or two and later sit at these benches to have a normal conversation.
he used to speak about everything.
he was an advocate and a politician outside this park.
with us, he was a friend.
never during any discussions was he stubborn, grover said.
we have had many good times together.
after taking a walk, we all used to come and sit here, had good conversations, cracked jokes, laughed together.
from here, we would at times, go for breakfast together at the iic.
every year, i organised his birthday here.
others in the park would also join the celebration.
those were really nice times, he remembered.
grover said after arunjaitley was inducted in the cabinet, he stopped coming for the walks but would invite his lodi gardens friends to his residence.
after he became a minister, his security was such that he could not come for walks but his house was always open to his friends even then.
three years ago on december 28, he joined us for his birthday here, he said.
grover, who describes arunjaitley as the best human being, will always remember how he stood by him during a crisis.
i remember when my daughter-in-law died in 2009, mr arunjaitley cancelled his birthday celebrations to be with us.
that was the man that he was.
it is really sad and unfortunate that he had huge health issues for so many years, he said.
laloo prasad, who has been serving this group tea and lemonade for around 15 years, observed arunjaitley from far.
i never had a conversation with him, just greeted him and he was very gentle, he said.
also read: jaitley's love affair with moti mahal's baras and chicken pakodasbs sethi, 66, has not been in jaitleys circle of friends but remembers that he was always available to meet people.
they celebrate his birthday every year.
we have joined the celebration at times.
he met people with warmth but didnt like political discussions, he said.
he insisted this was a time to relax, not for politics, sethi said, adding, he used to be quite regular with morning walks.
many years back he used to go to nehru park.
i used to see him there as well.
later, he started visiting lodi gardens.
former attorney general mukul rohatgi recalls the period between 1978 to 1998 when his chamber was adjacent to arunjaitley at the high court.
our chambers in the high court used to be next to each other.
we still have those chambers.
in court, we used to oppose each other very often.
in the heat of the moment, we used harsh words as well but later we would sit as friends, rohatgi said.
by ptiwashington: fiscal discipline has taken a backseat in the latest annual indian budget which contains many tinges of populism, noted indian economist eswar prasad said today.
prasad, a professor of trade policy at the prestigious cornell university, said there were no major measures in the budget that could stimulate private investment.
fiscal discipline has taken a backseat in this budget, which contains many tinges of populism, as was to be expected in the run-up to a national election cycle, prasad told pti.
there are no major measures that could stimulate private investment, which has been notably weak even during the recent period of high growth, prasad said.
however, the proposed new health insurance scheme and other measures that will in principle directly benefit the poor are welcome, prasad said.
although it is unclear how exactly some of these programs will be funded within the budget envelope, he said.
us india business council (usibc) president nisha desai biswal said the indian government has displayed its commitment to areas that will benefit india's growth and prosperity for many years to come.
infrastructure development, access to health care, affordable housing, energy, and education for all citizens form the backbone of any growing economy.
.
.
american industry is committed to growing, strengthening, and sustaining these areas of collaboration with india, biswal said.
in the last three years, biswal said, india has been on a robust path to growth, backed by a strong economic reform agenda.
karun rishi, president of usa-india chamber of commerce, said the budget carefully balances the essentials of accelerating growth and fiscal prudence.
focus on agriculture and health is a game changer, he said.
we commend finance minister arunjaitley for his ambitious, out of the box thinking by covering the bottom 40 per cent of all households under the health insurance scheme 'ayushman bharat', rishi told pti, adding that this bold and pragmatic step will help the poor and low income families.
'ayushman bharat' -- the world's largest governmentfunded health care programme, is aimed at benefiting 10 crore poor families by providing coverage of up to rs 5 lakh per family per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation.
an outlay of close to 10 per cent of the gdp in the agro-rural sector will boost rural and farmers' incomes, leading to a rise in consumption and consumer durables demand, he said.
rishi lauded arunjaitley for making a pitch for the 'technologies of the future' in his budget speech.
india can be a significant player in artificial intelligence, machine learning and blockchain technologies.
the use of blockchain can add muscle to the digital economy especially in the biopharma and healthcare sector, rishi said.
according to richard rossow, wadhwani chair in us-india policy studies at the center for strategic and international studies, the budget did meet analysts' expectations in terms of having specific programmes to appeal to farmers and rural voters.
included among these are a new health care insurance programme for the poor, expanded programmes to deliver subsidised cooking gas and electric power connections, and escalated programs to build homes and toilets, rossow said.
barriers to the export of agriculture items will be relaxed, and the minimum support price (msp), a floor price the government pays to farmers for staple crops, will see a hefty increase, he said.
by ptinew delhi: there is no plan to make aadhaar mandatory for donors under the electoral bonds scheme, which is aimed at cleansing the system of political funding, the government has informed the lok sabha.
the government had notified the scheme on january 2.
there was no lok sabha sitting on february 2 in view of the death of bjp mp chintaman vanga on january 30.
the scheme, he said, is to provide anonymity to the donors but at the same time establish a transparent political funding system with well established audit trail.
he replied in negative to a query whether various stakeholders, including political parties, have raised concerns regarding the lacunae in the scheme that makes election funding more opaque rather than transparent.
electoral bonds would be issued for a certain value denominations from the specified branches of the state bank of india.
the bonds under the scheme will be available for purchase for a period of 10 days each in months of january, april, july and october.
in a blog post, the senior bjp leader said as the seventh and final phase of the election approaches to closure, the groundswell in favour of prime minister modi is becoming stronger.
the not so positive reason for the prime minister's high acceptability levels is the absence of any cogent or coherent alternative.
conventionally, it used to be referred to as the 'tina' factor.
this effectively means that 'there is no alternative'.
if the opposition is giving vague assurances of an alternative, the same is either too scary or absolutely frightening, he said.
he said the positive reasons for the prime minister's acceptability has been his decisiveness, integrity and performance, his delivery of resources to the poor and his security doctrine which has been a game changer.
the nda's strength has been a complete absence of any confusion about leadership or programme.
there is an absolute consensus, he said.
jaitley said the opposition could not forge an alliance in several key states and it did not call a meeting of different like-minded parties for the obvious fear that many will not attend the meeting.
the common thread which brings them together is negativism - to get rid of one person.
they have no agreement on either a leader or programme.
they are a completely fractured opposition which could not come together before or during the election.
who will believe their assurance that they can come together after the election?
they are institution wreckers.
they do not allow parliament to function.
they attack and intimidate judges.
now election commission is their next target.
the attack on the evms and the election commission is an advance alibi for defeat on may 23, he said.
slamming the opposition, he said their leaders represent temperamental mavericks, some highly corrupt and many a governance disaster.
the electorate wonders, if they can ever provide a cogent alternative.
past history belies the longevity of such opportunistic and fragile combinations, he said.
jaitley said he has long argued that aspirational societies look for a better tomorrow and they are averse to suicidal choices.
the frightening and scary scenario that the opposition promises will be responsible for its rout.
this consolidates the groundswell in favour of modi.
except in the last few days, not one political analyst had foreseen the velocity of this groundswell even in a state like bengal.
the largest size of the prime minister's public rallies have been in bengal, he said.
union minister for finance arunjaitley addressing at the 4th annual growth net summit in new delhi.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley has called for a review meeting on september 16 with the chiefs of all psu banks to address the problem of high non performing assets.
according to a finance ministry official, the finance minister will review the first quarter performance of public sector banks and financial institutions on september 16.
he will also discuss credit growth and bad loan situation, the source said, adding that various recovery measures by banks and legislative steps taken by the government to expedite recovery are also part of the agenda.
the stressed assets in the banking sector, which mirrors the corporate sector, has to be dealt with in order to revive credit growth, raghuram rajan, rbi governor had said earlier.
the gross non-performing assets of public sector banks have surged from 5.
43 percent (rs 2.
67 lakh crore) in 2014-15 to 9.
32 percent (rs 4.
76 lakh crore) in 2015-16.
as per the latest financial stability report by rbi, the gross non-performing assets ratio for public sector banks may go up to 10.
1 percent by march 2017 under the baseline scenario.
the asset quality review (aqr) conducted by rbi found several restructured advances, which were standard in the banks books, that needed to be reclassified as non-performing.
since a large proportion of standard restructured advances slipped into the npa category, the overall stressed assets ratio increased marginally.
the banks have stepped up efforts as far as recovery of bad loans is concerned, the official added.
in a bid to shore up cash-strapped public sector banks, the government last month announced infusion of rs 22,915 crore capital in 13 lenders including sbi and iob.
new delhi: dispelling rumours that finance minister arunjaitley was unaware of demonetisation, power minister piyush goyal today said he knew it and kept it as secret despite being very friendly and open.
when the bombshell (demonetisation) came.
.
.
every body wanted to know how mr arunjaitley could keep the secret so well.
this is the kind of commitment a tall leader has.
.
.
when the time comes, they keep (an important information) secret from everybody, goyal said during a session at ht leadership summit here.
asked whether arunjaitley knew it, he replied, yes obviously.
he is the finance minister.
earlier last month, the centre disbanded old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes from mid-night of november 8 to deal with the menace of black money.
goyal also indicated that the government will take stern action against those who are misusing the concessions given to honest people.
what i am hearing about their (chartered accountants) role in the last 22 days, we are quite disappointed.
.
.
we are finding that there is a nexus of certain professionals, certain bankers and possibly certain officials in parts of the country where misuse of the ability of honest people to transact is being carried out, he said.
he warned that the government will deal with the issue with heavy hands.
explaining further, he said, it (demonetisation) is going as per the plan.
it was loud and clear that it would have short-term pain for 50 days.
on downturn of the economy due to demonetisation, goyal said, it could be for month or two or this quarter.
but if you are moving the informal economy into the formal economy.
.
.
the transactions were never reported as part of gdp.
.
.
it will only add to gdp.
elaborating, he said, rabi sowing (data) seems that there is the growth of 8-9 per cent this year.
cement saw 7-8 per cent downturn in the first two weeks (after demonetisation).
i am told that it is back to normal.
however, he cautioned, automobile sector is a little bit of surprise.
.
.
people bought two-wheelers and four-wheelers by cash (payments).
that is truly a surprise.
.
.
we should be able to track every vehicle which is sold.
.
.
otherwise terrorist activities, petty theft or serious crimes will never get traced.
about forthcoming assembly elections, he is confident that the bjp will sweep the upcoming elections and will win two-thirds support in uttar pradesh.
he predicted a win for the akali-bjp combine in punjab.
he also said that in next 14-15 years, india has investment opportunity of over usd one trillion to expand in the energy sector.
by express news servicenew delhi: an inter-ministerial panel on fintech has recommended a comprehensive legal framework to protect consumers of digital services.
in a report submitted to finance minister nirmala sitharaman on monday, the steering committee headed by the economic affairs secretary also suggested the adoption of regulation technology by financial sector regulators to develop standards and facilitate adoption by financial services providers.
it has also suggested that financial sector regulators develop an institutional framework for specific use-cases of supervisory technology (or suptech), testing, deployment, monitoring and evaluation, the finance ministry said in a statement.
the committee also recommends a comprehensive legal framework for consumer protection be put in place early keeping in mind the rise of fintech and digital services, it added.
following the deliberations of the committee, it was considered necessary to have a nodal agency to coordinate developments across ministries and regulators in the area of financial technology (fintech).
a dedicated team on digital economy and fintech is being set up in the investment division, department of economic affairs for coordination on fintech with relevant ministries, it said.
the committee was constituted following the announcement made by the then finance minister arunjaitley in budget 2018-19.
new delhi: the bjp will unveil its presidential nominee before prime minister narendra modi embarks on his us visit on june 23.
while the bjp will hold wider consultations before unveiling its nominee for the july 17 election, the saffron outfit is likely to choose the next occupant of the rashtrapati bhavan from within its ranks.
while the opposition is seeking to arrive at a common platform with its first meeting on the presidential election slated for wednesday, the bjp will reach out to each political outfit individually.
the party is aiming to beat pranab mukherjees 2012 victory margin, when he polled 69 per cent of the total vote share.
sources said that the bjp is currently counting on 54 per cent of the total vote share in the electoral college of the presidential election, and party chief amit shah on tuesday, sources said, told panel members  arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu  to widen the support base for the party.
incidentally, there is no provision for a whip in the presidential election.
naidu told reporters in a tongue -in-cheek remark, that the party chief did me a favour by including me in the panel, which brings to an end the speculation about me in the race.
while bjp chief amit shah consulted union ministers  arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu, who along with union minister for home affairs rajnath singh are members of the panel constituted for talks with political outfits, on the scope of exercise for presidential elections, it has emerged that prime ministernarendra modi has said that the next president should be distinguished enough to meet the criteria of intelligence, knowledge and competence.
shah will also meet singh, who was away from the national capital on tuesday.
jaitley and naidu met in the day to discuss the nitty-gritties of the exercise, while they are learnt to have spoken to singh on phone.
the bjp panel is likely to meet the prime minister soon, as they will begin talks with leaders of other parties from june 17.
while following the democratic norms of consultations unlike the precedents set by the congress.
.
.
, the bjp will consult all parties before unveiling its chosen presidential candidate by june 23.
unlike the manner in which the congress picked pratibha patil and pranab mukherjee first as nominees for the post of president and then informed the opposition, the bjp will strictly abide by democratic norms.
the three member panel will solicit the views of other party leaders on the criteria to be followed in identifying the next president and may even ask if they have any name to propose, said a bjp national general secretary.
the bjp chief is likely to speak to members of the parliamentary board of the party individually, to solicit their views on the choice of the presidential nominee next week.
while the bjp is seeking to give a semblance of having embarked on an exercise to evolve consensus, the party, sources said, is clear to get the man swearing its ideology at the raisina hill.
a 10-member group comprising leaders of top opposition parties will meet here on wednesday to discuss their nominee.
congress president sonia gandhi has been trying over the pastfew weeks to reach a consensus in the opposition on candidates for the presidential and vice presidential election.
by ptinew delhi: political and business leaders paid heartfelt tributes to itc chairman yc deveshwar, who passed away saturday morning after a brief illness, saying he leaves behind a rich legacy.
finance minister arunjaitley tweeted: saddened by the death of yogi c deveshwar, chairman itc.
yogi excelled as a corporate professional and an entrepreneur and took his company to great heights.
may god render peace to the departed soul & give to his family strength to bear this loss.
saddened by the death of yogi c deveshwar, chairman itc.
yogi excelled as a corporate professional and an entrepreneur and took his company to great heights.
may god render peace to the departed soul & give to his family strength to bear this loss.
chowkidar arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) may 11, 2019west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee described him as a giant in the corporate world.
saddened at the passing away of yc deveshwar ji.
he was a giant in the corporate world.
i have many memories of him as a distinguished captain of industry.
condolences to his family, his colleagues and his admirers, banerjee said in a tweet.
saddened at the passing away of y c deveshwar ji.
he was a giant in the corporate world.
i have many memories of him as a distinguished captain of industry.
condolences to his family, his colleagues and his admirers  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) may 11, 2019in a statement, the confederation of indian industry (cii) expressed its condolences at the demise of deveshwar, terming it a great loss for indian industry.
deveshwar was the president of cii in 2005-06.
a titan and guiding luminary of indian industry, mr deveshwar's commitment and passion for the sustainable business was an inspiration for all.
mr deveshwar's devotion to inclusive growth in india was laudable and he led by example, cii president vikram kirloskar said.
cii expresses its deepest condolences at the sad demise of mr y c deveshwar, chairman, @itccorpcom and past president, cii pic.
twitter.com/ifwpbppvpv  confederation of indian industry (@followcii) may 11, 2019as itc chairman, deveshwar transformed the cigarette major into a diversified player with interests in fmcg, hospitality, it and other sectors.
for me personally, mr deveshwar, yogi to all, was a warm and generous leader who always found time to engage with all.
we will deeply miss his erudite guidance and sage advice.
our thoughts and prayers are with his family at this time, kirloskar said.
in a tweet, assocham president bk goenka said he was a tall leader of india inc who immensely contributed to the industry and society.
@assocham4india president, @bkgoenka, saddened to hear demise of @itccorpcom chairman mr #ycdeveshwar.
our deepest condolence to @itccorpcom team, his family and well-wishers.
he was a tall leader of india inc who immensely contributed to the industry and society.
#itc pic.
twitter.com/yopwlfavld  assocham (@assocham4india) may 11, 2019deveshwar (72), who stepped down from the executive role as chairman and ceo in 2017 but remained as a non-executive chairman, breathed his last at a private hospital in gurugram.
he joined itc in 1968 and was appointed as a director on itc's board on april 11, 1984.
he rose to become its chief executive and chairman on january 1, 1996.
by iansnew delhi: noting that the bailout for state-run banks through the rs 2.
he was replying to the debate on his ministry's supplementary demands for grants for 2017-18 in the lok sabha seeking parliament approval for additional expenditure of rs 80,000 crore towards recapitalisation of public sector banks (psbs).
the third batch of supplementary demands for grants was later approved.
banks have given money to industrialists in the past.
.
.
however, some are now sitting in london, others cannot pay back, the finance minister said in an obvious reference to corporate accounts which account for a major portion of the bad loans accumulated by psbs, including the case of absconding industrialist vijay mallya, who has been declared a proclaimed offender by a delhi court.
this is the moral hazard with the bailout but we have to strengthen the banking system, he said.
jaitley also said that without bringing politics into the discussion on what he has earlier described as a legacy issue, the effort now is to improve the lending capacity of banks through infusion of adequate capital.
referring to the recapitalisation plan for state-run banks approved by the government in october, he said the objective is to ensure that the lenders' ability to support growth is not impacted by their combined non-performing assets (npas) which have crossed the staggering level of rs 7.
5 lakh crore.
in order to correct the situation, we brought in the indradhanush plan to infuse rs 70,000 crore spread over a period of three years, which is coming to an end.
however, this money has proved inadequate owing to the provisioning amount going up on account of the asset quality review for banks ordered by the rbi, which brought out the real dimension of npas, he said.
so we need to put in more money and it becomes a bailout, which is not an ideal idea but it is important to keep the banks in good health, he added.
and this reckless lending without proper risk management has affected the banks' capacity to support growth he said, adding that the massive lending by banks in the high-growth period after 2008 is now being reflected in their accumulated bad loans and through heavily leveraged corporate balance sheets.
bengaluru: challakere is all set to make its mark at the national level, courtesy establishment of dedicated aeronautical test range (atr).
apart from defence research and development organisation (drdo), the multi-agency mega complex at challakere in chitradurga district will also house facilities of bhabha atomic research centre (barc), indian space research organisation (isro) and the indian institute of science.
the first of its kind atr built at in varavoo kaval will have technical infrastructure on 4,090 acres and transit and residentialfacilities on 200 acres.
covered with compound periphery wall of 8-ft spread across 20 km with a watch tower at every 2 km, the aero test range will be guarded by defence personnel.
sources said, drdo will start to test air-to-ground weapons, parachutes, aerostats and electric warfare flares here once it is fully operational.
till now, the materials are manufactured, integrated and tested at different places.
this wastes a lot of time and money.
establishment of atr will help in many such cases.
even private players may be allowed to use the facility.
when we have the facility, we can also make profits from it, said a senior drdo official.
with the atrs inauguration, drdo can start testing some of the indigenous products being developed, including the naval and trainer versions of the light combat aircraft, unmanned air vehicles rustom 1 and 2; and the airborne early warning & control systems meant for surveillance.
trials of tejas mk-2, advanced medium combat aircraft (amca) and unmanned combat air vehicle (ucav) ghatak are also likely to be carried out at challakeres atr.
i asked drdo chief dr s christopher where would be this facility 20 years down the line.
he confidently said they are expecting the change in the next five years.
thats the pace at which our research really should progress, said arunjaitley in his speech.
by ptinew delhi: bjp ally shiv sena wednesday supported the opposition demand in lok sabha for a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe into the rafale issue and drew a parallel with the alleged bofors scam, claiming that people say rafale aircraft is good but the deal is bad.
speaking in a discussion on the rafale issue, arvind sawant (ss) said the government speaks of transparency, then why it is rejecting the demand for a jpc probe.
we are transparent.
why we should be scared.
our government is good, it is not corrupt, then why should we be scared?
let there be a jpc probe and the truth come out, he said.
read | narendra modi does not have guts to come to parliament to face questions on rafale: rahul gandhishiv sena, a feuding partner of the saffron party, has been attacking the narendra modi government over a host of issues, including the rafale controversy.
making a reference to the bofors deal, which had happened during the period of rajiv gandhi government and was marred by allegations of corruption, sawant said bofors was a good gun but the deal was bad.
same kind of allegations are being levelled now, he added.
people say rafale is good (aircraft) but deal is bad, sawant said.
finance minister arunjaitley has spoken on the matter but confusion remains, he said, adding that the supreme court in its judgement never said there should not be a jpc probe.
in an apparent reference to anil ambani's defence firm, the sena member also asked why the offset deal was given to a company that existed only on paper.
new delhi: the process of filing nominations for the presidential poll began today with six persons filing papers for the july 17 election.
the nomination process would continue till june 28.
the notification for the election was issued by the election commission (ec) today.
all the nominations filed today are set to be rejected as none has the mandatory support of 100 electors -- 50 proposers and as many seconders.
k padmarajan from tamil nadu, anand singh kushwaha from madhya pradesh, a bala raj from telangana, a couple saira bano mohammed patel and mohammed patel abdul hamid from mumbai, and kondekar vijayprakash from pune filed the nomination papers.
at least four of the candidates have not deposited rs 15,000 of security money.
the ruling nda and a loosely knit group of opposition parties have intensified efforts to zero in on a mutually acceptable presidential candidate.
but they would go their separate ways if a consensus proves elusive.
after a prolonged silence on the issue, bjp chief amit shah has constituted a three-member committee comprising union ministers rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu which would hold consultations with the nda allies and the opposition on the issue.
they would meet congress president sonia gandhi on friday.
leaders of opposition parties held their meeting this afternoon to chalk out their joint strategy and come up with a consensus candidate.
no names were discussed today though.
sources said the opposition leaders would try and come out with some possible names for the post of president, but will await the government initiative in this regard.
in a bid to ensure that non serious candidates do not file nomination for the prestigious election, laws were amended a few years ago.
now, a candidate who is supported by 50 'electors' and seconded by another 50 can file nomination.
elected members of the lok sabha and the rajya sabha and elected members of state legislative assemblies are the electors.
if the elections are held in case both the nda and the opposition field their candidates, then the results would be announced on july 20.
the term of present incumbent pranab mukherjee would come to an end on july 24.
the fiscal deficit target of 3.
3 per cent of the gdp by fy19 is likely to be breached, unless the government generates coins from behind the ears.
tax and non-tax revenue continue to disappoint, while gst collections at `8.
71 lakh crore offer few crumbs of fiscal and political comfort.
a sum of `4.
77 lakh croremore than half of the gst revenue earned in nine monthsneeds to be collected in three months now, indicating a clear shortfall of `70,000-`1 lakh crore revenue.
actual direct tax collections stood at 64.
7 per cent of annual target till december, marginally lower than previous years.
non-tax revenue too is dismal, with disinvestment proceeds likely missing the target, which is why the government is looking elsewhere, including psus unspent cash and interim dividend from rbi.
any debt must be eventually paid, by running surpluses, printing money or pruning expenditure.
or the government can take recourse in frbms escape clause of 0.
5 per cent fiscal deficit deviation.
but thats something finance minister arunjaitley avoided in the past four budgets, styling himself as a fiscal hawk.
but with little room for tax-and-spend policies now, his party approaches elections from a position of vulnerability.
as revenue-side economics retains its tyrannical grip on our finances, expenditure compression is unavoidable, but in reality efforts should be made to reduce subsidies and interest payments, which currently are the largest component in revenue expenditure at 35.
3 per cent.
the change in guard at rbi could cheer the government, as 92 per cent of national debt is internal and a dovish monetary policy will give it comfort.
jaitley did well in avoiding populism in the treasury spreadsheet last budget, and its imperative to continue the keynesian counter-cyclical fiscal policy, where deficits decline in a growing economy.
even a mild breach in fiscal consolidation will give the crying baby (opposition) the candy, besides allowing the sovereign to get butchered by markets, bond yields, investors and rating agencies.
by ptinew delhi: central investigation agencies today turned up the heat on embattled jewellery designer nirav modi in a huge bank fraud case, by seizing diamond and gold jewellery worth rs 5,100 crore in nationwide searches and initiating the process for revoking his passport, officials said.
the cbi and the ed moved separate applications to the external affairs ministry seeking the revocation of passports of modi and his maternal uncle mehul choksi, the promoter of gitanjali jewellery chain, both accused in the 280-crore bank fraud case the officials said.
the central bureau of investigation (cbi) completed the analysis of computers seized from premises linked to him and was going through the two fresh complaints received from punjab national bank (pnb) on tuesday that it had been defrauded of rs 11,400 crore to decide its future course of action.
also read: punjab national bank fraud case: financial services secretary updates arunjaitley day for companies and outlets owned or partnered by the 46-year-old diamond merchant, who has fled the country on january 1, began with the enforcement directorate (ed) carrying out searches at properties linked to him in mumbai, delhi and gujarat and claiming to have seized gold and diamond jewellery and precious stones worth rs 5,100 crore.
watch video: ed conducts raids on nirav modi showroomsas many as 17 locations in delhi, mumbai, hyderabad, jaipur and surat were raided by the ed after the agency filed a rs 280-crore money laundering case against modi, his wife ami, brother nishal and choksi yesterday, following a complaint by the bank.
read: meet nirav modi, the celebrity jewellery designer accused in a rs 280 crore money-laundering case by punjab national banked officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said five properties belonging to modi and the other accused in mumbai were sealed by the agency.
the ed has also written to the income tax department for sharing all documents seized by it during raids on january last year from premises linked to modi and his associates.
the ed filed the case under the prevention of money laundering act (pmla) after going through a cbi fir registered on january 31.
also read: nda government looked other way when nirav modi slipped out of india, says congressthe agency also went through the pnb complaint that was made out against nirav modi and others.
the ed, they said, would probe if the allegedly defrauded bank funds were laundered and these proceeds of crime were subsequently used by the accused to create illegal assets and black money.
modi, a regular feature on the lists of rich and famous indians since 2013, was booked by the cbi, along with wife, brother and choksi on january 31, for allegedly cheating the state-run bank to the tune of rs 280 crore.
the bank has sent two more complaints to the cbi on tuesday, saying the scam was worth more than rs 11,400 crore.
explainer: how punjab national bank fell victim to india's biggest bank fraudin a related development, the cbi officials said modi and other members of his family, who fled the country last month, allegedly made fraudulent transactions of over rs 11,400 crore through 150 letters of understanding issued by the bank.
modi, who holds an indian passport, left india on january 1, while his brother nishal, a belgian citizen, also left the country on same day.
however, whether they travelled together has to be probed, they said.
modi's wife ami, a us citizen, left on january 6 and his uncle choksi departed on january 4, the officials said.
the bank became suspicious only on january 16 when the accused companies --diamond r us, solar exports and stellar diamonds (all accused in the cbi fir) -- approached it with import documents and a request to issue letters of understanding (lous) for raising buyers' credit for making payments to the overseas suppliers.
the bank, however, could not find any past entries in the system, the fir has alleged.
it approached the cbi on january 29 with a complaint of rs 280 crore fraud, officials said.
modi, who is believed to be in switzerland, was also present in a group photograph of indian ceos with prime minister narendra modi, issued by the press information bureau, during the world economic forum on january 23, six days before the bank sent its first complaint against him to the cbi, according to the officials.
the agency immediately swung into action registering an fir on january 31 followed by searches at 20 locations in mumbai and surat and issued a look out circular on february 4 against nirav modi and three absconding accused, they said.
a look out circular is issued by enforcement agencies to all exit and entry ports to inform them about the movement of an accused.
the question why the pnb did not send one complaint to the cbi and decided to give separately is also under the scanner of the agency, they said.
the agency is analysing the fresh complaints and will take a call whether to register fresh firs or expand the ambit of the existing fir related to fraudulent transactions of worth rs 280 crore, they said.
in these cases, the bank has alleged that the lous were issued to hong kong-based branches of allahabad bank and axis bank, they said.
by iansnew delhi: analysing all facets of development and reform, india's economic survey for 2017-18 has pegged the country's growth at 6.
75 per cent for the current fiscal and 7 to 7.
5 per cent for 2018-19 while cautioning that increase in crude oil prices in international market may dampen the spirit.
a series of major reforms undertaken over the past year will allow real gdp growth to reach 6.
75 per cent this fiscal and will rise to 7 to 7.
5 per cent in 2018-19, thereby re-instating india as the world's fastest growing major economy, the survey said here on monday.
the survey, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley on monday, also said the reform measures undertaken in 2017-18 can be strengthened further in 2018-19.
click here for budget session 2018 updatesthe survey underlined that the economy began to accelerate in the second half of the year and can clock 6.
75 per cent growth this fiscal due to the launch of transformational goods and services tax (gst) reform on july 1, 2017 and resolution of the long-festering twin balance sheet (tbs) problem by sending the major stressed companies for resolution under the new indian bankruptcy code.
it also said implementing a major recapitalisation package to strengthen the public sector banks, further liberalisation of foreign direct investment (fdi) and the export uplift from the global recovery had played a major role in boosting the growth.
looking at the achievements of the past year, the launch of the transformational gst was certainly the major one, chief economic advisor arvind subramanian told reporters here referring to the single national tax that replaced the earlier multiple central and state taxes from july 1.
there were bound to be teething challenges with such a major reform and mid course corrections were taken, he said.
if you look at the last four quarters, you will see that manufacturing export growth is about 11.
3 per cent, which is very healthy and broadly in line with where the world economy is going, the cea added.
the economy will start reaping benefits of these reforms in the next fiscal year and we look forward to continuity in the reforms process displayed by thegovernment, said rashesh shah, president, ficci.
the survey numbers boosted the indian equity indices -- sensex and nifty -- which touched record highs on monday.
the survey pointed out that as per of the quarterly estimates there was a reversal of the declining trend of gdp growth in the second quarter of 2017-18, led by the industry sector.
the gross value added at constant basic prices is expected to grow at the rate of 6.
1 per cent in 2017-18 as compared to 6.
6 per cent in 2016-17.
similarly, agriculture, industry and services sectors are expected to grow at the rate of 2.
1 per cent, 4.
4 per cent, and 8.
3 per cent respectively in 2017-18.
it said that india can be rated as among the best performing economies in the world as the average growth during last three years is around 4 percentage points higher than global growth and nearly 3 percentage points higher than that of emerging market and developing economies.
the survey said headline inflation measured by the consumer price index (cpi) has remained under control for the fourth successive year which has been possible due to good agricultural production coupled with regular price monitoring by the government.
the survey cautioned some of the factors could have dampening effect on gdp growth in the coming year like the possibility of an increase in crude oil prices in the international market.
in the last three fiscal years, india experienced a positive terms of trade shock.
but in the first three quarters of 2017-18, oil prices have been about 16 per cent greater in dollar terms than in the previous year.
it is estimated that a $10 per barrel increase in the price of oil reduces growth by 0.
2-0.
3 percentage points, increases wpi inflation by about 1.
7 percentage points and worsens the cad (current account deficit) by about $9-10 billion dollars, the survey said.
subramanian added: if oil prices remain at current levels, i think there will be challenges.
so i think we need to watch oil prices very carefully.
that's a risk.
also, sharp corrections to elevated stock prices is another risk we should be watchful of.
it highlighted that against the emerging macroeconomic concerns, policy vigilance will be necessary in the coming year, especially if high international oil prices persist or elevated stock prices correct sharply provoking a sudden stall in capital flows.
the agenda for the next year consequently remains full: stabilising the gst, completing the tbs actions, privatising air india, and staving off threats to macro-economic stability.
the cea added that if the insolvency and bankruptcy code process progresses well and expeditiously -- and if actions happen on time and are accepted without glitches -- then there is a chance that private investment picking up after so many years of languishing.
the survey said that there was an increase in the number of taxpayers post-demonetisation.
.
.
.
taking seasonality into account it is found that there is a 0.
8 per cent monthly trend increase in new tax filers (annual growth of 10 per cent), the survey report said.
the level of tax filers by november 2017 was 31 per cent greater than what this trend would suggest, a statistically significant difference.
this translates roughly into about 1.
8 million additional tax payers due to demonetisation-cum-gst, representing 3 per cent of existing taxpayers.
it said india's foreign exchange reserves reached $409.
4 billion at end-december 2017.
foreign exchange reserves grew by 14.
1 percent on a year-on-year basis from end december 2016 ($358.
9 billion) to end december 2017 and it grew by 10.
7 percent from end-march, 2017 ($370.
0 billion) to end december 2017.
foreign exchange reserves increased further to $413.
8 billion on january 12, 2018.
the import cover of india's foreign exchange reserves was 11.
1 months at end september 2017 as compared with 11.
3 months at end-march 2017, revealed the survey.
within the major economies running current account deficit, india is among the largest foreign exchange reserve holders and sixth largest among all countries of the world, it added.
the economic survey 2017-18 has emphasised that apart from usual geo-political and geo-economic risks, the main risks lying on the macrofinance front in advanced economies stem from three inter-related sources like asset valuations, interest rates and bond and equity prices.
the survey said the outlook for 2018-19 will be determined by economic policy in the run-up the next national election.
if macro-economic stability is kept under control, the ongoing reforms are stabilised, and the world economy remains buoyant as today, growth could start recovering towards its medium term economic potential of at least 8 per cent.
here are the highlights of the report:growth* 2018/19 growth seen at 7 pct to 7.
5 pct y/y* 2017/18 gdp growth seen at 6.
75 pct y/y* 2017/18 industry growth seen at 4.
4 pct* 2017/18 farm sector growth seen at 2.
1 pct* economic management will be challenging in the coming year* biggest source of upside to growth to be from exports* cyclical conditions may lead to lower tax and non-tax revenues in 2017/18* private investment poised to reboundfiscal deficit* target for fiscal consolidation specially in a pre-election year can carry a high risk of credibility* current account deficit for 2017/18 expected to average 1.
5-2 pct of gdp* pause in general govt fiscal consolidation cannot be ruled out in 2017/18* suggests modest (fiscal) consolidation that signals a return to the path of gradual but steady deficit reductionsinflation, policy rates* persistently high oil prices remain a key risk, to affect inflation* if inflation doesn't deviate from current levels policy rates can be expected to remain stable* average cpi inflation seen at 3.
the rajya sabha proceedings started amid din with the opposition parties constantly insisting that the prime minister address the house over the ongoing demonetization debate.
fifteen minutes into the proceedings, the rajya sabha was adjourned till noon.
agar pm mein himmat hai to lok sabha bhang karaayein, desh mein chunaav karayein, sahi survey tabhi hoga: bsp chief mayawati #demonetisation pic.
twitter.com/ox7vv0kmxe  ani (@ani_news) november 24, 2016the house that witnessed a stormy session had opposition leader representing congress ghulam nabi azad saying, the former prime minister manmohan singh would like to speak something.
union finance minister brought out a rule book and said, if the debate is on demonetisation issue, let opposition resume the debate and dr manmohan singh speak.
if there is no debate, nobody from the opposition is going to be allowed to speak, the fm added.
if it is on demonetisation issue, let opposition resume the debate and dr manmohan singh speak: finance minister arunjaitley in rs  ani (@ani_news) november 24, 2016keeping up the heat of the house, bahujan samaj party supremo mayawati wasnt far behind, and said pm should come in the house and participate in the debate.
why is he running away?
earlier in the day, union home minister rajnath singh called for an all-party meeting which the opposition skipped.
by express news servicenew delhi: two days after apparently calling a truce with the rbi, the ministry of finance has come back for another bite.
on friday, economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg took to twitter with his no signs of the wrath of the markets jibe.
rupee trading at less than 73 to a dollar, brent crude below $73 a barrel, markets up by over 4 per cent during the week and bond yields below 7.
8 per cent.
wrath of the markets?
garg tweeted.
the remarks are an apparent reference to rbi deputy governor viral acharyas speech asserting that governments that do not respect central bank independence will sooner or later incur the wrath of the financial markets.
.
.
a war of words followed, with finance minister arunjaitley pontificating that rbi failed to check indiscriminate lending during 2008-2014, which caused the prevailing npa crisis.
meanwhile, extending its support, the international monetary fund (imf) said it was monitoring the ongoing rift and underscored the independence of central banks.
just stepping back, as a general principle, and weve said this before.
ive said this before standing here that we support clear lines of responsibility and accountability.
.
.
and, international best practice is that there should be no government or industry interference that compromises the independence of the central bank and financial supervisor, said gerry rice, director of communications, imf.
this is true across the range of countries that the independence of the central bank and the financial supervisor is of utmost importance, he asserted.
as per reports, the government sent at least three letters threatening to invoke section 7 of the rbi act that gives it powers to issue any direction to the central bank governor on matters of public interest.
the standoff was in relation to rbis handling of weak public sector banks, tight liquidity in the market and on resolving bad loans in the power sector.
following the verbal sparring, it was even speculated that rbi governor urjit patel was considering stepping down if the government were to invoke section 7.
bhubaneswar: union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas today welcomed the announcement of union finance minister arunjaitley for construction of strategic crude oil reserves at two more locations including chandikhol in jajpur district.
the ministry for petroleum and natural gas (mopng) had submitted a proposal to the ministry of finance last year seeking financial assistance for construction of the two strategic petroleum reserves in the second phase, union minister of state for dharmendra pradhan told this paper.
the phase-ii storage will have a total capacity of 10 million tonne.
the chandikol facility will have a storage capacity of 4.
4 milion tonnes and ita has been estimated to cost around rs 5000 crore.
the storage at chandikhol will be an underground rock cavern, he said.
at present, india has three underground caverns at visakhapatnam (1.
33 million tonnes), mangalore (1.
5 million tonnes) and padur (2.
5 million tonnes).
the crude oil stock in the three facilities storage will be enough to meet nation's oil requirement of about 10 days, he added.
pradhan also thanked arunjaitley for making budgetary provision for 2,000 kms of coastal roads which will facilitate better connectivity with ports and remote villages.
the state government proposal for construction of a 451 km long highway along the coast line has been approved by the national highway authority of india (nhai).
meanwhile, the proposed road project is being surveyed by two consultants appointed nhai and the detailed project report (dpr) is expected to be completed by end of this month.
survey is conduct in two stretches  from chhatrapur to ratanpur (262 km) and ratanpur to digha (240 km).
the proposed road will be from gopalpur in ganjam district to digha in west bengal.
according to preliminary inspection, 14 bridges touching all major rivers of the state would have to be constructed for the road.
over 178 villages will be connected through the road.
speaking at the council on foreign relations, a prominent think tank, the finance minister blamed pakistan for the strained indo-pak ties.
jaitley, who is also holding the portfolio of defence minister, said india made many efforts to improve the ties with pakistan over the last few years but every time there was a negative reaction.
jadhav, 46, was tried through field general court martial (fgcm) under the pakistan army act (paa) and was awarded the death sentence.
pakistan army chief gen qamar javed bajwa later confirmed the death sentence.
pakistan claims its security forces had arrested jadhav from the restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
it also claimed that he was a serving officer in the indian navy.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest.
india had acknowledged that jadhav had served with the navy but denied that he has any connection with the government.
the jadhav episode could further strain the india- pakistan ties which were hit after attacks in pathankot and uri by pakistan-based terrorists last year.
by ptinew delhi: terming the bjp-led nda's victory in the lok sabha elections as miraculous win, finance minister arunjaitley thursday said people have rejected royalties, dynasties and caste based parties.
as per the trend, the bjp-led nda will form the government at the centre for the second successive term with absolute majority.
also read: lok sabha elections 2019 results livecongratulations to the hon'ble prime minister shri @narendramodi ji, all the nda and bjp workers for achieving this miraculous win in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
expressing gratitude to the people for reposing their faith in the bjp/ nda, arunjaitley questioned the accountability of those who were bringing a bad name to india's democracy both domestically and internationally by raking up the vvpat issue.
rejecting the opposition demand for counting of random vvpats before counting the electronic votes, the election commission on wednesday decided to follow the established procedure of counting voter-verified paper audit trail (vvpat) slips for the mandatory five polling stations per assembly segment of each parliamentary constituency at the end of the entire counting process.
new delhi: amidst political slugfest over demonetization of high value currency, the bjp on friday sought to take high ground on the issue of black money, while asking the opposition parties to clarify their positions.
claiming that the opposition has been rattled over the decision of demonetization, the bjp chief amit shah stated that some political parties have become poorer.
the bjp chief challenged the opposition to contest the upcoming state elections on the issue of black money.
let the people decide which party is against black money, said shah, while adding that the opposition parties always questioned the narendra modi-led nda government on steps being taken against black money.
now that the government unveiled strongest measures against black money, these parties are rattled, claimed shah.
the bjp chief also refuted the claims that the ruling party knew in advance about the impending government decision.
only constitutional authorities and those in the administration knew of the upcoming decision.
the bjp has no illicit money.
we submit our accounts with the election commission, added the bjp chief.
in line with the strategy of the bjp and the nda government at the centre to fire-fight the apparent anger among the people inconvenienced by the measure, shah sought to counter the charges of the congress, samajwadi party, bsp and trinamool congress by claiming that only non-tax payers and those with ill-gotten money are anguished with the decision to demonetize.
while the finance minister arunjaitley will reportedly give as many as 80 interviews to the television channels, other union ministers, besides the bjp leaders, would be reaching out to the media to give clarifications and messages that the economy would get a major boost following the demonetization.
the opposition parties have exposed themselves and shown their true face by criticising the governments bold decision.
they have been rattled.
some political parties have become poorer as well, said shah during a press briefing at the party headquarter.
the bjp chief wondered why congress, sp, bsp and aap are so pained.
i can understand that dealers of black money, fake currency, hawala and drug, besides naxalites are rattled.
but i cannot understand why leaders like mulayam singh yadav, mayawati and arvind kejriwal are joining the unhappy lot, quipped shah.
in a bid to reach out to the people who have been inconvenienced due to the demonetization decision, shah stated that the all patriots, the common man, tax payers do not need to worry and the government will protect the interests of the poor, farmers, labourers, small traders.
by ptiwashington: the imf has said it was monitoring the reported rift between the rbi and the centre in india, and expressed its opposition to any move that compromises the independence of central banks anywhere in the world.
also read | rbi head should work with government or quit, says official at key hindu group rssthere were reports of mounting tension between the ministry of finance and the reserve bank of india (rbi) over the autonomy of monetary policy makers after finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday criticised the central bank for failing to check indiscriminate lending during 2008 and 2014 that has led to the present bad loan or non-performing asset (npa) crisis in the banking industry.
we're monitoring the development on that issue and will continue to do so, international monetary fund (imf) director of communications gerry rice told reporters on thursday when asked about the row.
just stepping back, as a general principal, and we've said this before.
i've said this before standing here that we support clear lines of responsibility and accountability.
and, international best practice is that there should be no government or industry interference that compromises the independence of the central bank and financial supervisor, rice said.
this is true across the range of countries that the independence of the central bank and the financial supervisor is of utmost importance, he asserted.
we regard it as such and we have to make that statement in the context of a number of countries.
so, i think that's probably the best response i can give you, rice said, responding to a question on the increasing efforts globally to criticise central banks, including the one by the us president donald trump in recent weeks.
the row was sparked off last friday when rbi deputy governor viral acharya in a hard-hitting speech warned that undermining central bank's independence could be potentially catastrophic, possible indication of the rbi being pushed to relax its policies ahead of general elections next year.
also read | the rs 10 lakh crore government question that rbi chose to ducksources privy to development said the government had sent at least three letters on different issues under section 7 of the rbi act that gives it powers to issue any direction to the central bank governor on matters of public interest.
the standoff was in relation to rbi's handling of weak public sector banks, tight liquidity in the market and ways of resolving bad loans in the power sector.
some reports claimed that rbi governor urjit patel was considering stepping down if the government were to issue an unprecedented direction.
without acknowledging that the notices have been sent to the rbi, the finance ministry in a statement said that the autonomy for the central bank, within the framework of the rbi act, is an essential and accepted governance requirement.
governments in india have nurtured and respected this.
new delhi: whether prime minister narendra modi will travel to pakistan to attend the saarc summit later this year will be a policy decision a call on which will be taken at the right time, government sources said tonight.
it is something on which we will take a call at the right time, they said.
there has been an escalation in war of words between india and pakistan over the ongoing unrest in kashmir and today india rejected islamabad's proposal to hold foreign secretary-level talks on the issue.
the 19th saarc summit is scheduled to be held in islamabad in november.
asked whether finance minister arunjaitley will travel to pakistan to attend the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) finance ministers' meeting, the sources said a decision on it has not been firmly made.
on reports that the prime minister may not travel to venezuela next month to attend the non-aligned movement (nam) summit, the sources said it has not been decided who will represent india at the conclave.
at the same time, they added there was no change in india's policy towards nam.
the last time an indian prime minister stayed away from attending nam was chaudhary charan singh in 1979.
asked about modi's comments on situation in balochisthan, the sources said it was an expression of concern by the prime minister and did not come out of the blue.
they said the pm was troubled by the human rights violations and excesses done by pakistani army in balochistan.
questions like with whom india will coordinate and what new delhi was going to do in balochistan are premature and irrevalent, the sources said.
about discussion with chinese foreign minister wang yi here last week on nsg issue, the sources said the leader of the chinese delegation at the plenary meeting of the 48-nation grouping in seoul in june will soon come to india.
they said all related issues will be discussed during his visit.
by iansnew delhi: governments asset monetisation programme involving development and sale of surplus land parcel and other non-core assets of public sector enterprises (pses) is expected to be big focus of budget 2019-20 that is constrained to look at various innovative models to mobilise additional resources amidst a slowing economy.
senior government officials said that the new asset monetisation programme will hinge on a two-pronged strategy.
one involving strategic sale of loss making and defunct pses sitting on large tracts of land that could be commercially utilised.
the second part of the strategy will be to get even existing profit making pses such as ongc, ntpc, sail, bhel, airports authority of india (aai), powergrid, to sell some of their non-core assets, including manufacturing units and surplus land to realise funds that could be invested in new projects where private investments is not forthcoming.
also read: expect first budget of modi 2.
0 to be pro-peoplethe government will benefit from such exercise as portion of gains from such sale by psus will be recouped to it by way of higher dividend pay-out.
also, it will receive a portion of the commission charged by state-run construction company nbcc ltd that may get mandate to auction some of the psu assets.
dipam has also sought expression of interests (eoi) from international property consultancy firms to offer advisory services in its cpse land and building asset monetisation drive.
there are huge tracts of land in prime areas that could realise good commercial value on sale.
some of the land parcels are with loss making and defunct pses that could offer good revenue to the government under the strategic sale route.
a portion of this land can also be used for making affordable housing for poor, said a government official asking not to be named.
though the asset monetisation scheme was announced in 2016, it never took off due to differences over the scale and end use of such assets.
moreover, the earlier plan weighted heavily on involving nbcc to facilitate quick monetisation of assets.
but this was not the right path to take, the official added.
also read: low expectations of budgetary stimulus to subdue equitiesthe renewed focus on asset monetisation this year will active participation of both nbcc and international property consultants and other consultants selected through a competitive bidding process.
on its part, dipam and niti aayog, the government's think-tank, have already started the exercise to identify projects that would be put up under the scheme.
the consultants would assess their valuation and decide on a mechanism to sell them.
the plan could take up land parcels such as surplus land available with ntpc on its now closed badarpur power plant in delhi.
though an eco-park is proposed over 884 acre of land, sources said some way to commercialise extract the prime land could be explored.
also, erstwhile videsh sanchar nigam ltd's (vsnls) surplus land measuring 773.
13 acres located at five locations in four cities, namely, pune, kolkata, new delhi and chennai could also be put up under asset monetisation.
last year, the national company law tribunal (nclt) had approved a scheme which cleared the way to de-merge surplus land of nearly 773 acres from tata comm that bought vsnl in an earlier disinvestment round, settling a 16-year-old matter.
also read: an ideal budget from nirmala sitharaman?
all it needs are these three stepsat a meeting of officials from dipam, niti aayog, oil ministry and other departments recently, a decision has been taken to monetise non-core assets of ongc and bpcl.
this will involve sale of the sports club owned by bharat petroleum corporation limited (bpcl) in chembur, mumbai and few of the golf courses of ongc with priority sale of two at ahmedabad and vadodara being located on prime land.
ongc also owns a few more golf courses -- in ankleshwar (gujarat), rajahmundry (andhra pradesh) and one in assam.
moreover, six cpses, including idpl, hmt, hindustan antibiotics, scooters india and tungabhadra steel products, have more than 3,000 acres of prime land that may be monetised.
the entire sale proceeds from these loss-making entities would flow to the centre.
huge land parcels are also available with port trusts.
the whole plan on asset monetisation is being finalised based on its success in the highway sector where national highway authority of india (nhai) has been successful in getting good investor interest in some of its operational road projects.
in fact, niti aayog has favoured reverse bot (build, operate and transfer) model for all state-run infrastructure projects so that these projects are sold out and allowed to be run by the private sector.
while the government seems determined to move ahead with its innovative idea that found its place first in then finance minister arun jaitley's budget speech of 2016, a few psu heads are not comfortable with the idea to hand over projects build with their sweat on a platter to the private sector.
we should look at finding buyers for some of our idle and deadwood projects rather than handing over those where psus have worked hard to get clearances and create a market, said a psus head not wishing to be named.
ntpc is already looking at selling or closing down some of its old power plants that have depleted value for it.
for sail, the plan is to identify private sector investors for its loss-making units.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi wednesday met finance minister arunjaitley , hours after he announced his decision not to seek a ministerial berth in the new government.
modi drove to jaitley's official residence in the national capital and was with him for some time, officials said.
the deliberations at the meeting were not immediately known.
neither arunjaitley , who had tweeted his letter written to modi that he does not want to have any responsibility in the new government, nor his office immediately commented on the meeting.
modi and his council of ministers would be sworn in at rashtrapati bhawan thursday evening.
delhi: prime minister narendra modi arrives at the residence of arun jaitley.
pic.
twitter.com/iy6zn8ebji  ani (@ani) may 29, 2019sources said prime minister acknowledged receipt of jaitley's letter and also appreciated his contribution towards economy and implementation of gst.
however, it was not immediately known if modi acceded to jaitley's request.
after the campaign had concluded and you were leaving for kedarnath, i had orally informed you that even though i was able to discharge the responsibilities assigned to me during the campaign, i would in future, for sometime, like to keep away from any responsibility.
this will enable me to concentrate on my treatment and health, he wrote.
a lawyer by profession, he has been the most important leader in modi's cabinet and has often acted as the chief troubleshooter for the government.
as finance minister, arunjaitley steered through parliament major economic legislation such as the goods and services tax (gst), which had languished for nearly two decades.
jaitley, 66, has also played key role in getting through several other laws such as the bill to ban the muslim instant divorce practice known as 'triple talaq' and also articulately defended the rafale fighter jet deal.
last week, he was admitted to aiims last week to undergo tests and treatment for an undisclosed illness and was discharged on thursday - the day results of lok sabha elections were announced.
he did not attend celebrations at bjp headquarters that evening after the party's emphatic victory.
bjp won a landslide 303 seats, of the 542 seats, in the general elections.
jaitley underwent surgery in the us on january 22 for a reported soft tissue cancer in his left leg, an illness that deprived him from presenting the modi government's sixth and final budget of its current term.
railway and coal minister piyush goyal was the stand-in finance minister who presented the interim budget for 2019-20.
by express news servicenew delhi: brushing aside apprehensions that the autonomy of reserve bank (rbi) is under threat, finance minister arunjaitley on friday maintained that the government respects the independence of the central bank and raising issues do not infringe on the same.
if there is a scarcity of capital in the market, it has to be flagged to the concerned authority, he added.
read | arunjaitley admits some areas of differences between centre, rbi.
.
.
(its) because we respect the autonomy of the central bank, we tell them (that) these are the problems the market is facing, he said.
the rbi-government row first came to the fray after economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg wrote a letter to the central bank, threatening to invoke section 7 of the rbi act, following a tussle over liquidity and management.
this resulted in rbi deputy governor viral acharya going for an open reproval and months after, rbi governor urjit patel resigning this monday with immediate effect, citing personal reasons.
the fact that shaktikanta das, a non-economist bureaucrat and a trusted aide of prime minister narendra modi, was appointed as the new governor has also raised eyebrows.
several economists raised concerns over the independence of the central bank, as das was one of the secretaries who spearheaded the demonetisation drive.
read | rbi board agrees to further examine governance framework of central bankthis was followed by series of attacks on rbi  the latest by union minister piyush goyal who, in a series of tweets, accused the rbi of wielding power without accountability.
it is our duty to hold institutions accountable to the people of india, goyal said, we need to know whether all the people are able to get loans from banks easily, what is the liquidity situation in the country today.
the tweets further deepened concerns on the rbis autonomy, as the government has been putting pressure on it to ease restrictions on lending and release more liquidity into the economy.
hc reprieve for rbimumbai: the bombay high court on friday granted interim stay on the order passed by the central information commission (cic) directing the rbi to disclose the list of wilful defaulters, which the central bank had not furnished under the right to information act.
after the cic issued a show cause notice to the then rbi governor urjit patel, rbi petitioned the bombay high court.
a division bench also stayed the show cause notice issued on november 2, 2018, by the cic to rbi governor, pti reported.
while demonetisation is the right step in curbing black money, more needs to be done to prevent those holding black money from converting it to white and to also ensure that after a few months things dont go back to the way they were, a special investigation team on black money wrote in a letter to union finance minister arunjaitley on friday.
the sit on black money, headed by justice mb shah and justice arijit pasayat, both former judges of the supreme court, suggested some measures to be implemented.
1) large cash deposits should be reported by banks to the tax department.
the sit recommended that the threshold not be made public so that black money hoarders do not dodge the measure by depositing amounts below the set limit.
taxmen should corroborate the deposits with such persons known sources of income.
if the amounts are found to be disproportionate to income earned, they should be penalised heavily and prosecuted.
2) to prevent black money hoarders from subverting the system by using poor people to deposit money and thus convert them to white, the sit stressed that banks must also report any deposits that are not commensurate with previous transactions in such accounts.
action then needs to be taken against both the facilitator and the beneficiary.
3) to pin down those who thought they were being clever by converting all their black money into gold the day that demonetisation was announced, the sit recommended that cash deposits made by jewellers be checked against their sales and the corresponding pan numbers of jewellery buyers.
the purchases made if not proportionate to known sources of income would invite penalty and prosecution against the buyer.
4) an upper limit should be imposed on cash transactions, to prevent further hoarding of black money, the sit said.
the recommendation was, in fact, made in a letter dated november 7, just a day before demonetisation was announced.
in the wake of new currency noted of a higher denomination of rs 2,000 being introduced, such a cap on cash transactions would ensure that it does not become easy for hoarders to stack illicit savings in the higher denomination notes.
visakhapatnam: at a time when banks are not in a position to disburse cash against the daily withdrawal limit to regular customers, the investors and businessmen in north coastal andhra districts are demanding a relaxation on the withdrawal limits.
the traders are seeking that the government increase cash withdrawal limit for business houses from existing rs 50,000 to rs 5 lakh per week.
a dissent is brewing among the businessmen who say that the lack of cash is taking toll on their ventures.
the middle and small scale industries say that the rs 50,000 cash withdrawal per week is doing no good to them.
the exporters and importers are suffering from non-availability of cash as they need to pay to transport operators of the visakhapatnam port trust in cash, g sambasiva rao says president-elect, ap chambers of commerce and industry federation.
rao has already written a letter to union finance minister arunjaitley through visakhapatnam mp k haribabu, requesting a relaxation on cash withdrawal limits for businessmen.
the relaxation is needed to overcome the problems of movement of cargos from and to the ports.
if the government increases the limit to rs 5 lakh, it will be much of help as the traders can pay the lorry operators, he says.
by ptinew delhi: several parts of andhra pradesh, telangana, madhya pradesh, bihar and poll-bound karnataka have reported a shortage of currency and atms running down, which the government today attributed to unusual spurt in demand in last three months.
jaitley, who has been away from office since april 2 due to a kidney ailment, said he has reviewed the currency situation in the country.
the issue which started yesterday has escalated with more cities reporting the same.
vadodara: people complain of inconvenience due to lack of currency in atms; say, 'most of the atms were out of service, could only withdraw rs 10,000 from one working atm that also after spending a lot of time in the queue' #gujarat pic.
twitter.com/zkbgcc4j4f  ani (@ani) april 17, 2018overall there is more than adequate currency in circulation and also available with the banks.
the temporary shortage caused by 'sudden and unusual increase' (in demand) in some areas is being tackled quickly, he said in a tweet.
the government is checking with banks and the reserve bank of india to ensure the adequate supply of currency.
we've cash currency of rs1,25,000 cr right now.
there is one problem that some states have less currency&others have more.
govt has formed state-wise committee & rbi also formed committee to transfer currency from one state to other.
it'll be done in 3 days: sp shukla, mos finance pic.
twitter.com/xm4b4nhmqu  ani (@ani) april 17, 2018#madhyapradesh: people in bhopal say 'we are facing a cash crunch.
atms are not dispensing cash.
the situation has been the same since 15 days.
we have visited several atms today as well, to no avail.
' pic.
twitter.com/vwtr3s7fll  ani (@ani) april 17, 2018a statement by the finance ministry confirmed reports of cash shortages and some atms running dry of cash or becoming non-functional in some parts of the country.
there has been unusual spurt in currency demand in the country in last three months, it said.
while currency supply increased by rs 45,000 crore in the first 13 days of april, unusual spurt in demand was seen more in some parts of andhra pradesh, telangana, karnataka, madhya pradesh and bihar, it said.
minister of state for finance shiv pratap shukla said the government has formed a committee to address the problem of currency shortage in certain states and the issue would be resolved in next 2-3 days.
the government has set up state-wise committee and rbi has also formed a committee to transfer currency from one state to other because for money transfer you need the permission of the rbi.
it (the shortage) will be solved in 2-3 days, he said.
however, the opposition criticised the government over the entire matter.
congress president rahul gandhi slammed prime minister narendra modi for what he described as destroying india's banking system by ushering in acchhe din for fugitive jewellers nirav modi and mehul choksi.
modiji destroyed the banking system.
nirav modi fled with rs 30,000 crore and the prime minister didn't utter a word, the congress scion said.
west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress supremo mamata banerjee said the matter reminds her of the demonetisation days.
she also asked whether a financial emergency was going on in the country.
seeing reports of atms running out of cash in several states.
big notes missing.
reminder of #demonetisation days.
is there a financial emergency going on in the country?
#cashcrunch #cashlessatms, banerjee tweeted.
rbi report shows that the currency in circulation in the country has reached the pre-demonetisation level of about rs 17 lakh crore.
watch video | atms in country running dry amid massive cash crunchthe government of india with the reserve bank of india have taken all steps to meet this unusual demand.
we had adequate reserves of currency notes which have been used to meet fully the extraordinary demand generated so far, the finance ministry statement said.
we continue to have in stock adequate currency notes of all denominations, including of rs 500, rs 200 and rs 100 to meet any demand, it added.
the government said there has been an adequate supply of currency notes to meet entire demand.
the government would also like to assure that it would be supplying adequate currency notes to meet even higher levels of demand if such demand were to continue in the coming days/months.
also, steps are being taken to ensure that atms are supplied with cash and non-functional atms normalised at the earliest.
sbi chairman rajnish kumar said it would not be correct to state that there is a currency shortage in the country.
there has been an imbalance due to the crop procurement season when demand for currency goes up.
he said punjab, madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh are seeing heightened demand due to procurement season.
chennai/mumbai: monday saw the indian stock markets break their brief recovery after a steady fall over the earlier few days, as the prime ministers indications that taxes on market participants might rise on saturday unnerved investors.
this fall came despite a quick clarification from finance minister arunjaitley on sunday that the government was not planning a hike in the capital gains tax.
the attempt to clear the air proved insufficient, with both the sensex and the nifty falling by 233.
60 points and 77.
80 points on monday.
the sensex closed at 25,807.
10 points, while the nifty closed at 7,908.
25 points.
this is the latters lowest closing level in seven months, even lower than the post-brexit referendum fall, when it closed the trading day at 7,927.
05.
the previous lowest close for the index came on may 24, when it closed at 7,748.
85.
on saturday, pm narendra modi had said market participants should contribute to nation-building in a fair, efficient and transparent way and promised more sound and prudent policies and reform measures,.
the statement was interpreted by many that the government was planning a long-term capital gains tax on profit made from investment in shares.
the triggered selling, despite jaitleys firefighting, saw sensex fall for the eighth time in nine days to extend the last weeks losing spell.
with investors continuing to fret over demonetisation, prime minister modis comments on higher taxes from capital markets ensured early sentiment was decidedly weak.
finance ministers reassurance dispelling rumours soothed markets, but with fiis continuing their preference for cash, buying interest remained thin and sporadic, said anand james, chief market strategist, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
the markets were shored up to some extent by a bout of short-covering ahead of the december month expiry in the derivatives segment on thursday and value-buying in select stocks, according to brokers.
but they were not helped by the continued outflow in foreign capital and brokers point out that investors see equities to remain volatile in the near term as most foreign funds will be on year-end holidays.
new delhi: states will receive provisional compensation from the centre for loss of revenue from implementation of gst every quarter, but the final annual number would be decided after an audit carried out by cag.
the compensation would be met through levy of a cess called 'gst compensation cess' on luxury items and sin goods like tobacco, for the first five years.
any excess amount after the end of five year tenure in the 'gst compensation fund' so created, would be divided between centre and the states, said the draft gst compensation law made public by the centre today.
half of the excess amount would go to the consolidated fund of india and would form part of the overall tax kitty, which as per statute, is divided in a fixed proportion between the centre and the states.
the remaining 50 per cent would be disbursed among the states in the ratio of their total revenues from sgst in the last year of the transition period.
any compensation paid to a state found to be in excess of the amount actually due to them after the comptroller and auditor general (cag) audit would be adjusted against next year's compensation, the draft law said.
the loss of revenue to a state will be the difference between the actual realisation to a state under goods and services tax (gst) regime and the tax revenue it would have got under the old indirect tax regime after considering a 14 per cent increase over the base year of 2015-16.
the draft law would be taken up for consideration by the gst council headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising all state representatives at the next meeting on december 2-3.
the council, at its earlier meetings, decided on a 4-tier gst tax structure of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
luxury items and demerit goods would be taxed at the highest rate and would also attract a cess to create a rs 50,000 crore corpus for compensating states for loss of revenue.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley monday said the centre has decided to increase its contribution to the nps for the central government employees to 14 per cent and also made the entire withdrawal amount tax free at the time of retirement.
the decision was taken at the union cabinet meeting last week.
the central government's contribution to the national pension system (nps) will be increased to 14 per cent from the current 10 per cent.
the minimum employee contribution stands at 10 per cent.
under the nps, the subscriber is eligible to withdraw 60 per cent of the corpus.
the remaining 40 per cent of the accumulated fund goes towards annuity.
tax exemption limit for lump sum withdrawal on exit has been enhanced to 60 per cent, the minister said, adding the entire withdrawal will now be exempt from income tax.
out of 60 per cent of the accumulated corpus withdrawn by the nps subscriber at the time of retirement, 40 per cent is tax exempt and balance 20 per cent is taxable.
this tax exemption on withdrawal is for all sections of employees.
there had been a long pending demand to bring nps in the eee (exempt-exempt-exempt) category and at par with employee provident fund (epf) and public provident fund (ppf).
new delhi: with an aim to push the national medical council bill, 2016, the prime minister narendra modi has constituted a group of ministers (gom) under finance minister arunjaitley to arrive at a consensus with the state governments on the constitution of the board, which would replace the medical council of india (mci).
the gom has been asked by the prime minister to submit reports at the earliest so that the government could expedite the passage of the bill in the parliament.
the state governments in their consultations with the niti aayog have argued that the majority of the medical professionals should be ensured in the board, which will replace the mci.
the state governments have expressed concerns that non-medical professionals could constitute majority in the board.
the gom will deliberate on such issues, said a senior official of the think-tank panel.
the official also stated that the draft cabinet note had been sent on the proposed bill to the prime ministers office (pmo).
but the prime minister apparently wanted that the bill should not be contentious and a broad consensus should be arrived at before it is taken up the cabinet for a decision.
the niti aayog vice chairman arvind panagaria and the ceo amitabh kant will coordinate with the gom, which will meet on march 20.
incidentally, the niti aayog had been arguing that there should be common entry and exit examinations for the medical professionals to help build authentic standards in the medical education.
new delhi: welcoming chief minister mehbooba muftis decision to invite hurriyat leaders for talks with the all-party delegation, the nationalist congress party (ncp) has said it is necessary to invite them as they can be instrumental in ensuring that the situation in kashmir is normalised.
we are talking with the separatists with whom ordinarily we would not like to talk, but in the best interest of the restoration of peace and bringing about normalcy, we may even tolerate this and speak to them.
they can be instrumental in ensuring that the situation is normalised.
i think that should happen and all our best wishes to rajnath singh and all our political leaders, ncp leader majid memon told ani.
when asked about the centres decision to use chilly-based pava shells as an alternative to pellet guns, he said the move might prove to be a significant step in winning the confidence of the people of kashmir.
what rajnath singh has done today should have done much earlier.
in the house also, we had raised this issue that the use of pellet should be stopped, but this government was not in a position to pay heed to that, but its better late than never.
i think this particular move may help win confidence of the people and making them think about bringing normalcy in the valley.
chief minister mufti, yesterday, invited hurriyat leaders for talks with all-party delegation who will be visiting the valley today.
i write to you in my capacity as the president of the j-k peoples democratic party and request you to take the lead and engage with the all party delegation of parliamentarians visiting the state tomorrow, the invitation said.
the invitation stated that the meet will be the start of a credible and meaningful political dialogue and resolution process to end the stalemate in the kashmir valley.
to convert our conviction and commitment of a peaceful and prosperous j-k into reality, it is important that you share your thoughts and beliefs with this distinguished group who represent the people of india and not only the government of india, the invitation added.
the all-party delegation will embark on a two-day visit to kashmir where parliamentarians will interact with governor n.n. vohra and the chief minister and will also be holding meetings with representatives of all political parties and other delegations in srinagar to bring peace in the restive valley.
the centre announced a special package of rs. 200 crore to engage the youth of jammu and kashmir in constructive sporting activities.
the centres package provides for construction of indoor sporting halls in all districts of the state to provide playing facilities to the youth during long winters.
under the package, two stadiums in srinagar and jammu will be upgraded to the international standards, while existing stadiums at poonch, rajouri and udhampur will also be upgraded.
union ministers arunjaitley , dr jitendra singh and ram vilas paswan will also be part of the delegation, besides leaders of the opposition ghulam nabi azad and mallikarjun kharge.
jd (u) leader sharad yadav, sitaram yechury, cpi leader d. raja, ncps tariq anwar and tmcs saugata roy will be the part of the delegation.
new delhi: amid concerns of missing the gst rollout deadline of april 1, the government today came out with a report card detailing the efforts being made to reach a consensus on support legislations for timely implementation of the new indirect tax regime.
all efforts are being made to meet the necessary deadlines to ensure that gst is rolled out by april 1, 2017, said the finance ministry's report card on gst implementation.
the gst council, which took over the job of rolling out the new indirect tax regime after the parliament passed the constitutional amendment and half of the states ratified it, has taken major decision on fixing tax rates, compensation to states and threshold of exemption.
the council, headed by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising representatives of all states, has been very cordial and all decisions till now have been taken by consensus.
as compared to the time taken in arriving at a consensus on the constitutional amendment bill for gst, the subsequent events after the passing of the bill indicate that the government of india and the states have done remarkably well in taking all necessary steps for implementation of gst, it said.
the government lost no time in implementing the goods and services tax (gst) so far and a number of important decisions have been taken in six meetings of the council, the report card added.
the finance ministry's statement comes days after the gst council for the third time failed to arrive at a decision on administering the new indirect tax regime which will have shades of both central and state levies.
at present, agenda items pertaining to gst related draft laws and provisions for cross empowerment to ensure single interface under gst are under consideration of the gst council.
99 sections the model gst law have already been considered by the council and remaining sections will be discussed in the next meeting of the council scheduled for december 22-23, 2016, it said.
the last gst council meeting on december 11 could not find time to discuss the all important issue of cross-empowerment.
members of the council are participating in the meetings with a very positive attitude and are working towards the roll-out of gst as per the deadline, the statement added.
the gst council in its first meeting had decided that gst would be rolled-out by april 1, 2017, it said.
various timelines had been decided for different aspects of implementation of gst such as recommendation of the model gst laws by the gst council and its passage by the union parliament and state legislatures, the development of front-end information technology (it) modules on the common gst portal and the back-end it systems, it said.
also included in the schedule are testing and integration of gst front-end and back-end it systems of all stakeholders, training of both central and state tax officials and sensitisation of trade, industry and consumers.
the statement said that the government is making efforts to meet the deadlines to roll out the new indirect tax regime from the next financial year.
listing out the progress so far, the ministry said as soon as the president's assent was received on the constitutional amendment act for gst on september 8, 2016, the gst council was created by the cabinet within one week along with the secretariat.
under article 279a of the constitution, the gst council has been entrusted with the power to make recommendations to the union and states on various gst related issues, the threshold limit of turnover below which goods and services may be exempted from gst and the rates including floor rates with bands of gst.
since notification of the gst council on september 12, 2016, six meetings have been held.
during these meetings, number of important decisions have been taken paving way for timely rollout of gst, it said, adding the threshold limit for exemption from levy of gst has been fixed at rs 20 lakh for normal states and rs 10 lakh for special category states.
the threshold for availing the composition scheme has been fixed at rs 50 lakh while service providers have been kept out of the composition scheme.
to compensate states for 5 years for loss of revenue due to implementation of gst, the base year for the revenue of the state has been fixed at 2015-16 and a fixed growth rate of 14 per cent would be applied to it.
the council has also approved the draft gst rules on registration, payment, return, refund and invoice, debit and credit notes.
all entities exempted from payment of indirect tax under any existing tax incentive scheme would pay tax in the gst regime and the decision to continue with any incentive scheme shall be with the concerned state or central government.
in case any state or central government decides to continue any existing exemption/incentive scheme, it will be administered by way of a reimbursement mechanism.
the council fixed bands of rates of goods under gst at 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
in addition, there would be a category of exempt goods.
further, it was decided that a cess would be levied on certain goods such as luxury cars, aerated drinks, pan masala and tobacco products, over and above the rate of 28 per cent for payment of compensation to the states.
the government mopped up rs 1.
03 lakh crore in gst collection in april, indicating stabilisation of the new indirect tax regime which was rolled out on july 1 last year.
while goods and services tax (gst) collection in entire 2017-18 stood rs 7.
41 lakh crore, in march the figure was rs 89,264 crore.
in another tweet, he said that with the improved economic climate, introduction of e-way bill and improved gst compliance, the indirect collections would continue to show a positive trend.
earlier in the day, the finance ministry said: the total gross gst revenue collected in april 2018 is rs 1,03,458 crore of which cgst is rs 18,652 crore, sgst is rs 25,704 crore, igst is rs 50,548 crore (including rs 21,246 crore collected on imports) and cess is rs 8,554 crore - including rs 702 crore collected on imports.
the buoyancy in the tax revenue of gst reflects the upswing in the economy and better compliance, the ministry said in a press release.
however, it is usually noticed that in the last month of financial year, people also try to pay arrears of some of the previous months also and, therefore, april 2018 revenue cannot be taken as trend for the future, it added.
the total revenue earned by the central and state governments, after settlement in april, is rs 32,493 crore for central gst and rs 40,257 crore for state gst, it said.
as far as total number of gstr 3b returns for march up to april 30 is concerned, nearly 69.
5 per cent have filed returns.
as many as 60.
47 lakh as against 87.
12 lakh, who are eligible to file returns for march, did the needful, it said.
april was also the month for filing of quarterly returns for composition dealers, it said.
out of 19.
31 lakh composition dealers, 11.
47 lakh have filed their quarterly return (gstr 4) and have paid total tax of rs 579 crore, which is included in rs 1.
03 lakh crore of total gst collection, it added.
by express news servicenew delhi: days after prime minister narendra modi announced that gst on 99 per cent of goods and services would be brought under the tax bracket of 18 per cent or lower, the gst council on saturday decided to slash indirect tax on two dozen items.
these include popular items such as movie tickets, televisions and religious travel, among others.
the reduced rates would be applicable from january 1, 2019.
however, the move was not as big as expected as the government, which is staring at a revenue shortfall of rs 60,000 crore in the first nine months of the current financial year, wanted to play it safe.
thats why some price-sensitive items like cement and auto parts are still kept in the 28 per cent slab despite widespread demand to cut tax on such items.
cutting rates on cement and auto parts would cost the exchequer rs 13,000 crore and rs 20,000 crore loss, respectively.
the gst council moved six items from the 28 per cent slab to 18 per cent.
gst on some auto component items were brought down from 28 per cent to 18 per cent, but rates on some others were left unchanged at 28 percent.
saturdays gst rate could cost the exchequer an annual revenue loss of rs 5,500 crore.
this could further complicate matters for the government, which is struggling to meet the budgeted target of rs 13.
48 lakh crore in gst revenue by collecting over rs 1 lakh crore a month.
however, tax mop-up has crossed rs 1 lakh crore only twice  in april and october.
while the government is beaming at the middle class with the rate cuts, industry had expected more as pm modi had promised to cut taxation on almost all goods and services below 18 per cent.
even as the centre has decided to bite the bullet, most of the opposition-ruled states are reportedly upset with the rate cuts because of the impact on revenues.
according to sources, congress-ruled chattisgarh and rajasthan sent only officers to attend the gst council, while madhya pradesh did not even bother to send a representative.
kerala and west bengal were of the opinion this was not the right time to cut rates.
with the country getting into a poll mode soon, more generous cuts are likely in the next gst council meeting in january 2019.
jaitley has already said the issue of real estate and small traders will be taken up in the next gst council meeting in january.
chennai: the next time you run out of mobile balance and you are near anna road head post office, dont look out for a roadside shop for recharging.
instead, visit the post office and get the job done within minutes.
the postal department has tied up with csc e-governance services india limited for operating common service centers (csc) to provide a range of public utility services all under one roof.
the first such facility in tamilnadu postal circle was inaugurated at anna road head post office this wednesday.
initially, the csc will provide limited services, like mobile data card and dth recharge, mobile bill payments, besides booking of bus tickets.
presently, there is a single counter in place which would accept both card and cash payments for the services rendered.
postal authorities say key services like applying for pan card, booking of train tickets, eprinting of aadhaar cards will be provided shortly.
speaking to express, charles lobo, chief postmaster general, tamilnadu circle, said csc is a single window mechanism which would deliver 52 services in total.
the csc at anna road is being tried for one month and we will evaluate its success.
however, we are confident that it will become popular as public are comfortable with post offices, he said.
he also said that plans are afoot to setup similar cscs in all head post offices in the state in a phased manner, possibly within the next two months.
in all, there are 94 head post offices (hpo) in tamil nadu.
this will enable people to avoid long-distance travel for obtaining a passport.
confirming the same, charles lobo said, passport seva kendras will be setup at vellore and salem within 15 days.
these are places approved by the ministry of external affairs, which felt that such a facility should be extended to people living in far-flung places where there are no passport seva kendras.
speaking at a post-budget meeting, organised by industry body ficci, he said he had in 2015 promised to cut corporate tax rate to 25 per cent, from 30 per cent, in four years.
jaitley added however that he had also set a condition all exemptions would have to go.
it would not be proper to end exemptions midway as some industries may have been set up based on them, he said.
and therefore, the opportunity to reduce the corporate tax rate to 25 per cent will arise when all the exemptions end in the due course, he said.
in the union budget 2018-19, presented last week, arunjaitley provided for lower tax rate for corporates with turnover of up to rs 250 crore.
for the remaining 7,000-odd companies, the average effective tax rate after considering the exemptions comes to about 22 per cent, he said.
on fiscal deficit, he said the target of trimming it down to 3.
2 per cent of the gdp in the current fiscal, ending march 31, was missed largely due to gst revenues accruing only for 11 months as against the expenditure being accounted for 12 months.
revenues under the goods and services tax (gst), which replaced 17 central and state levies including excise duty, service tax and vat, accrue only after a month in which the sales are made.
in contrast, the revenue from excise used to accrue just as the products left the factory.
so, for the current fiscal, the government accounted for revenue for only 11 months, with the accruals of march coming in only in april.
next year onwards, the 12 month cycle would be complete, he said, adding that the buoyancy in gst collections as well as indirect taxes gave him confidence that it would be easier to meet the fiscal deficit target of 3.
3 per cent set for 2018-19.
for the current fiscal, the deficit target has been set at 3.
5 per cent as against 3.
2 per cent previously stated.
the fiscal deficit or gap between total expenditure and revenues has been pegged at 3.
3 per cent for 2018-19, as against the frbm mandate of 3 per cent.
kochi: crisis in the cooperative banking sector in kerala went from bad to worse on wednesday, as day-to-day business of hundreds of small agricultural credit societies of the state came to a standstill due to their inability to withdraw or deposit funds via district cooperative banks (dcbs) for the fifth day running.
business has halted.
thousands of people at grassroots have been affected, as they cannot conduct transactions to run their societies, said m k radhakrishnan, general manager of ernakulam dcb, the largest dcb in kerala with over rs 9,000 crore deposits and 2 lakh accounts.
state level bankers committee (kerala), says there are 1,670 primary agricultural credit societies (pacs) and another 750 branches for the 14 dcbs.
thousands of small societies, including employees credit societies, harijan societies, vanitha societies, marketing societies and the like, have been affected now, said radhakrishnan, adding, the situation arose because by-laws approved by state government require pacs to deposit only in dcbs.
for depositing in other banks, they need governments permission.
cherian kunju p of planetfee, a firm handling core-banking at three pacs, namely kothamangalam service cooperative bank (scb), pothanikkadu scb and kalliyoor scb, said the main problem faced by pacs was that they could not remit or withdraw funds with their mother bank, which is the respective dcb.
allowing individuals to withdraw rs 24,000/week (rs 50,000/week for current account holders) may be okay, but for pacs, it is very little.
pacs are also barred from depositing demonetised rs. 500 and rs. 1000 notes, he said, adding that the problem was very acute in rural areas.
a majority of elderly and farmers depend on cooperative banks and have been, therefore, the worst hit by the clampdown on cooperative banking sector, he said.
radhakrishnan said rbi had allowed business correspondents - a bank-in-person authorised to collect small ticket deposits and extend small credit on banks behalf - to accept and exchange demonetised currencies, while dcbs, which possess proper banking license, are barred from such transactions.
meanwhile, minister a c moideen has written to union minister arunjaitley urging him to immediately withdraw the measures crippling keralas vibrant cooperative sector.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi handpicked a trusted bureaucrat, little known outside india's financial circles, to spearhead a radical move to abolish 86 percent of the country's cash overnight and take aim at the huge shadow economy.
hasmukh adhia, the bureaucrat, and five others privy to the plan were sworn to utmost secrecy, say sources with knowledge of the matter.
they were supported by a young team of researchers working in two rooms at modi's new delhi residence, as he plotted his boldest reform since coming to power in 2014.
when announced, the abolition of high-value banknotes of 500 and 1,000 rupees came as a bolt from the blue.
the secrecy was aimed at outflanking those who might profit from prior knowledge, by pouring cash into gold, property and other assets and hide illicit wealth.
previously unreported details of modi's handling of the so-called demonetisation open a window onto the hands-on role he played in implementing a key policy, and how he was willing to act quickly even when the risks were high.
while some advocates say the scrapping of the banknotes will bring more money into the banking system and raise tax revenues, millions of indians are furious at having to queue for hours outside banks to exchange or deposit their old money.
labourers have also been unpaid and produce has rotted in markets as cash stopped changing hands.
not enough replacement notes were printed in preparation for the upheaval, and it could take months for things to return to normal.
with india's most populous state, uttar pradesh, holding an election in early 2017 that could decide modi's chances of a second term in office, there is little time for the hoped-for benefits of his cash swap to outweigh short-term pain.
modi has staked his reputation and popularity on the move.
i have done all the research and, if it fails, then i am to blame, modi told a cabinet meeting on nov.
8 shortly before the move was announced, according to three ministers who attended.
direct line to modioverseeing the campaign, with support from the backroom team camped out at modi's sprawling bungalow in the capital, was adhia, a top finance ministry official.
the 58-year-old served as principal secretary to modi from 2003-06 when he was chief minister of gujarat state, establishing a relationship of trust with his boss and introducing him to yoga.
colleagues interviewed by reuters said he had a reputation for integrity and discretion.
adhia was named revenue secretary in sept.
2015, reporting formally to finance minister arun jaitley.
in reality, he had a direct line to modi and they would speak in their native gujarati when they met to discuss issues in depth.
in the world's largest democracy the demonetisation was revolutionary: it called into question the state's promise to pay the bearer the face value on every banknote.
at a stroke, modi scrapped money worth 15.
4 trillion rupees ($220 billion), equal to 86 percent of cash in asia's third-largest economy.
the idea is backed by some economists, although the speed of its implementation is widely seen as radical.
one is never ready for this kind of disruption - but it is a constructive disruption, said narendra jadhav, a 31-year veteran and former chief economist of india's central bank who now represents modi's party in the upper house of parliament.
modi, in his tv address to the nation, cautioned that people could face temporary hardship as replacement 500 and 2,000 rupee notes were introduced.
calling for an act of collective sacrifice, he promised steps to soften the blow for the nine in 10 indians who live in the cash economy.
biggest, boldest stepimmediately after the address, adhia sent a tweet: this is the biggest and the boldest step by the government for containing black money.
the boast harked back to modi's election vow to recover black money from abroad that had resonated with voters fed up with the corruption scandals that plagued the last congress government.
yet in office, he struggled to keep his promise.
over more than a year, modi commissioned research from officials at the finance ministry, the central bank and think-tanks on how to advance his fight against black money, a close aide said.
he demanded answers to questions such as: how quickly india could print new banknotes; how to distribute them; would state banks benefit if they received a rush of new deposits; and who would gain from demonetisation?
the topics were broken up to prevent anyone from joining the dots and concluding that a cash swap was in the offing.
we didn't want to let the cat out of the bag, said a senior official directly involved.
had people got a whiff of the decision, the whole exercise would have been meaningless.
under adhia's oversight, the team of researchers assembled and modeled the findings in what was, for it, a theoretical exercise.
it was made up of young experts in data and financial analysis; some ran modi's social media accounts and a smartphone app that he used to solicit public feedback.
yet for all the planning, modi and adhia knew they could not foresee every eventuality, and were willing to move swiftly.
the announcement caused chaos, with huge queues forming at banks when they reopened after a short holiday.
new 2,000 rupee notes were hard to come by and barely any new 500 rupee notes had been printed.
india's 200,000 cash dispensers could not handle the new, smaller, notes and it would take weeks to reconfigure them.
filling atms with the 8 trillion rupees ($117 billion) in new banknotes that the finance ministry reckons are needed to restore liquidity to the economy is even trickier.
in a best-case scenario, in which india's four banknote presses churned out new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes designed to replace the abolished ones, it would take at least three months to hit that target.
secrecy paramountsecrecy was paramount, but clues had been left.
back in april, analysts at state bank of india said that demonetisation of large-denomination notes was possible.
the reserve bank of india, the central bank, also disclosed in may that it was making preparations for a new series of banknotes that were confirmed in august when it announced it had approved a design for a new 2,000 rupee note.
the printing presses had only just started turning when the media finally started to run with the story in late october.
the plan was to introduce it around nov.
18, but there was a clear sign that it could get leaked, said one person with direct knowledge who, like others interviewed by reuters, asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.
some officials in the finance ministry had expressed doubts about scrapping high-value notes when the idea came up for discussion.
they now feel resentment at the secrecy in which adhia rammed through the plan on modi's orders.
they also say the plan was flawed because of a failure to ramp up printing of new notes ahead of time.
other critics say the adhia team fell prey to a form of group think that ignored outside advice.
in the words of one former top official who has worked at the finance ministry and central bank: they don't know what's happening in the real world.
by aninew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley is set to launch a centralised general provident fund (gpf) module on thursday on the occasion of 42nd civil accounts day.
the centralised gpf module meets a long-standing demand of the central government employees for a mapping of gpf accounts with the unique employee id thereby facilitating online application for gpf advances and withdrawals with online access to the employees current gpf balances, tweeted the ministry of finance.
a notification released by the ministry of finance stated that the module will streamline gpf accounting and transfer of balances.
the electronic pension payment order (eppo) includes integration of the bhavishya application of department of pension and pensioners welfare and the pension authorization retrieval and accounting system (paras) application of central pension accounting office (cpao) with public financial management system (pfms) for seamless processing of pension cases thereby eliminating delays and errors.
previously, the finance minister launched the mandatory use of pfms for central sector schemes monitoring (oct 2015), the non tax receipts portal (ntrp) (feb 2016) and the web responsive pensioners service of the central pension accounting office (cpao) (september 2016).
manish anand byexpress news servicenew delhi: amid intense speculation on the position of arunjaitley in the union cabinet in view of his ill health, the outgoing finance minister on wednesday wrote to prime minister-elect narendra modi saying he wanted to opt out.
later in the day, modi called on him, triggering a fresh buzz on his offering arunjaitley a ministerial berth without portfolio.
.
.
.
i would in future, for some time, like to keep away from any responsibility.
this will enable me to concentrate on my health and treatment, jaitelys letter read.
while the names of outside experts, including those of former rbi governor bimal jalan and niti aayogs first vice-chairman arvind panagariya, figured in the wild guesses of a few, most bjp leaders maintained that the finance portfolio ought to be held by a political person for wider people connect.
with indications that modi would leave three key ministers  sushma swaraj, rajnath singh and nitin gadkari  undisturbed, sources indicated that shah may get finance.
for the position of lok sabha speaker, the names of santosh gangwar, s s ahluwalia, thawar chand gehlot and narendra singh tomar are doing the rounds.
since the past four days, shah has held a number of parleys with modi on government formation.
shah met bihar chief minister nitish kumar in the day amidst indications that the jd(u) would be joining the council of ministers with at least three berths, including one of cabinet rank.
the lok jan shakti party (ljp) and shiromani akali dal (sad) made it clear that ram vilas paswan and harsimrat kaur would be their respective nominees in the cabinet.
also read | rbi governor shaktikanta das meets outgoing finance minister arunjaitley shiv sena and aiadmk are likely to bag three and two berths, respectively, sources said.
jd(u)s munger mp rajiv ranjan singh, who was a minister in bihar but resigned a couple of days ago, and rajya sabha member t c p singh, considered close to nitish, are on the list of probables.
also read | nda's victory miraculous win; people rejected royalties, dynasties: finance minister arun jaitleyanother point of interest will be the portfolios of giantkillers like smriti irani, who trounced congress president rahul gandhi in amethi, and k p yadav, who defeated congress general secretary jyotiraditya scindia in guna.
the bjps west bengal push and its mission south are also likely to be reflected in the new government, with kerala hoping to get three berths.
sena may get three berthswithin shiv sena, rajya sabha mp anil desai and ratnagiri-sindhudurg mp vinayak raut are the frontrunners.
the names of pratamsinh jadhav and bhavna gavli, too, are doing the rounds.
new delhi: government think-tank niti aayog wants the railways to prepare a plan similar to pradhan mantri gramin sadak yojana (pmgsy) and national highways development programme (nhdp) to link districts which are not on rail map.
we need schemes like nhdp, pmgsy in railways also.
even today, some parts of north east and odisha are not connected by rail network, a senior government official said.
niti aayog will be suggesting to railways to come up with a project report on the lines of pmgsy and nhdp.
we would like to make this a national priority.
all the districts of india should be on railway map, he added.
the official said that the niti aayog is in favour of segregating the tasks of laying railway tracks and connecting districts which are not on the rail map as an entirely different programme outside the current allocations.
the official also suggested that the railways should work on increasing passenger traffic and compete with airlines to offer comfortable journeys to high value passengers at competitive rates.
he said that the railways' passenger growth has remained stagnant which doesn't augur well for the organisation.
pmgsy was envisaged during the atal bihari vajpayee-led nda government in 2000.
nhdp, on the other hand, is the road ministry's flagship road building programme.
terming railways, roads and rivers as the lifeline of the country, finance minister arunjaitley , while presenting the budget, had said, total allocation for infrastructure stands at a record level of rs 3,96,135 crore in 2017-18.
new delhi: the prime minister narendra modi on tuesday told the parliamentary board meeting of the bjp that the decision on demonetization is just the beginning of a long battle against black money and corruption.
the parliamentary board of the bjp in a resolution endorsed the prime ministers crusade against black money and corruption.
the prime minister during his first speech to the bjp mps in the ongoing winter session of parliament got emotional, saying that his decisions are not for personal gains but for benefit of the people.
the bjp leaders afterwards explained that the prime minister had been peeved at personal attacks by the mps of the lok sabha and rajya sabha in the parliament on the agitation against demonetization.
we have come to power not for personal benefits or toi benefit those who we know, but for the poor.
the common men suffered for 70 years on account of black money, corruption and terrorism, modi said.
the prime minister also stated that his government would not waver from the path to eliminate black money.
he recalled that the government had also taken a few measures, including setting up of a sit on black money and income disclosure scheme, 2016.
demonetisation is not the end but beginning of a long, deep and constant battle against black money and corruption.
it will benefit the poor and the common man.
the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money, counterfeit currency and corruption, said modi.
the bjp mps gave standing ovation to the prime minister, while slogans were reportedly raised to hail the decision on demonetization.
modi stated that the economy would come out much stronger after the implementation of the decision on demonetisation.
by express news servicenew delhi: bjp president amit shah on sunday announced setting up of 17 groups to prepare for the upcoming lok sabha elections.
union home minister rajnath singh will head the partys manifesto committee while finance minister arunjaitley will be in-charge of the eight-member publicity wing that also have piyush goyal, rajyavardhan singh rathore, mahesh sharma and rajeev chandrasekhar.
jaitley will also be a member of the 20-member committee tasked with preparing the partys sankalp patra (manifesto).
the other names in the team include nirmala sitharaman, thavarchand gehlot, ravi shankar prasad, piyush goyal, mukhtar abbas naqvi, k j alphons, kiren rijiju, shivraj singh chouhan, keshav prasad maurya, sushil modi, bhupender yadav, ram madhav, narayan rane and arjun munda.
nitin gadkari will head a 17-member committee to reach out to social and volunteer organisations while sushma swaraj will head the group that will produce literature for the polls.
prasad will head the partys media group with all the partys national spokespersons being its part.
hrd minister prakash javadekar will lead the wing that will organise meetings of intellectuals.
shyam jaju and amit malviya are in the 13-member social media committee.
shah also announced committees to deal with transportation, distribution of literature, pms radio show mann ki baat and bike rally.
new delhi: as part of its policy to provide greater ease of doing business by simplifying procedures and to make india an attractive investment destination, the government has approved the phasing out of the foreign investment promotion board (fipb).
the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, cleared a proposal to this effect on wednesday.
currently, only 11 sectors, including defence and retail trading, require government approval for fdi.
foreign investment proposals which do not require the approval of the government will continue to be processed under the automatic route.
according to arunjaitley , bulk of the fdi proposals will come under the automatic route.
foreign investors will find india a more attractive destination and this will result in more inflow of fdi.
the move will provide ease of doing business and will help in promoting the principle of maximum governance and minimum government, a government release said.
the intent to abolish fipb was first announced by the finance minister in his budget speech on february 1.
in fy17, the fdi inflow into india was $43.
48 billion in 2016-17.
fipb, which has been vetting fdi proposals under the government approval route for the past 25 years, was set up as an inter-ministerial body under the department of economic affairs, ministry of finance, comprising various secretaries of government of india who give recommendation on fdi applications.
it was constituted under the prime ministers office following economic liberalisation in the early 1990s.
by express news serviceturning down suggestions from a section of industry that privatisation is the best response to save public-sector banks drown in scams and debt, finance minister arunjaitley clarified on saturday that the government had no immediate plans for the same.
he also slammed the lack of ethics among companies and the lackadaisical attitude of bank managements as well as supervisory bodies including auditors and regulators, which provided a fertile ground for fraudsters to thrive.
the fm stated the government will walk the extra mile to bring all perpetrators of the multi-crore pnb scam to book, even if it means tightening the law further.
those who deviate from that cause must always remember that the consequences will not only be commercial and civil.
this (privatisation) involves a large political consensus.
also, that involves an amendment to the law (banking regulation act).
my impression is that indian political opinion may not find favour with this idea itself.
it is a very challenging decision, he noted.
ficci president rashesh shah, the latest to join the list of industrialists batting for privatisation of psbs, said on friday that he met the fm and asked the latter to begin the process of bank privatisation in a phased manner, leaving only two or three banks in the public sector.
earlier, industry body assocham had urged the government to reduce its stake in public sector banks to less than 50 per cent so that theycan work with the sense of accountability and with the interest of stakeholders and depositors on priority.
among the industrialists who supported bank privatisation is adi godrej of godrej group, who said the move would be good for the country as there are less or no frauds at private banks.
rahul bajaj of bajaj group, too, pitched for bank privatisation.
regulators must have a third eyefinance minister arunjaitley on saturday slammed regulators for failing to detect the h11,400-crore fraud at punjab national bank for seven long years, saying unlike politicians, regulators in the indian system are unaccountable.
speaking on the scam for the second time this week, he said employees conniving with fraudsters is worrisome.
also worrisome is that no red flag was raised.
regulators should have a third eye open to detect and check such frauds.
new delhi: congress today latched on to a cag report to target prime minister narendra modi and several union ministers, accusing them of blatantly lying on the issue of saving in lpg subsidy.
party spokesman jairam ramesh told reporters that the cag report submitted last week has showed that the saving in lpg subsidy due to the government's pahal scheme was a mere rs 1,764 crore.
this was at variance with the claims of the prime minister as also finance minister arunjaitley , petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and chief economic advisor arvind subramanian, he said.
this showed how the government has lied blatantly.
it is but just one example of the modi government's constant stream of falsehoods and misrepresentations, ramesh alleged.
finance minister arunjaitley tabling the union budget 2017-18 in the parliament in new delhi on wednesday.
| ptinew delhi: union budget 2017-18 shows india's commitment to improve fiscal performance but heavy debt burden and weak public finances remain key rating constraints, s&p global ratings said today.
finance minister arunjaitley presented the budget for next fiscal in parliament yesterday in which he planned to cut fiscal deficit to 3.
2 per cent and 3 per cent of gdp for next financial year and 2018-19 respectively.
the deficit in the current fiscal is estimated to be 3.
5 per cent of gdp.
india's 2017-2018 budget illustrates the government's commitment to improving its fiscal performance over the medium term, despite the hit to near-term growth from the demonetisation initiative, s&p said.
jaitley in his budget speech has said the fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) review committee has favoured lowering government's debt to gdp ratio to 60 per cent by 2023.
currently, the ratio stands at 68.
5 per cent.
s&p said if the government's reforms markedly improve its general government fiscal out-turns so that this ratio falls below 60 per cent, positive upward pressure on india's sovereign ratings may build.
at the same time, we continue to see india's overall heavy burden and weak public finances as key rating constraints, the us-based rating agency said.
in november s&p had ruled out any upgrade in india's sovereign rating through 2017 saying it wants to see more efforts to lower government debt to below 60 per cent of gdp and that it did not expect revenues to rise enough to meaningfully lower the deficit over the medium term.
it maintained the lowest investment grade rating of 'bbb-' with a 'stable' outlook.
by ptinew delhi: the congress said it was deeply saddened to hear about the passing away of former finance minister arunjaitley , who died at aiims on saturday.
we are deeply saddened to hear the passing of shri arun jaitley.
our condolences to his family.
our thoughts and prayers are with them in this time of grief, the party said on its twitter handle.
rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot said, deeply saddened to know of the untimely demise of former union minister and senior bjp leader, sh arun jaitley.
my heartfelt condolences to his family members.
may god give them strength.
may his soul rest in peace (sic).
jaitley was admitted to aiims on august 9.
he breathed his last at 12.
07 pm.
jonathan ananda byexpress news servicenew delhi: the weeks leading up to the tabling of the union budget were rife with speculation as to how the government would deal with the prospect of rising global crude oil prices.
would it seek to keep inflation under control in an electorally significant year, increasing subsidies or cutting taxes, thereby reducing its already constrained spending room?
a perusal of the budgeted revenue receipts and expenditure, however, indicate that finance minister arunjaitley has opted to play it by the ear -- leaving both subsidy provisions and taxation largely unchanged.
while lpg subsidy allocations have been raised to account for the substantial increase in lpg consumers (from rs 16,076.
13 crore in the 2017-18 budget to rs 20,377.
80 crore for 2018-19), kerosene subsidy allocations have been slashed -- from rs 8,923.
87 crore to rs 4,555 crore.
the result is that the overall provision for oil and gas-related subsidies remain little changed -- at rs 24,932.
80 crore compared to rs 25,000 crore earlier.
tax levels on petrol and diesel have also been left static, with some re-jigging of the duty structure.
jaitley has cut excise duties on petrol and diesel by rs 2 and abolished an additional excise duty of rs 6, but simultaneously introduced a new road cess of rs 8  leaving effective taxation the same.
in effect, economists say that the budget has refrained from pegging an average rate for 2018-19, assuming constant crude oil price at current.
they have not made any allowance that they might have to cut taxes because prices are going up, pointed out madan sabnavis, chief economist, care ratings.
the move has given the government more flexibility, according to jaijit bhattacharya, economic, regulatory and policy advisory, kpmg india.
they are indicating that they are open to increasing fuel rates.
but, it all depends on how much it increases.
.
.
it might be politically expedient for them to cut taxes.
sabnavis also believes that the government might not be as worried about letting fuel rates rise, as long as headline inflation remains under control.
however, if it gets to around 6 or 7 per cent primarily because of rising crude oil rates, they might decide to intervene, he said.
but, the most recent price forecasts do not signal much hope that interventions might be unnecessary.
on thursday, goldman sachs revised its price forecast by a third, estimating brent will reach $75 a barrel over the next three months and will climb to $82.
50 within six months.
with retail inflation breaching a 17-month high in december (5.
21 ), an intervention to rein in retail fuel prices might become necessary.
by ptinew delhi: brushing aside criticism of the newly announced mega healthcare scheme, niti aayog vicechairman rajiv kumar has said it is a game changer and revenue from the 1 per cent additional cess would be enough to meet the funding needs.
this scheme is game changer, kumar told pti as he regretted that a completely baseless and false propaganda is being spread against the ambitious scheme of the modi government.
former finance minister and senior congress leader p chidambaram has termed the proposal as a jumla with no money provided in the budget for it.
on funding of the scheme envisaging to cover about 50 crore people, the niti aayog vice-chairman said the allocation for the health sector has been raised by rs 6,000 crore.
moreover, there is an existing facility of rs 2,000 crore for the ongoing rsby scheme.
the government has provided further financial space to the health ministry by establishing an alternate mechanism higher education financing agency (hefa) for funding capex needs of the health education project.
and in addition, the one per cent extra education and health cess proposed by arunjaitley in the budget will annually yield rs 11,000 crore.
all these combined would be more than adequate to meet the financing needs of welfare programme.
the centre and the state governments, kumar added, will only have to bear the insurance premium which was likely to be very moderate.
it will benefit from bulk procurement and competition.
like all central schemes it will have 60-40 ratio.
those states which want to join join the scheme will contribute 40 per cent.
north east states will pay 10 per cent, he added.
many experts have questioned the ability of the government to fund such as ambitious scheme and also the availability of infrastructure to provide medical facilities for a large number of people across the country.
on the infrastructure for health services providers, kumar said the scheme will encourage private sector enterprises that will come up rapidly.
the bottom line is that financial resources will not be allowed to be a constraint on this game changing scheme, he insisted.
according to senior niti aayog officials, the mega healthcare scheme will cost up to rs 12,000 crore annually and it is likely to be launched either on august 15 or october 2.
all poor people identified by the socio economic and caste census 2011 will be eligible for the scheme.
it will be linked to aadhaar but will not be a mandatory condition for availing the benefit.
by ptilondon: describing india as britain's closest partner, a senior british foreign and commonwealth official on wednesday said the bilateral relations between the two nations are in good health.
the official, who does not want to be named, said a number of senior uk ministers will also participate in the three-day raisina dialogue, which started from january 8.
the dialogue is india's flagship conference of geopolitics and geo-economics and annually attracts high-level participants from all over the world.
the theme for the 2019 edition of the conference is a world reorder: new geometries, fluid partnerships, uncertain outcomes.
india is britain's closest partner, the official said, adding, bilateral relations between uk and india is in good health.
without specifying the exact figures, he said there has been a 20 per cent increase in indian students studying in the uk last year.
similarly, there has been a 10 per cent increase in indian tourists in britain last year and a big increase in the number of skilled workers coming to the uk.
the official also said finance minister arunjaitley and defence minister nirmala sitharaman are expected to visit london for talks with their uk counterparts.
he said a uk home office team will visit india to discuss a number of issues, including terrorists' use of the internet.
both sides are currently in talks on the issue of illegal migrants from india, which number many tens of thousands, he added.
the official said the british mission in india is the largest in the world and new staffs would be posted in british high commission in new delhi and its offices in chennai, bengaluru, hyderabad and ahmedabad.
the uk will also set up a new tech hub in delhi, he said.
by ptinew delhi: child and maternal malnutrition continue to be the most challenging risk factor for health loss in india, the economic survey said today.
it listed air pollution, dietary risks, high blood pressure and diabetes as other key health risk factors facing the country.
the survey noted however that there has been significant improvement in the health status of the individual as life expectancy at birth has increased by approximately 10 years from 1990 to 2015.
limited affordability and access to quality medical services are however among the major challenges contributing to delayed or inappropriate responses to disease control and patient management, said the economic survey for 2017-18, tabled in parliament by finance minister arun jaitley.
the share of out of pocket expenditure (oope) on health stands at a staggering 62 per cent and adversely impacts the poorer sections and widens inequalities, it said.
while the expenditure by the government healthcare providers accounted for about 23 per cent of the current health expenditure (che) as per national health accounts 2014 -15, the share of private hospitals and clinics stood at 31 per cent.
the findings of household health expenditure survey in india indicate that about 10 per cent of oope on health was spent by households on diagnostics (including medicines and diagnostic test as part of package) during 2013-14, the survey said.
there is a wide difference in average prices of diagnostic tests across various cities in india, and the range in the prices is substantial, it noted.
there is a need to prioritise standardisation of rates by devising appropriate quality assurance framework and regulatory mechanism, it added.
the survey said that although the government has already enacted clinical establishments (registration and regulation) act, 2010 and notified the clinical establishments (central government) rules, 2012 to regulate the clinical establishments across the country, presently, the act is applicable in 10 states/uts, which needs to be taken up by remaining states while ensuring strict compliance as well.
bengaluru: the h1b visa concerns plaguing the it sector today, have been conveyed to the officials concerned in the u.s. india is not stealing jobs in the united states but creating them, said union minister ravishankar prasad on saturday.
prasad was speaking to reporters in the sidelines of an interactive meeting with it /esdm industry in the city.
finance minister arunjaitley in washington met the commerce secretary of the us and had conveyed the concerns surrounding the developments on h1b visa regulations.
the it sector was under stress because of what was happening in the us.
the sector is based on reciprocity.
mncs are getting copyrights patents because of indian minds.
it is a two-way street.
the success of make in america is based on the r&d centres in bengaluru and india, he said.
indian it companies had paid usd 22 billion as tax revenue in the last five years and created 400,000 jobs there, giving value and competitive edge to two-thirds of the fortune 500 companies, prasad said lauding their contribution.
responding to a query on apple setting up its unit in india, he said the us-based iphone would be meeting him very soon.
india is a huge market and make in india should facilitated manufacturing in india and exporting it outside, he said.
by ptinew delhi: a resurgent congress tuesday made significant gains in the assembly elections, dealing a body blow to the bjp in chhattisgarh and rajasthan and was locked in a cliffhanger in madhya pradesh.
the reverses for the bjp in the hindi heartland threw wide open the 2019 lok sabha elections which until a few months ago appeared to be in the grip of prime minister narendra modi's party.
also read | madhya pradesh election results live updates: congress seeks governor's appointmentthe assembly polls held for five states also saw the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) recording a landslide win for a second consecutive term and the mizo national front (mnf) scripting a spectacular victory dislodging the congress in its last bastion in the northeast to return to power after 10 years.
buoyed by the congress' good showing in the polls that was dubbed as a semi-final for the 2019 general elections, party president rahul gandhi said the outcome is a clear message to the modi government that people are not happy with it and time has come for a change.
watch | analysis of telangana, mp, rajasthan and mizoram outcomesprime minister narendra modi got a massive mandate but refused to listen to heartbeat of the country, gandhi told reporters.
with congress set to form governments in chhattisgarh and rajasthan and locked in a close fight in madhya pradesh, gandhi said the selection of chief ministers in the three states will be done smoothly.
also read | chhattisgarh election results highlightswe have defeated the bjp in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
there will be no issue over (selection of) chief minister.
it will be done smoothly.
modi congratulated the congress, the trs and the mnf for their victories and said the bjp accepts people's mandate with humility.
victory and defeat are an integral part of life.
today's results will further our resolve to serve people and work even harder for the development of india, he said.
also read | telangana election results highlightsin a shock result, the congress ended chief minister raman singh's uninterrupted 15-year rule in chhattisgarh.
it won 22 and was leading in 46 in the 90-member house while the bjp was relegated to a distant second spot winning 3 and ahead in 13, according to latest trends available with the election commission.
raman singh submitted his resignation to governor anandiben patel and said he accepts responsibility for bjp's poor showing.
also read | mizoram election results highlightsrajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje too handed over her resignation to governor kalyan singh in jaipur.
the congress was heading towards majority in the desert state, winning 87 seats and leading in another 12 out of 199 seats.
the bjp had 72 seats in its kitty and was ahead in one.
as voting trends and results slowly trickled, the congress, which had just 58 seats in the outgoing assembly in madhya pradesh, was set to cross the 100 mark in a house of 230.
the congress was winning or leading in 113 seats while for the bjp this was 110.
also read | rajasthan election results highlightsaccording to election commission data, both the bjp and the congress had around 41.
2 per cent votes each.
three-time chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, who was battling anti-incumbency, won the budhni seat but a dozen ministers were trailing behind congress candidates.
senior congress leader jyotiraditya scindia said the trends reflected people's desire for a change in madhya pradesh while state congress chief kamal nath exuded confidence they will form the government in the state.
trends show congress marching ahead to victory in rajasthan, mp and chhattisgarh.
we are confident the trend will continue across the country, congress leader sachin pilot said in jaipur.
in chhattisgarh, the janata congress chhattisgarh (j) of former chief minister ajit jogi was ahead in five seats while the cpi and the gondwana gantantra party and the cpi (m) were leading in one seat each.
the trends in the desert state of rajasthan, showed the congress is inching towards the magic mark of 100, winning 22 and leading in 78.
the outcome reflected the 20-year revolving door trend of voters in choosing the bjp and the congress alternately.
the ruling bjp won 15 and leading in 58 of the 199 seats which went to polls.
the bjp and the congress had 163 and 21 seats in the outgoing house.
independents won three and were leading in nine.
rajasthan has a 200-member assembly but polling in alwar's ramgarh constituency was postponed following the death of the bsp candidate there.
the congress will hold its legislature party meeting in jaipur to decide on who will be the chief minister.
former chief minister ashok gehlot and pilot are frontrunners for the top post.
the trs is set to form its second successive government in telangana where it won a simple majority and is heading for a landslide with its candidates clinching 79 seats and leading in 9 in the 119-member house in a resounding endorsement of its chief k chandrasekhar rao's popularity.
rao himself won by a margin of over 51,000 votes from his gajwel seat, trouncing congress's v pratap reddy.
rao's son k t rama rao and nephew t harish rao, both ministers in his caretaker government, also won.
the congress clinched 18 seats and is leading in one.
its ally tdp won two seats.
rao told reporters that telangana proved to be a non-congress, non-bjp state and that the trs will play a crucial role in national politics.
rao dissolved the assembly in september, eight months ahead of schedule, in a political gamble that paid off handsomely.
the mizo national front(mnf) got a simple majority bagging 26 of the 40 seats at stake dislodging the congress which bagged five.
by ptinew delhi: a belligerent congress monday again sought to raise the issue of alleged scam in the rafale deal in the lok sabha, inviting a sharp reaction from the government that the opposition should not run away from a debate on the issue.
congress members have been raising the matter since the start of the winter session of parliament on december 11, demanding a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe into the rafale deal.
during the zero hour, party members trooped into the well displaying placards and shouting slogans on the issue.
raising the matter, senior congress leader mallikarjun kharge alleged there has been a scam in the deal and asked why the government was not disclosing the price of jets.
he also demanded a jpc probe amid loud protests from bjp members.
in response, home minister rajnath singh said repeating the same lie again and again would not make it a truth.
the government is ready for discussion on the matter but why is the congress running way, the minister asked.
upa chairperson sonia gandhi was present in the house.
the opposition has also been raising the issue outside parliament.
at 2.
00 pm, when the house was to take up discussion on supplementary demands for grants, kharge once again demanded a jpc to probe the rafale deal.
kharge, he said, was running away from discussion.
bengaluru: higher education minister basavaraja rayareddy called on union finance minister arunjaitley in new delhi on tuesday and submitted a memorandum to extend income tax exemption to visvesvaraya technological university (vtu), belagavi.
recently the supreme court had stated that vtu was not eligible for exemption under section 10 (23c)(iiiab) of the income tax act.
for claiming exemption, the educational institution or the university must be solely for the purpose of education and without any profit motive, the court had said.
over `400 crore of vtus money is seized with the i-t department.
vtu is trying hard to get it exemption and get the money released.
by reutersnew delhi: india is planning to cut taxes on travel and tourism in next month's federal budget and give more incentives to the $210 billion sector, government sources said, hoping to boost economic growth and create more jobs.
the move could add to a domestic tourism boom in the world's second most populous nation, where low inflation and rising incomes are changing lifestyles and consumption patterns of an estimated 250 million middle-class indians.
with scores of destinations introduced on airline routes last year, air travel is also surging.
india's tourism sector grew over 10 percent in the six months ending september, compared to near 8 percent in the year-ago period.
according to an industry report, tourism employs 40 million people in india and could add 10 million jobs in a decade.
we'll announce measures in the budget to promote investment in the tourism sector, a top finance ministry official told reuters, adding that finance minister arunjaitley favours lowering a 28 percent tax on hotel tariffs, and offering incentives to attract private investments.
if the moves come about, companies expected to benefit include airlines like indigo, owned by interglobe aviation, and jet airways and hotel operators such as indian hotels, that owns the taj mahal chain and eih ltd that operates the oberoi hotels in india.
tour operators including cox & kings and thomas cook are also likely to gain.
in india tourists, on average, pay 30 percent tax on hotel rooms and travel compared with less than 10 percent in singapore, thailand and indonesia, said pronab sarkar, president of the indian association of tour operators (iato).
another government official said the budget was likely to significantly raise allocations for tourism infrastructure and raise income tax exemptions on investments in new hotels.
a third official, who is aware of the finance ministry's pre-budget consultations with industry groups, said arunjaitley was expected to lower income tax on corporate profit, offer tax incentives on hotel construction, allocate more funds for new tourist trains and building roads to tourist destinations.
the government will offer incentives to more regional airlines this year to cover new, under-served airports, the official added.
all three officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, declined to provide numbers or share further details.
cheaper flightsindia needs about 200,000 new hotel rooms, tourism minister k.j. alphons told parliament this week.
we have reached a plateau point and need more resources to create new infrastructure and develop tourist packages, alphons later told reuters, adding there was huge potential in developing areas that were not the usual tourist destinations.
prime minister narendra modi has said developing tourism, particularly in india's remote north-eastern states, is one of his top priorities.
hotel occupancy levels in india are at their highest levels since 2008, even though many hotel chains have raised prices.
the need for rooms has been spotted by foreign investors with japan's softbank group backing start-ups like oyo rooms, which has emerged as the largest aggregator of budget accommodation across the country with hotels in over 200 destinations.
one major driver of the domestic tourism boom has been the launch in 2017 of five regional budget airlines on over 100 routes, which are given incentives by the government to offer cut-price flights to uncovered and remote areas, encouraging thousands of families to explore flying for the first time.
domestic airlines carried 10.
6 million passengers in the first eleven months of 2017, up 17 percent from the year-ago period - encouraging some established players like spicejet, jet airways and vistara, a joint venture between the tata group and singapore airlines, to start flights to new locations.
online playerstour operators said double-digit hikes in urban wages, coupled with an over 25 percent rise in the benchmark sensex index last year, have contributed to the domestic tourism boom.
at the same time over 9 million foreigners visited india in the first 11 months of 2017, up 15.
6 percent from a year ago.
domestic tourists, who account for 88 percent of the sector, are increasingly using online portals for hotel and travel bookings.
travel portal makemytrip reported a 186 percent jump in hotel bookings during the september quarter and its holiday package segment that includes hotel and flight bookings, saw a 71 percent increase in revenues over the same period.
online operators say tourism could emerge as the new engine of growth after the it sector but that it needs government support.
the government must lower the tax burden, ease rules and build infrastructure if it wants to ensure 15-20 percent annual growth in tourism in coming years, said sarkar of iato.
manish anand byexpress news servicenew delhi: farm distress is a reality but it cant be addressed by merely increasing the minimum support price (msp) for crops, according to the niti aayog.
a better way would be to auction the farm produce at mandis using a minimum reserve price (mrp), says the think tanks strategy document titled new india@75.
the document argues the mrp can be the starting point for auctions at mandis and it will fetch better price for the farmer.
the think-tank has also suggested replacing the commission for agricultural costs & prices (cacp), which was recommending msps, with an agriculture tribunal.
the report comes at a time when agrarian distress has become a politically potent issue with state governments vying with each other to write off agriculture loans, ignoring the fiscal implications.
on wednesday, rajasthan became the latest state to waive farm loans.
the scheme, which offers to write off up to 2 lakh, will set the exchequer back by 18,000 crore.
read | former niti aayog vice chairman panagariya flays politics of farm loan waiversearly this month, a farmer in nashik had to sell his produce of 750 kg of onion for a paltry sum of 1,064.
the farmer sent the entire amount to the prime minister as a mark of protest.
the niti aayog strategy paper, released here on wednesday by finance minister arunjaitley , calls for annual nine per cent gdp growth to create sufficient jobs and achieve prosperity for all.
finance minister arunjaitley sought to distinguish between slogans and sound policies.
in a veiled reference to the congress president rahul gandhis stress on farm loan waiver and unemployment, jaitely said slogans are soon found out, while sound economic policies deliver in the long run.
the document mooted various measures to create jobs and pep up the economy.
four key steps -- increase the investment rate as measured by gross fixed capital formation (gfcf) from present 29 per cent to 36 per cent of gdp by 2022; about half of this increase must come from public investment which is slated to increase from 4 per cent to 7 per cent of gdp; government savings have to move into positive territory, requiring significantly higher resource mobilization efforts - will help achieve 9 per cent gdp growth, the document said.
by iansnew delhi: the performance of the banking sector in general and those in the public sector in particular continued to be subdued in the current fiscal, the economic survey 2017-18 said on monday.
according to the survey, tabled in parliament by finance minister arunjaitley , significant progress has been made for the corporate insolvency resolution process (cirp) to enable banks to realise their dues.
the survey states that 525 companies have been admitted under cirp and the total underlying default is rs 128,810 crore.
according to the survey, the gross non-performing advances (gnpa) ratio of scheduled commercial banks (scbs) increased from 9.
6 per cent to 10.
2 per cent between march 2017 and september 2017, whereas, their restructured standard advances (rsa) ratio declined from 2.
5 per cent to 2 per cent.
the stressed advances (sa) ratio rose marginally from 12.
1 per cent to 12.
2 per cent during the same period.
click here for budget session 2018 updatesthe gnpa ratio of public sector banks increased from 12.
5 per cent to 13.
5 per cent between march and september 2017.
stressed advances ratio of public sector banks rose from 15.
6 per cent to 16.
2 per cent during the period.
as regards the credit growth, the survey finds that non-food credit (nfc) grew at 8.
85 per cent y-o-y in november 2017 as compared to 4.
75 per cent in november 2016.
bank lending to services and personal loan segments continue to be the major contributor to overall non-food credit growth.
credit growth finally picked up in industrial sector after remaining persistently negative from october 2016 to october 2017.
however, growth of credit to medium scale industries has remained negative since june 2015, the survey states.
thiruvananthapuram: the demonetisation drive is as part of the union governments attempt to destroy regional production and banking sectors for multinationals, alleged cpm veteran and administrative reforms commission chairman v s achuthanandan here on wednesday.
the tughlak model decision which has brought economic production to a standstill cannot be termed as an innocent move, he added.
the prime minister has said that he would bring back black money within 100 days.
all citizens have opened accounts.
if it was zero balance accounts till yesterday, now these accounts have money.
its not the black money unearthed by modi.
the pm has asked for 50 days to know whether the administration would have control over black money or not, vs said.
the prime minister should not have supported attempts to destroy the primary cooperative banks, achuthanandan said.
but later the centre decided not to permit institutions, including district cooperative banks, to accept these currencies, he pointed out.
in these 50 days, prime minister narendra modi is taking india at least 15 years backwards, the cpm veteran said and demanded that the centre should allow the use of scrapped denominations for all kinds of transactions till alternative arrangements are fully in place.
instead of doing that, the centre is taking it as an ego issue and pushing the economy to further trouble.
but it will have to face severe opposition, vs warned.
achuthanandan alleged that the bjp government at the centre was trying to destroy the regional banking sector, labour, health, education and production sectors for the multinationals.
he alleged that evidence is coming out that the demonetisation drive - planned by prime minister narendra modi, finance minister arunjaitley and the rbi governor - was known to others earlier itself.
if the effort was to unearth black money, it should have been carried out without putting the common man into difficulties.
new delhi: highlighting the steps taken by ministry of law and justice during the three years after coming into power, law minister ravi shankar prasad said all necessary steps have been taken to make judiciary accessible for everyone.
hailing prime minister narendra modi, prasad said, our government perform, reform and transform.
since the time we came to power, we have done many positive steps for the improvement of the judiciary.
despite our reservations in the national judicial appointments commission (njac), we did not stop the appointments process and will continue doing the same.
the strength of high court judges increased from 906 in may 2014 to 1079 in may 2017 which is an increase of 173 posts.
on the question of mop (memorandum of procedure) prasad said, there is more working required in finalising the mop.
but we need greater scrutiny in judges appointments (while referring to retired calcutta high court justice c s karnan).
appreciating the role of senior advocate harish salve at the international court of justice, prasad said, he has done excellent work for india in the kulbhushan jadhav case.
not only me but finance minister arunjaitley , mea minister sushma swaraj and pmo agreed on having salve our representation.
on the question of issuing notification of cattle ban, prasad said, our govt doesn't want to control people's food habit but its a reality large section of indian population reverse cow.
the notification has other intentions but we will review after taking account of all stakeholders.
we have taken note of the attorney general mukul rohtagi resignation and will take a decision at the right time, he has cited personal reasons for not continuing with the post, prasad said on ag's letter to relieve him from post.
he also informed that legislative department has approved election commission's proposal for procuring 16,15,000 vvpat machines for 2019 general election.
i will convene the conference of all chief justices of high courts to expedite the hearing of cases pending for more than 10 years, said prasad.
on national litigation policy, prasad said, law commission has given its report, we are examining the same.
anuradha shukla byexpress news servicenew delhi: in the aftermath of the rs 11,400-crore punjab national bank (pnb) fraud, the finance ministry is planning to create a national financial reporting authority, which will work as a regulatory body for accountants (cas) and audit firms with a power to penalise them for their misconduct.
the government is seriously concerned about the role of auditors in various cases.
there is a need to improve the standard for financial auditing.
so there is thinking on creating a centralised authority, which will regulate the auditors and will be invested with powers to penalise the erring auditors, said a senior finance ministry official.
according to ministry sources, this will supersede the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) and financial reporting review board (frrb) and the government is not happy with the role of both bodies in this scam.
the mood of the government became apparent when finance minister arunjaitley lashed out at auditors in his first reaction to the scam.
what were the auditors doing?
if both internal and external auditors have looked the other way and failed to detect, then i think ca professionals must introspect.
on their part, icai president naveen n d gupta had said that frrb has been advised to initiate suo motu review of punjab national bank and gitanjali gems, but the ministry feels the action was too little and too late.
the finance ministry is also of the opinion that the present provision of penalty of rs 1 lakh is too less.
also, under section 132, there is provision for suspending corrupt officials for a period of six months to 10 years, which is rarely excercised and this encourages auditors to look the other way.
both cas and auditing firms need to take their jobs very seriously.
so, the plan is to make penalty much higher and punishment stricter so that they are more accountable, the official added.
by express news servicenew delhi: even though rbi governor urjit patel ruled out any systematic risk due to stock market volatility on saturday, he warned that financial market regulators like the rbi and sebi need to be cognizant of the risk going forward.
so far neither globally nor in india have we felt that this bubble could lead to a very major problem.
however, as financial market regulators, both rbi and sebi need to be cognizant of the risk going forward, patel said.
referring to the recent downward slide in domestic and global stock markets, patel said, there has already been a correction, not only globally but in india, and therefore in a way it underscores how capital markets can change direction.
he was addressing the media along with finance minister arunjaitley and sebi chief ajay tyagi.
his concern was backed by tyagi, who added that volatility in the indian markets may continue for some time due to global reasons.
however, he added that there were no issues of concern for investors in terms of safety and security of the indian marketplace.
urjit patel also defended his policy stance of keeping the repo rate unchanged, stating that the decisions have been forward-looking rather than backward-looking.
however, he warned that the rbi needs to be prepared for the movement of crude oil prices either way.
in the mpc (monetary policy committee) resolution, we had put forth the downside risks and mitigating factors.
we had observed, that in recent days, oil prices had a two-way movement.
.
.
we need to be prepared for movements either way, patel said.
in june last year, patel pointed out, it was widely predicted that oil prices would not touch $40-$45 per barrel, and some of the advice based on that turned out to be wrong in a major way.
on credit growth, patel said that it was currently at 11 per cent and that there are indications of the pick-up in the credit growth in future.
fortis under sebi scannermarket regulator securities and exchange board of india (sebi) on saturday said it is examining related party transactions and alleged corporate governance lapses in fortis healthcare promoted by malvinder mohan singh and shivinder mohan singh, sebi chairman ajay tyagi said after a board meeting of the regulatory body.
we have also received a reference on religare.
it will be looked into, said tyagi.
religare enterprises ltd. is another firm promoted by the singh brothers and others.
finance minister arunjaitley gestures as he addresses a gathering during a seminar on 'income declaration scheme-2016' in ahmedabad, india, july 10, 2016.
they will meet again for two days from jan.
i am trying my best, he said when asked about the april roll out of the tax.
i am not going to bind myself with anything.
new delhi: against the backdrop of daily protests by ysr congress members in lok sabha over special status for andhra pradesh, congress today sought an assurance by prime minister narendra modi on the issue, which was rejected by the speaker.
on the sixth consecutive day, members of ysr congress trooped into the well raising slogans demanding special category status for andhra pradesh following the carving out of telangana state.
holding placards, they defied the speaker who continuously urged them to return to their seats and not display the banners.
as the house was taking up question hour, congress leader mallikarjun kharge said the ysr congress members are routinely raising the issue, thus disrupting the proceedings.
speaker sumitra mahajan agreed and said she too has been urging them to return to their seats as they are blocking the view of other members.
when kharge said the prime minister should come to the house and assure the agitating members as his predecessor manmohan singh had assured special category status for andhra pradesh.
but the speaker rejected the demand saying every now and then calling the prime minister was not necessary as finance minister arunjaitley has already made a statement on the issue.
since last monday, ysr congress members have been entering the well daily with placards and raising slogans demanding special status for their state.
in the first two days, members of tdp, an ally of the ruling nda too, were participating in the protest by holding placards and raising slogans from the aisles.
but thereafter, they stopped participating in the protest.
the election commission is all set to kick-start the process by which india will get its 13th presidenta titular position which over the years has acquired dimensions beyond the ceremonial, an aura that has emerged from in between what is stated in the black-and-white lines of the constitution.
by july 20, we will know who succeeds pranab mukherjee whose term ends on july 24.
though the cumulative vote value of the representatives of assemblies is a shade more than that of the mps, its the candidate of the ruling dispensation at the centre who invariably wins the race.
even when the syndicate was more powerful than indira gandhi, she managed to pull off a stunning victory for her candidate.
expect nothing to change there.
the nda may be slightly short of a clear majority of 50 per cent votes plus one in the electoral college, but many regional parties from the south seem inclined to back them.
this would help them cross the half-way mark easily.
nonetheless, the bjps move to set up a three-member committee, (comprising rajnath singh, arunjaitley and venkaiah naidu) to talk to all political parties to build a consensus is welcome.
no recent presidential poll has gone without a contest.
the only time a non-congress person held the office was when a p j abdul kalam was elected through a consensus of sorts.
without a majority, the atal bihari vajpayee dispensation had opted for an apolitical candidate and the congress too had to back the popular figure, which made the contest put up by the left candidate, captain lakshmi sehgal of ina fame, more of a token.
this time, the nda is in a comfortable position to pick up a candidate from its own fold, despite old ally shiv sena playing truant.
a contest looks inevitablea real one or a token, depending on who the candidates are.
a contest, even for the highest office, implies a certain lack of harmony.
so trying for a consensus, not as a necessity but as a choice, is a salutary idea.
new delhi: the recent arrest of vijay mallya highlighted the problem of bad loans in india, but analysts say the tycoon's unpaid debts are just the tip of an iceberg that is already holding back the country's economic growth.
the multimillionaire owner of a formula one team and founder of the kingfisher beer brand was arrested on tuesday in britain, where he fled a year ago after allegedly defaulting on loans from indian state banks worth more than $1 billion.
from the mid-2000s onwards, mallya and much of corporate india went on a shopping spree, picking up assets both at home and overseas even as a financial crisis hit the global economy.
as a result, indian banks are now saddled with some of the highest levels of bad debts in the emerging markets according to the international monetary fund.
banks are so stretched that they're not even lending to healthy companies, holding back growth, rajeswari sengupta, an economist in mumbai, told afp.
that's a very big collateral damage.
.
.
the biggest fall-out is the lack of private sector investment -- banks are stressed, private sectors are stressed, lending to corporates by banks has totally stalled.
banks coughed up cash for projects even when the business plans made no sense -- such as a formula one track on the outskirts of the indian capital that was practically abandoned after three races.
regulators, eager to spur growth, allowed many industries to restructure loans rather than write them off, and also agreed to a moratorium on interest payments.
the excesses of the period remained hidden as banks sought to keep companies afloat by giving them enough capital to service their loans -- a practice known as ever-greening -- to disguise their own bad debts.
by 2015, the share of companies it monitored that could not even service the interest on their loans had reached nearly 40 percent, credit suisse said in a february report.
that has led to a situation where both banks and their clients are financially stretched.
india remains the world's fastest-growing major economy, with gdp expanding by seven percent in the last three months of 2016 -- the last quarter for which data is available.
but economists say that growth is fragile because it is being driven by consumer spending rather than investment.
'rotten system'india's government is seeking to extradite mallya and try him for fraud.
he has said there is a witch hunt against him, arguing that there were much bigger defaulters.
by september 2016, about 16.
6 percent of loans to corporates -- or about 8.
4 percent of gdp -- had been declared non-performing, according to credit suisse.
eight percent of the gdp is a very big number, sengupta told afp.
when the size of npas (non-performing assets) hits five percent of the gdp, that is considered a crisis, and we have gone way past that.
banks were finally forced to confront the problem in september 2015 when the central bank set them a deadline of march 2017 to clean up their balance sheets.
but more than a year into the forced clean-up, corporate npl formation still hasn't abated at both (state-owned) and private corporate lenders, according to the credit suisse report.
by its count, some 12 trillion rupees ($185 billion) have soured, the bulk of it at public-sector banks.
the 10 largest corporates in the country -- including the owner of that abandoned f1 track - are also the most burdened with debt and owe a collective 7.
5 trillion rupees.
there is still no sign that the affected companies are regaining their health, or even that the bad debt problem is being contained, said ashish gupta, credit suisse's head of equity research.
to the contrary, the stress on corporates and banks is continuing to intensify, and this in turn is taking a measurable toll on investment and credit.
finance minister arunjaitley is looking for solutions.
one idea his ministry mooted was to create a single bad bank which would take over all bad loans and leave the existing lenders in healthier shape.
another was to create asset management companies to tackle the problems.
but not everyone is convinced that there is a way out.
we've been sitting on this ticking time bomb for so long that i don't even know what are the solutions, sengupta said.
it's a completely rotten system and it's been like this for so long that there's no good solution any more.
by express news servicekochi: on the eve of the crucial reserve bank of india (rbi) board meeting on monday, former finance minister yashwant sinha has asked its governor urjit patel to quit if the government invokes section 7 of the banking regulations act to raid the reserves of the central bank.
speaking at the hot seat programme with the all india professional congress-kerala (aipc) president mathew kuzhalnadan on sunday evening at the bolgatty palace here, sinha said the government eyeing the rbi reserves is completely wrong.
these reserves are only notional.
they are not money in hand.
they are required to meet the liabilities of the rbi.
for every foreign exchange that comes in, the rbi gives out rupee equivalent.
tomorrow, if theres a contingency, the rbi needs this money.
i dont think there is anyone in the government who understands this, he said.
the rbi board is meeting on monday to discuss a host of issues, amid controversy over the government move to take some of its reserves.
terming that taking the rbi reserves as the most illogical thing that the government is planning, the former finance minister said issuing the order under section 7, which directs the central bank to do as the government wants, is the ultimate humiliation of the rbi.
he said even if the government has started consultation, which is required then the rbi governor should resign.
having surrendered in the question of demonetisation, now the existence of rbi, as we know it all these years, is under threat.
why should urjit patel preside over the liquidation of rbi.
he has no option but to go, sinha said.
stating the modi government was a total failure on a host of issues, especially the economic management, sinha, who quit the bjp in april, said it was greed that led the prime minister to announce the demonetisation in november 2016.
not one of the four stated goals of the note ban viz.
tackling corruption, black money, terrorism and counterfeit notes succeeded, he said.
replying to a question, he said all the black money in the system returned to the banking system and now fresh black money is being created.
05 lakh crore.
now, he says that was an incorrect figure, and the actual figure was rs 8.
5 lakh crore.
this is misleading the parliament, and it should invite breach of privilege notice, sinha said.
mincing no words in his criticism of prime minister narendra modi, he said all institutions and conventions are directly under attack from the prime minister.
he mentioned how the aadhar bill was passed as money bill, the renaming spree happening in the country etc.
the government is getting away with murder, he said.
it certainly will be a more efficient tax and one of the important changes it will bring about is (that) it will not only check evasions, but also help in evolving india as a more tax complaint society, he said.
jaitley was speaking after inaugurating the new campus of the national academy of customs, indirect taxes and narcotics (nacin) here, which will train officers of central board of excise and customs, besides officers of vat department in the new gst regime, to be implemented from july 1.
he said training academies like nacin have a very vital role to play to forge a proper coordination between taxation authorities of the centre and the states, to implement gst, which is a product of federal india.
the new indirect tax is a product of federal india.
therefore, the coordination between taxation authorities of states and the centre will be important.
it is therefore extremely important that tax training academies such as (nacin) will have a vital role to play, he said.
the minister said the amalgamation of various indirect taxes under gst in one price is itself a monumental taxation change, which requires personnel to upgrade their skills and knowledge, as it evolves while administering.
he also said that there probably would be a single interface of taxation authorities instead of multiple interfaces.
the all powerful gst council had at the end of its two day meet at srinagar on may 19, finalised four tax rates of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent for services including telecom, insurance, hotels and restaurants in the biggest tax reform since independence.
the rates are in line with those finalised for goods and with this, rates of all items except a handful including gold, have been decided ahead of the july roll out of gst.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley was thursday discharged from aiims where he was admitted for at least one day for treatment of an undisclosed illness.
jaitley, 66, has not been attending office for about three weeks now and was admitted to aiims for undergoing tests and treatment for an undisclosed illness, sources said.
a lawyer by profession, he has been the most important leader in prime minister narendra modi's cabinet and has often acted as the chief troubleshooter for the government.
he is widely tipped to return as a minister in the second term of the modi government but his health remains a key concern.
while as finance minister he has steered through parliament major economic legislations such as the nationwide goods and services tax (gst) -- which had languished for nearly two decades, he has also played key role in getting through several other laws such as the bill to ban the muslim instant divorce practice known as 'triple talaq'.
one of the most prolific voices in the modi government and a key strategist, arunjaitley did not contest the current lok sabha elections presumably because of his ill health.
he lost his first parliamentary election from amritsar in 2014 -- a loss which was considered one dark cloud in the bjp's largely blue sky that year.
suave and articulate, he has been the party's spokesperson for many years.
he came to parliament at the age of 47 when he was nominated to the rajya sabha from gujarat, where modi was the chief minister.
jaitley was a minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government and when modi swept to power in 2014, he was made the finance minister and also handled the additional charge of defence and information and broadcasting ministries for a short time.
he had undergone surgery in the us on january 22 for a reported soft tissue cancer in his left leg, an illness that led to him not being able to present the modi government's sixth and final budget of its current term.
railway and coal minister piyush goyal was the stand-in finance minister who presented the interim budget for 2019-20.
jaitley had returned to india on february 9 after undergoing skin grafting.
he is believed to had undergone some kind of a medical procedure again when he last month visited the us to attend the imf-world bank group spring meetings.
jaitley had undergone renal transplant on may 14 last year at aiims, new delhi, with goyal filling in for him at that time too.
jaitley, who had stopped attending office since early april 2018, was back in the finance ministry on august 23, 2018.
earlier in september 2014, he underwent bariatric surgery to correct the weight he had gained because of a long-standing diabetic condition.
anuradha shukla and vaijyanthi m c byexpress news servicenew delhi/mumbai: the liquidity problem faced by the non-banking financial sector (nbfc) was flagged at the financial stability development council (fsdc) meeting in new delhi on tuesday which was attended by finance minister arunjaitley and reserve bank governor urjit patel along with all the four deputy governors and other ministry officials.
the government has flagged its concern that the nbfc crisis should not spill over to other sectors.
on its part, rbi has assured that the liquidity problem in nbfcs is not as severe as is being projected, barring few sectors, and assured the government that it is already doing whatever it can, sources said after the meeting, which went on for almost two hours .
the meeting was also attended by the sebi chairman, and heads of other regulators like pfrda, irdai, the secretary, department of economic affairs, secretary department of financial services, principal economic advisor sanjeev sanyal and chairman of the insolvency and bankruptcy board (ibbi).
while the meeting, which started with a presentation by sanyal on the macroeconomic situation, also discussed cyber-security in financial markets, it did not discuss non-performing assets.
interestingly, the finance minister also extended an invitation to the rbi team for an upcoming event on msmes.
meanwhile, industry experts say that things have improved on the ground for nbfcs, with banks willing to buy loan books.
a senior official with a housing finance company said that banks have been selectively looking at the issue and that deals were taking place.
compared to the situation earlier this month, liquidity situation has eased, but cant say it is 100 per cent normal, he said.
most private banks have said in recent weeks that they are comfortable lending to nbfcs depending on their risk profiles.
niche nbfcs like manappuram finance had said last week that they have been able to access commercial paper (cp) as well bank credit lines.
they have also been trying to access public issue to raise money.
thiruvananthapuram: chief minister pinarayi vijayan has urged the union government to allow transaction of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes until december 30, the last date for exchanging them.
he also announced a time relaxation for different fees and taxes until november 30.
people are going through undescribable difficulties owing to the ban.
those in need of medicines and treatment are the most affected.
as the centre has failed to supply sufficient change, it should allow people to transact the notes until december 30, pinarayi said.
he alleged that the union government had leaked out information on the demonetisation drive to those close to it before the official announcement came.
petrol bunks are accepting rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes and their business spiralled up.
but there is no shortage of stock.
everyone knows the major petroleum producer reliances closeness to the government, he added.
pinarayi said the report that demonetisation drive was due to a flaw by the rbi, that it accidentally distributed notes without security thread, was serious.
people should not be punished for the central banks mistake, he said.
the chief minister, who was on his way to delhi, said he that would try to meet finance minister arunjaitley to convey the states difficulties after the demonetisation.
a tughlaqian decision, says rameshtpuram: opposition leader ramesh chennithala lashed out at the centre for not making any preparations before withdrawing the c500 and c1,000 denominations and pushing the people into hardship.
likening prime minister narendra modi to muhammad bin tughlaq, he said that the prime minister is the new avatar of tughlaq.
the decision to withdraw the notes overnight has been taken without any preparations.
it has led to a crisis and the people are facing much hardship, he said.
after making the announcement of withdrawing the denominations, the prime minister left for japan, he added.
prove that pm leaked info, bjp dares cmtpuram: bjp state president kummanam rajasekharan on sunday challenged chief minister pinarayi vijayan to prove that prime minister narendra modi leaked details about the demonetisation drive.
reacting to vijayans statement sunday morning that modi disclosed information about the plans to abolish c1000 and c500 notes to people close to him, he said, it was not simply a cpm leader, but the cm who made the statement.
as administrative head of the state, he should speak responsibly.
cpm leaders are worried after the disclosure that co-operative banks they govern are a haven for unaccounted money to the tune of c30,000 crore.
watch out!
the duplicate is heretpuram: a day after fake currency c2,000 notes were seized from chikmagalur in karnataka, a similar seizure took place at chirayinkeezhu in the district.
on sunday, the chirayinkeezhu police seized a photostat copy of the new c2,000 currency note from a lottery ticket seller.
the police have registered a case based on a compliant filed by the ticket seller, sudevan of azhoor.
the incident took place around noon when a man approached the lottery vendor to exchange his c2,000 note.
however, sudevan told the man that he could give lower denominations notes only if he bought a ticket.
the unidentified man then bought a ticket for c100 from sudevan, who gave c1,900 as change.
the fraud came to light when sudevan went to a bevco outlet in the evening.
later, he confirmed the currency note as fake by verifying it with a bank, the police said.
we have taken the statements of the lottery seller and a probe has been launched, said h l sajeesh, chirayinkeezhu si.
by express news servicenew delhi: the mortal remains of former finance minister arunjaitley , who died on saturday, have reached his residence here.
the remains were brought to the late leader's residence in kailash colony, south delhi, from aiims where he died earlier in the day due to prolonged illness.
union ministers nirmala sitharaman, smriti irani, om birla, hardeep puri, jitender singh, anurag thakur, rajyavardhan singh rathore, manoj tiwari, ramesh bidhuri were among various leaders who rushed to aiims after hearing the news of jaitley's demise.
union minister harsh vardhan was present in the hospital since early saturday morning.
senior advocates including geeta luthra were also present in the hospital.
jaitley will be cremated at the nigam bodh ghat here on sunday, party sources said.
jaitley's body will reach the bjp office at 10 a.
m.
on sunday and thereafter cremation will take place at the nigam bodh ghat at 2 p.
m.
, a party official said.
new delhi: the aam aadmi party (aap) on sunday alleged that they had received death threats from arunjaitley legal team during the court proceedings in the defamation battle between delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and the union finance minister.
while arguments were going, a person who is a part of jaitleys legal team started giving death threats.
such death threats were given while the proceeding was going on.
we have filed a written complaint and have also sought legal advice from our council.
but if this is the process of justice, it is shocking state of affairs, aap leader raghav chaddha told ani.
meanwhile, the bharatiya janta party (bjp) has said the aap should have thought twice before denting jaitley's image, adding that the court will decide and deliver its verdict correctly.
they were living in their dream world.
they should have thought twice before saying anything against a person who is so transparent and clear, bjp leader maheish girri told ani.
earlier on saturday, in a major jolt to kejriwal, a delhi court put the former on trial in the case in connection with the delhi and district cricket association (ddca) criminal defamation case filed by jaitley.
chief metropolitan magistrate sumit dass also framed a defamation notice against kejriwal and other aap leaders.
meanwhile, kejriwal and other aap leaders pleaded not guilty and claimed trial.
the trial in the case will start on may 20.
earlier, arunjaitley had filed a criminal defamation complaint against kejriwal and five other aap leaders for allegedly defaming him in the patiala house court, while a civil defamation case was filed in the delhi high court.
jaitley had filed the suit seeking rs. 10 crore in damages after kejriwal and five other aap leaders accused him of alleged irregularities and financial bungling in the ddca, of which the former was the president for about 13 years until 2013.
by ptinew delhi: oil minister dharmendra pradhan today said ioc and bpcl are both keen to acquire gas utility gail india ltd, which as per the extant policy needs to be split by separating gas transportation business from its marketing unit.
ioc and bpcl have separately indicated to the petroleum ministry their interest in taking over gail to add natural gas to their oil refining and marketing business.
in a written reply to a question in rajya sabha, pradhan said finance minister arunjaitley in the 2017-18 budget unveiled government's plan to create integrated public sector oil majors through consolidation, mergers and acquisitionsso as that the merged company has capacity to bear higher risks, avail economies of scale, take higher investment decisions and is able to match the performance of international and domestic private companies.
indian oil corporation ltd (iocl) and bharat petroleum corporation ltd (bpcl) had written to the ministry for integration with gail (india) limited.
however, government has not taken any decision in this regard, pradhan said.
to a separate question on splitting gail, he said a decade-old policy provides for a natural gas transporter not having any interest in marketing of the fuel.
incorporated in august 1984 by spinning off gas business of ongc, gail (india) ltd owns and operates about 11,000-km of natural gas pipelines in the country.
it sells around 60 per cent of natural gas in the country.
pradhan said in 2006, the government issued the policy for development of natural gas pipelines and city or local natural gas distribution networks.
in the long run and with the maturing of gas markets, it is envisaged in the policy that the authorised entities will have transportation of natural gas as their sole business activity and will not have any business interest in the gas marketing or city or local gas distribution networks, he said.
also, the policy and the provisions of the petroleum and natural gas regulatory board (pngrb) act, 2006 provide for all entities authorised to lay pipelines including gail to provide mandatory open access to their gas pipeline infrastructure on common carrier principle at non-discriminatory basis.
this open access to third parties should be given at transportation rates determined by pngrb, he said.
the minister however did not say either way if the government was considering splitting gail.
last month, pradhan had stated that the state-run firm should focus on building natural gas pipelines as marketing can be done by anyone.
he had stated that creating infrastructure to take environment friendly natural gas to uncovered parts, particularly eastern india, is a priority for the government.
several meetings have been held in the ministry on splitting gail by spinning off its marketing business into a separate company and selling it to a state-owned firm.
gail also owns a petrochemical plant at pata in uttar pradesh which too could be sold along with the marketing business to either ioc or bpcl.
the company had in the past resisted the split on grounds that its gas marketing and transmission businesses operate at arm's length, and hence do not need to be separated.
gail's marketing business formed 71 per cent of its 2016 -17 total sales, and 25 per cent pre-tax profit.
the government has a 54.
89 per cent stake in gail india.
earlier, it was so much in cash and so much in cheque.
this was the indian normal.
the prime minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high currency notes.
the prime minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption.
attacking on the congress and other political parties opposing demonitisation, the union finance minister said that corruption was all pervasive during the upa government.
though half of the term of the nda government is over nobody is talking about corruption any more.
implementing such a decision is not only difficult but painful which we are experiencing.
replacing 86 percent of the currency in circulation is a challenging task because of the huge logistics involvesand secrecy need to be maintained at all level, he said.
despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
two categories of people have not changed - politicians and media people.
the congress and left parties are still asking when things will change while a section of the media are showing only thenegative aspects of the demonetisation.
however, they don't realise the country has already changed and people have accepted the move of the government, he remarked.
for the first time honest people of the country have started realising the benefit to be honest, jaitely said.
the union finance minister said what surprised him the most was when he was informed by the banks that 80 crore credit and debit cards are in circulation while 45 crore of these cards are active.
besides, crores of people have resorted to the e-wallet system which started only 15 months back.
we don't realise how fast the the economic scenario is changing.
once remonetisation is complete and transaction is made on digital platform, the future of the country will be bright, he said.
earlier, the country was unified politically but not economically.
economic integration of the country will happen after implementation of the gst, he said.
i believe that the two initiatives - gst and demonetisation - would eventually benefit the whole country which wil be one big market, he said.
tax evasion would be increasingly difficult because at some point of transaction - from inception to the end - the whole process of manufacture would be captured on the it backbone that is beingdeveloped.
new delhi: the gst tax structure has finally been decided with the centre and states reaching an agreement on the subject.
in a major breakthrough, the gst council on thursday announced a 4-tier tax structure at - 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent.
it is yet unclear as to what items on your household budget could cost more and what could be cheaper.
however, it is likely that most of the essential goods like cooking oil, food grains and even toothpaste will attract zero tax under the new regime.
meanwhile, items like tobacco products, pan masala, aerated drinks and luxury cars would fall under the highest tax slab of 28 per cent including an additional cess for a period of five years.
most mass consumption products used by theaam admi would be taxed at only 5 .
therewould be 0  tax on most food itemsarun arunjaitley , finance ministerthis, according to sources, will amount to a total of 40-65 per cent tax on these products.
according to finance minister arunjaitley , the new tax structure would allow items that are currently taxed at rates close to the announced rates to be adjusted accordingly.
most mass consumption products used by the aam aadmi would be taxed at only 5 per cent.
around 50 per cent of all items that fall in the retail inflation basket - primarily food items - would be kept out of the gst.
while the decision on rates for services like telecommunication, banking and insurance would be taken at a later stage, a few products are likely to be cheaper for the end consumer.
there will be two standard rates - 12 per cent and 18 per cent - applicable on a majority of the goods.
currently, white goods such as refrigerators attract a tax between 30 and 31 per cent.
this includes a 12.
5 per cent excise duty and state value added tax of 14.
5 per cent.
once the gst rates are effective, a majority of these goods would attract a flat tax rate of 28 per cent, thus making them marginally cheaper.
cars too would come under this category.
with current effective tax rates on cars ranging from 30 per cent to as high as 47 per cent, most cars are set to become a little cheaper.
however, luxury cars would attract an additional cess, over and above the gst.
thursdays decision would now be used by a committee of secretaries to decide the item-wise rates for thousands of goods and fix the slabs.
the consensus arrived at by the gst council on the tax structure has cleared a major hurdle in the rollout of gst from april 1, 2017.
the council will meet again on friday to decide on the dual control and to find consensus between the centre and states on tax collection and division of powers.
the council will then meet again on november 9-10 to decide on the draft legislation.
the objective, according to the finance minister, is to ensure that the gst structure is not a burden for the common man.
the cess levied on luxury goods will be used to create a dedicated corpus to compensate states for potential revenue losses after migrating to the gst structure.
this will then be reviewed on a year-to-year basis and the council would decide on the flexibility of this pool, he added.
what you need to knowwhat does the zero tax rate mean?
zero rate for certain products consumed by a majority means that essential foodgrains etc will attract no tax.
while the effective decrease in prices might be negligible for some, they might be high for others, depending on how much state tax they currently attractwill my fridge, ac become costlier?
contrary to expectations, most white goods like acs and refrigerators will attract a lower tax under the gst regime even if they fall under the highest slab of 28  as the current rate of tax on white goods is around 30-31 .
this, however, will not include items classified as luxury goods within this segmentwill services like mobile networks get cheaper?
currently, there is no clarity on which of the services will fall under which slabs.
if services like mobile phone connections are taxed at a rate of 18 per cent, they will become costlier.
congress vice president rahul gandhi being felicitated by dmk working president mk stalin during the celebration of 94th birthday celebrations of dmk president m karunanidhi in chennai on saturday.
| ptichennai: the congress, like-minded parties and the people will not let the rss or prime minister narendra modi impose one idea on the country, aicc vice president rahul gandhi said today.
we will never allow silencing of more than a billion india voices.
.
.
we are not going to stand and watch while they peddle their ridiculous ideas, he said.
all of us on the stage, people in the crowd, and all those watching will not let the rss or narendra modi impose one idea on this country, gandhi said.
paying rich encomiums to karunanidhi on his 94th birthday celebrations and diamond jubilee of his legislative career here, he said the nonagenarian leader was loved by millions of people in tamil nadu.
gandhi, referring to karunanidhi's letters to his party workers in party mouthpiece murasoli and pointing to other leaders on the dais, said they listened to the voice of people.
karunanidhi did not write about fantasies, the congress leader said, adding he reflected the people's aspirations and underscored the importance of tamil to the whole of india, not just tamil nadu.
asserting that every single leader including bihar chief minister nitish kumar and omar abdullah valued tamil language, he said, we understand tamil language and culture, it makes india stronger.
he said none of them had the arrogance to tell you how to live and what is good for you.
in an apparent reference to hindutva, he said, there is an ideology in india, we all fought and we always fight that beliefs that they have all answers for everybody in india.
referring to the modi regime, he said they do not speak or listen to anybody and feel that they have all the answers.
they do not believe in discussion or conversation crushing opposition to them, he said.
referring to the demonetisation move of the centre, he said prime minister narendra modi decided one day that 1.
3 billion people are to be told that money in their pockets is worthless.
he said, modi does not ask anybody or go to anybody and unilaterally decides.
the entire world is saying that the demonetisation has wrecked indian economy.
what arunjaitley is not telling you is that modi did not even asked him about demonetisation that is the way government of india is being run.
he flayed the bjp-led centre saying they believe that there is only one idea, along which india should be run.
he said saffron party believed that there was only one culture which should run india.
we completely disagree with them.
every single indian voice regardless of who it belongs to have the right to run this country and be part of this country's future, he said.
thanking dmk working president stalin for organising the meeting, he said he had a difficult job to do since he had to fill the shoes of a very great man (referring to karunanidhi).
i am happy to say that he (stalin) is walking in the right direction and i am confident that one day we will speak about stalin the same way we are speaking about his father, gandhi said.
on karunanidhi, he said the nonagenarian loving the people who reciprocated it was the reason for him remaining undefeated in assembly polls for six decades and it was also the reason for him becoming chief minister five times.
when he speaks, it is not only karunanidhi who is speaking, it is the voice of the people of tamil nadu, it is your voice, when he is in the assembly, you feel he is expressing your feelings.
he said similarly all others like ncp chief sharad pawar, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee echo the voice of the people of their respective states.
the idea of india is that all such voices can come out together and they make india stronger despite differences, gandhi said.
he said every leader on the dais were absolutely convinced that wisdom and knowledge lay with the people.
hyderabad: union minister y s chowdary today admitted a delay by the government in announcing the financial package for andhra pradesh, which he attributed to complexity of the task and various policy-related changes.
he said the centre will put the package announced by finance minister arunjaitley for cabinet approval.
there is a genuine concern about the constitutional validity of the current special state assistance being given to ap.
the centre is putting the same package announced by finance minister arunjaitley for cabinet approval and sanction, the mos for science and technology & earth sciences said.
the centre had on september 7 announced the financial package for andhra pradesh, which financially suffered because of creation of a separate state of telengana in june, 2014, that includes full funding of pollavaram irrigation project, tax concessions and a special assistance, but stopped short of giving the state a special category status.
we have also accepted that there has been a delay in this sanction and this should ideally have been done a bit earlier, a release here quoted the minister as saying.
chowdary said the special category status promised by then prime minister manmohan singh in rajya sabha never included any special incentives to industries or job creation.
special category status is a financial assistance provided to states in the context of centrally-sponsored schemes, wherein, special status states get up to 90 per cent central support while normal states get 60 per cent of central grants.
the bjp-led nda government has promised to give to the state of ap exactly the same amount as would have notionally accrued under special category.
this debate is now only about the name, the minister said.
he said, complexity of the task and the changes like the abolition of planning commission and replacement with niti aayog, changes in plan and non-plan categorisation, and the subsequent changes made of centre-state financial sharing rules under 14th financial plan took its toll on the schedules to close this package.
pollavaram was granted national status on floor of rajya sabha by manohan singh, which would have guaranteed 90 per cent of funding.
however, the nda government has given ap a unique 100 per cent funding which is first time in india's history that any irrigation project, that too of this scale, has got complete funding from centre, he said.
for a project of over rs 30,000 crore, the 10 per cent saved by ap is itself rs 3,000 crore, the minister said.
he said the backward districts financial package is no longer in vogue, but we have secured an additional rs 2,100 crore for the backwards districts of northern andhra and ralayaseema in particular.
i urge the people of ap to study all the facts and appreciate that what we have procured for our state is one of the finest deals and it will continue till our state and people are back to the glory before the unfair bifurcation, chowdary said.
by reutersnew delhi: india reported on wednesday a fiscal deficit of 6.
77 trillion rupees ($103.
72 billion) for april-january or 113.
7 percent of the target originally set for the fiscal year that ends in march.
net tax receipts in the first ten months of 2017/18 fiscal year were 9.
7 trillion rupees, government data showed.
5 percent of gross domestic product (gdp) from 3.
2 percent.
15 pm on saturday in banks across the country, following demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes.
he said sbi's deposit is around 20 per cent of the total deposits in all the banks in the country.
jaitley also said that despite allegations by opposition parties that there was spike in bank deposits leading up to the demonetisation announcement, no such spike has been seen in any month, except september 2016.
that month the increase was because of money released on account of the seventh pay commission payments, he added.
therefore, there is no substance in the allegations that information about demonetisation was leaked.
jaitley also said that it will take two-three weeks to recalibrate the atms across the country for the new notes.
it will be a slow process, he said.
paris/new delhi: india and 67 countries have put in place an agreement to plug loopholes in existing laws that allowed companies to evade taxes by artificially shifting their place of business.
finance minister arunjaitley signed the multilateral convention, an outcome of the oecd/g20 project to tackle base erosion and profit shifting.
beps is resorted to by mncs through tax planning strategies by exploiting gaps and mismatches in tax rules.
the convention will modify india's treaties in order to curb revenue loss through treaty abuse and base erosion and profit shifting strategies by ensuring profits are taxed where substantive economic activities generating the profits are carried out and where value is created, a finance ministry statement had said yesterday.
experts said mncs doing businesses in india going forward will find it difficult to evade taxes by artificially shifting their place of business.
artificial avoidance of permanent establishment (pe) by mncs is the key concern of each signatory country since this is the main source of base erosion.
mncs often resort to artificial shifting of profits to low or no-tax locations, resulting in little or no overall corporate tax being paid.
in future, corporates will have to ensure the treaty provisions are not read on a stand-alone basis, but with the corresponding provisions of the convention.
governments worldwide have been patient with cross-border aggressive tax planning till now, but by signing this unique multi-lateral instrument (mli), corporates have been given the final call that their game of funnelling income to low tax or no tax jurisdiction is up, said rakesh nangia, managing partner, nangia and co.according to ey international tax services partner rajendra nayak, 1,100 tax treaties would be modified worldwide as a result of 68 jurisdictions signing the mli.
in the convention, india has chosen a more stringent option to limit the specific activity exemptions from definition of pe, which is defined as a fixed place of business that gives rise to income.
this would mean that corporates conducting certain level of business activities through india will constitute pe in india.
earlier, these businesses could claim exemption from the definition of a pe.
india along with most of the countries of the world are now jointly fighting to crack down on tax evasion around the world.
though the implementation by each country would be subject of its reservations, but the message is clear that the treaty abuse shall not be acceptable and dispute resolution would become faster in the near future, nangia said.
foreign companies usually claim tax concession under bilateral tax treaties and pay taxes in their home countries.
however, if it is established that a company has a pe in india, it has to pay taxes in india for the income generated in the country.
india has recently amended treaties with countries such as singapore, cyprus and mauritius, providing for levy of taxes in the country where income is generated rather than the country of residence of the company.
karishma r phatarphekar, bmr and associates partner, said signing of the mli is a continuation of the efforts of the government to plug treaty abuse and deal with artificial avoidance of permanent establishment.
the provisions of the mli would apply to tax treaties between two countries only if both parties agree to it.
the indian businesses should continue to be extra-cautious of any kind of transactions that could be construed to be primarily entered for tax avoidance reasons, phatarphekar said.
kunj viadya, price waterhouse leader transfer pricing, said it would make available dispute resolution mechanism for transfer pricing disputes.
this signing should allow for resolution through bilateral advance pricing agreement (bapa) and mutual agreement procedures (maps) with a number of countries, which was not possible earlier.
after the demonetisation, demand for cash vastly exceeds supply and atms often run dry.
(photo | ap)new delhi: india expects growth of around 7 percent in the first half of the next fiscal year, two officials said, painting a rosier picture for the economy than many economists after prime minister narendra modi's shock move to abolish large banknotes.
nearly 90 percent of transactions used to be in cash in india, which was gripped by a severe shortage of currency after modi's nov.
8 decision to take 500-rupee and 1,000-rupee notes, worth about $7.
5 and $15, out of circulation overnight.
several private economists have said the move could drag down growth in the next fiscal year to 6.
5 percent to 7 percent, as small businesses fired workers, consumer demand fell and farmers' winter sowing efforts were hit.
demonetisation, as it is termed, has become a major election issue in states going to the polls this year, such as uttar pradesh, india's most populous state with 200 million people, where the performance of modi's ruling bharatiya janata party could shape his political future.
the notes, accounting for 86 percent of the cash in circulation, were withdrawn in an effort to crush india's huge shadow economy, boost tax revenues and promote the use of bank accounts and digital transactions, but perceptions that the ambitious operation was botched have hurt modi's standing.
the government officials, involved in budget discussions for the 2017/18 fiscal year, acknowledged that growth in asia's third-largest economy would still be less than the 7.
75 percent initially projected for the current fiscal year.
it could even fall as low as 4 percent in this year's january-march quarter, they said.
the budget, expected to be presented on feb.
1, leaves modi little room to hand out large, populist sops, despite demands by politicians, businessmen and other lobby groups for relief to the industry and taxpayers.
there is no scope for big-ticket spending, like debt waivers for farmers, or transferring money into poor people's accounts, said one of the officials, who requested anonymity as they were not authorized to speak to the media.
still, the officials said the finance ministry's internal projections leave sufficient room to allocate funds for investments and infrastructure spending, without derailing india's fiscal deficit target.
india plans to cut its fiscal deficit to 3 percent of gdp in the fiscal year to march 2018, versus this year's target of 3.
5 percent.
modi can fund increases of 10 percent to 15 percent in some ministries' budgets and focus on job creation in areas such as farming, construction and small businesses, the officials said.
a senior farm ministry official said budget spending on the sector for the next fiscal year could rise to about 500 billion rupees ($7.
37 billion), up 40 percent on the current year.
major subsidies, including those on food, fertilisers and petroleum products, estimated at about 2.
32 trillion rupees ($34.
22 billion) for this fiscal year, are expected to go up only marginally, the officials said.
the officials said good monsoon rains could accelerate growth in the second half of the year.
modi is staying within budget limits so far, despite a series of incentives to poor people, farmers, women and small businesses announced on new year's eve.
the incentives would only cost about 35 billion rupees a year, said soumya kanti gosh, chief economic adviser at state-owned state bank of india.
india, the world's biggest sugar consumer, has asked mills to pay at least 255 rupees ($3.
93) per 100 kg from oct.
1, 2017, when the new sugar season begins, up from 230 rupees in the previous year.
new delhi: economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on wednesday retired after serving the government for 37 years in various capacities.
it has been a very good experience, especially in the last three years, das told reporters here following his superannuation function also attended by finance minister arun jaitley.
i was very fortunate to be a part of such key reforms and structural changes that have come about in the ministry of finance in the last three years, he said.
after das' retirement, corporate affairs secretary tapan ray has taken additional charge as the economic affairs secretary.
fortunate to have been associated with several key reforms and policy decisions as secretary revenue and secretary economic affairs.
will continue to tweet on important issues.
of course as a private person, das said later in a tweet.
new delhi: the government is likely to introduce in the monsoon session of parliament a separate bankruptcy law to deal with insolvency in financial sector companies that include banks and nbfcs.
the proposed bill will cover all financial service providers that include banks, nbfcs and microfinance institutions which have money deposited, a senior finance ministry official has said.
the law will help safeguard the interest of depositors, he added.
the insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc) 2016 was passed by parliament last month to deal with cases of corporate or companies other than the financial sector.
the proposed legislation for resolution of bankruptcy in financial firms are under works and our endeavour is to introduce in the upcoming monsoon session of parliament, the official said.
financial firms by their nature and characteristics, have depositor money as well.
so, an appropriate resolution processes for orderly winding down of financial firms is not an easy process, the official said adding, extensive consultation with various stakeholders are on to make a watertight law.
a finance ministry committee has suggested a 'resolution corporation' to expeditiously deal with issues concerning insolvency of financial institutions, including banks and insurers.
draft code on resolution of financial firms also proposed to consolidate the existing laws relating to resolution of certain categories of financial institutions, including banks, insurance companies, financial market infrastructures, payment systems, and other financial service providers into a single legislation, and provide for additional tools of resolution to enable the resolution corporation to maintain the systemic stability in the country.
the proposed resolution corporation will contribute to the stability and resilience of the financial system by carrying out speedy and efficient resolution of financial firms in distress, providing deposit insurance to consumers of certain categories of financial services and monitoring the systemically important financial institutions.
it will also protect consumers of financial institutions and public funds to the extent possible.
after enactment of the financial resolution and deposit insurance bill, 2016, the deposit insurance and credit guarantee corporation will be dissolved and all its functions will be carried out by the resolution corporation.
a systemic vacuum exists with regard to bankruptcy situations in financial firms.
this code will provide a specialised resolution mechanism to deal with bankruptcy situations in banks, insurance firms and financial sector entities.
new delhi: the bjp on wednesday accused the congress of spreading misinformation with mala fide intention on the decision of the nda government at the centre to denotify the old notes of rs 500 and rs 1000.
the bjp claimed that the congress had ruled the country on the might of black money and institutionalizing the spread of unaccounted money.
that the congress claims that the people in the rural areas and farmers, in particular, will face inconveniences are completely unfounded.
the agricultural income is income tax-free and the farmers can freely go to any bank branch in their areas to exchange their old notes.
the prime minister has already clarified that honest people will not face any kind of inconvenience and robust arrangements have been put in place, said gopal krishna agarwal, the bjp leader who is a points-person for economic issues.
the bjp also stated that 80 per cent people in the country are happy and only those who have ill-gotten cash are worried and spreading misinformation.
the decision of the prime minister will be a legacy for the future generation that a government took such a decisive step against unaccounted and black money.
the political class and the bureaucracy amass the black money and the decision to denotify the old notes of rs 500 and rs 1000 will hurt them the most, added agarwal.
the bjp maintained that the government decision was already in the public domain as the economists had been discussing the option to do away with these notes as a way to hit the black money hard.
the congress is largely making attempts to confuse people on the landmark initiative.
the apprehensions expressed by the congress have already been addressed and carried by the prime minister and finance minister arunjaitley , said agarwal.
meanwhile, the bjp veteran l k advani showered fulsome praise on the prime minister for bold step against black money.
incidentally, advani had attempted to make black money an election issue in 2009 in which he was the prime ministerial candidate of the nda.
prime minister narendra has given an effective direction to the need to establish an accountable and transparent democratic system which is sensitive to the common man and free from corruption.
i congratulate modi for the bold and decisive step, said advani in a media statement.
another bjp patriarch murli manohar joshi also lauded the prime minister blitzkrieg on the unaccounted money.
he stated that the government decision against black money is bold and timely.
itshould be supported in full despite short-term inconveniences.
it is a right step for making india corruption free, joshi added.
new delhi: days after finance minister arunjaitley indicated the announcement of lower income tax rates in the union budget, prime minister narendra modi met with independent economists and experts at niti aayog on tuesday and solicited their suggestions on the ways to bring down the tax rates.
stating that the new budget calendar would ensure authorisation of funds for different sectors at the very beginning of the financial year, modi said it would have an impact on the real economy.
on budget related issues, there was discussion on ways to bring down tax rates.
some speakers mentioned that the revenue collection is just a fraction of what is due to the government, niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagaraia said.
modi, according to sources, also sought suggestions from economists on ways to boost job creation, agriculture, skill development and education.
the niti aayog also gave an overview of the three years action plan to the prime minister and the independent economists, which is likely to be unveiled next month.
meanwhile, addressing a rally in poll-bound uttarakhand, modi lashed out at the opposition parties for levelling allegations against him.
with just one move on november 8, the worlds of terrorism, drug mafia, human trafficking and fake note smuggling were destroyed, the prime minister said.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley was today given the additional charge of the defence ministry after manohar parrikar resigned to take on the new role of goa chief minister.
a rashtrapati bhawan communique said that the resignation of parrikar as the defence minister, on advice of prime minister narendra modi, has been accepted with immediate effect.
further, as advised by the prime minister, the president has directed that arunjaitley , cabinet minister, shall be assigned the charge of the ministry of defence, in addition to his existing portfolios, the communique said.
parrikar submitted his resignation after bjp staked claim to form an alliance government in goa.
he will be sworn in as the chief minister of goa tomorrow heading the bjp-led ministry which has the support of regional outfits and independents.
this is the second time that arunjaitley is holding the additional portfolio of defence ministry during the present nda government.
he was incharge of the ministry earlier from may 26 to november 9 in 2014.
by ptinew delhi: amid continuing volatility in bitcoin prices and growing concerns about investors' safety, sebi chairman ajay tyagi today said the regulations on cryptocurrencies should be out soon and the role various regulators will play is being finalised.
the day budget was presented, on the next day itself we have requested dea (department of economic affairs) to call a meeting of that very quickly.
.
.
we want first a policy to be framed.
.
.
we have actually decided that which regulator will do what and we want that the committee should come out with the regulations very quickly and we will fully contribute to this, tyagi told reporters here.
tyagi, who is part of the committee formed by the government to examine the pros and cons of virtual currencies (vcs), including launching an own cryptocurrency, said that a policy in this regard should come out first and then only the role of sebi can be outlined.
the vcs are stored in digital or electronic format, making them vulnerable to hacking, loss of password and malware attack, which may also result in permanent loss of money.
by ptimumbai: the enforcement directorate today questioned raj kundra, husband of actor shilpa shetty, for more than nine hours as a witness in connection with a money laundering probe related to a bitcoin transactions case in maharashtra, officials said.
the businessman was summoned at the ed's office here and was asked questions about the purported links of the alleged main accused of the case amit baardwaj with his businesses.
they said kundra was questioned for over nine hours and his statement was recorded under the prevention of money laundering act (pmla).
coming out from the agency's office, kundra told waiting reporters that he was called as a witness in the case as bhardwaj, the alleged kingpin of the case, was unsuccessful in investing in a poker league promoted by him.
officials added that kundra's statement would be that of a witness in the case.
kundra soon tweeted to reiterate his statement.
dear media thanks for your breaking news across the country.
i have given you all bytes outside the ed office where i was called as a witness to give evidence.
the accused (amit bhardwaj) was to buy a team in my league which didn't happen due to non payment.
thank you, he said.
officials said they had come across these links and hence kundra, chairman of viaan industries, was asked to depose and record his statement.
the enforcement directorate (ed) had registered a criminal case under the pmla against bitcoin-based investment website gainbitcoin, its founder amit bhardwaj and eight others.
it is alleged that about 8,000 investors lost about rs 2,000 crore funds by transacting in this scheme.
the ed had filed its case based on an fir of the maharashtra police in this case and the pune police arrested bhardwaj and his brother vivek from delhi in april.
bhardwaj reportedly was behind ventures such as gainbitcoin, gbminers, mcap and gb21, and the investors were allegedly duped after transactions on these portals.
the central agency has expanded its probe into this case and is also investigating related bitcoin or cryptocurrency transactions that are under the scanner of other departments.
it is alleged that bhardwaj and his associates allegedly duped investors to the tune of rs 2,000 crore in mumbai, pune, nanded, kolhapur and other places in the state.
last year, finance minister arunjaitley had informed parliament that there were no regulations governing virtual currencies in india and the rbi had not given any licence to any entity/company to operate such currencies.
the government had also cautioned investors to be wary of virtual currencies such as bitcoin, saying they were like ponzi schemes with no legal tender and protection.
by ptiislamabad: india has not informed pakistan that it was withdrawing the most favoured nation (mfn) status to it, a senior pakistani official said sunday, after new delhi took strong economic action against islamabad following the pulwama terror attack.
india on friday announced the withdrawal of the mfn status for pakistan, following the deadly terror attack on crpf personnel in pulwama in jammu and kashmir, and hiked the customs duty by 200 per cent on goods originating from pakistan with immediate effect on saturday.
two days after india made the announcement, adviser to prime minister imran khan on commerce abdul razak dawood said new delhi has not informed islamabad about withdrawing pakistan's mfn status, geo news reported.
dawood said, we are looking into the withdrawal of the mfn status by india.
we can speak to india about this issue.
he further said pakistan can raise this issue at different forums including the world trade organisation (weto) as both countries are members of the global trade body.
read | what does india mean by revoking pakistan's most favoured nation status?
india granted the mfn status to pakistan way back in 1996, but islamabad has not reciprocated.
under the mfn pact, a wto member country is obliged to treat the other trading nation in a non-discriminatory manner, especially with regard to customs duty and other levies.
india's decision would significantly hit pakistan's exports to india, which stood at usd 488.
5 million (around rs 3,482.
3 crore) in 2017-18 as it would drastically increase the prices of its goods.
india has withdrawn the mfn status to pakistan after the pulwama incident.
upon withdrawal, basic customs duty on all goods exported from pakistan to india has been raised to 200 per cent with immediate effect, finance minister arunjaitley said in a tweet on saturday.
the two main items imported from pakistan are fruits and cement, on which the current customs duty is 30-50 per cent and 7.
5 per cent, respectively.
slapping an import duty of 200 per cent effectively means almost banning the imports from pakistan, official sources said in new delhi.
items which pakistan exports to india include fresh fruits, cement, petroleum products, bulk minerals and ores, finished leather, processed minerals, inorganic chemicals, cotton raw, spices, wool, rubber product, alcoholic beverages, medical instruments, marine goods, plastic, dyes and sport goods.
read | india hikes customs duty to 200 per cent on all goods imported from pakistanthe total india-pakistan trade has increased marginally to usd 2.
41 billion in 2017-18 as against usd 2.
27 billion in 2016-17.
india imported goods worth usd 488.
5 million in 2017-18 and exported goods worth usd 1.
92 billion.
during april-october 2018-19, india's exports to pakistan stood at usd 1.
18 billion, while imports were usd 338.
66 billion.
india mainly exports raw cotton, cotton yarn, chemicals, plastics, manmade yarn and dyes to pakistan.
at least 40 crpf personnel were killed and five injured on thursday in one of the deadliest terror attacks in jammu and kashmir when a jaish-e-mohammad suicide bomber rammed a vehicle with explosives into their bus in pulwama district.
in today's cabinet meeting the issue was not an agenda to be discussed but cabinet was briefed about it: finance minister arunjaitley on the dissolution of j&k assembly pic.
twitter.com/nivsydm16f  ani (@ani) november 22, 2018the governor abruptly dissolved the state assembly wednesday night, hours after the pdp staked claim to form a government with the backing of rival nc and the congress.
this was followed by another bid from the two-member people's conference which claimed the support of the bjp and 18 legislators from other parties.
chandigarh: with assembly polls round the corner, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal has upped the ante on the controversy over sharing river waters with neighbouring haryana.
badal on tuesday said the state would not spare even a drop of water regardless of the judgment of the supreme court on the sutlej-yamuna link canal issue.
my government will not accept the ruling of any court on sharing of river water via syl canal and punjab is ready for any sacrifice for this, badal said while addressing a state-level event here to mark the 50th anniversary of the creation of punjabi suba.
i want to use this occasion to state one thing clearly, even if it is taken adversely.
.
.
even if the highest court decides on this issue (sharing of water), we will not give even a drop of water, he said in the presence of finance minister arunjaitley and bjp president amit shah.
we will not allow punjabis to die of hunger, he stated.
the supreme court is seized of the syl issue and is likely to pronounce its verdict soon.
the syl canal, which was to link both rivers in these states, has been a bone of contention for over three decades.
punjab maintains that it has no water to spare for other states.
haryana, which has a bjp government, is awaiting the supreme court verdict on the issue.
in punjab, the shiromani akali dal has an alliance government with the bjp.
badal, while soliciting the personal attention of arunjaitley and shah, categorically stated that people were making sarcastic remarks for not getting these territorial issues resolved through the intervention of nda government at the centre, in which the sad is an ally.
he said the inter-state issues, including denial of capital to punjab, transfer of punjabi-speaking areas and resolving river water issues within the ambit of internationally accepted riperian principle, were hanging fire for long due to the apathetic attitude of the erstwhile congress governments at the centre.
badal urged both the national leaders to deliver prompt justice rather than making any favour.
training guns at the opposition for defaming the hardworking youth of the state as drug addicts, shah said the sad-bjp alliance is proud of its immense contribution to the country.
he said those who were hellbent on tarnishing the image of punjabis deserve no leniency at all.
by ptinew delhi: bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi-led ministerial panel on incentivising digital payments under gst will meet on may 11 to assuage concerns expressed by some states, especially west bengal.
to incentivise digital transaction, the gst council had last week discussed giving a concession of 2 per cent in gst rate (where the tax rate is 3 per cent or more) to consumers making payment through cheque or digital mode.
the ceiling for the discount would be capped at rs 100 per transaction.
while most of the states in the gst council were agreeable to the proposal, west bengal had voiced concerns saying that the poor people will suffer because they still find cash as a viable mode for transaction, an official said.
while 98 per cent of the states supported the idea, west bengal opposed to it saying the poor would suffer.
we will discuss the concerns and hope to achieve a consensus in the may 11 meeting, the official added.
the modi-led group of ministers (gom) has been tasked with submitting its report to the gst council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley and comprising his state counterparts, within 15 days.
the five member gom include gujarat deputy chief minister nitinbhai patel, west bengal finance minister amit mitra, haryana excise & taxation minister capt abhimanyu and punjab finance minister manpreet singh badal.
jaitley, after the gst council meet last week, had said that while most states were agreeable to the proposal of giving a concession in gst rate, some states wanted a small negative list.
bainchua (odisha): barely a few weeks back, septuagenarian laxmidhar behera had sold his paddy stock and was happy to receive six notes of rs 500 denominations when the manager at the mandi paid him rs 3000 in cash.
but little did he know that these notes would be invalid soon.
even as he supports demonetisation, behera, a resident of bainchua village under balianta block of khurda district, is finding it hard to get the currency notes exchanged as there is no bank nor atm in the panchayat.
if i add my daughters savings of rs 4,000, i have now 14 pieces of rs 500 notes.
to replace those notes, i have to go to balakati, eight km away, where i have an account in a nationalised bank.
what pains me is that i have to stand in queue and spend two days because they will not exchange rs 7,000 at a time, he rued.
though i have money, i cannot use it.
my nephew has assured me to give rs 2,000 in exchange and deposit the rest amount in my account, behera said.
but all are not lucky like him.
panchu parida (55) of velurihat, nearly 10 km from bhubaneswar, is running from pillar to post to get his two rs 500 notes exchanged.
he does not have a bank account.
nearby co-operative society refused to exchange the notes.
where do i go with the notes?
do i need to hold an account in a bank to get notes exchanged?
there are long queues outside banks.
how can i open an account?
asked an ignorant parida, who works as a construction worker.
his woes, however, do not end here.
he has not got his wage for the last one week as the contractor is paying him old rs 500 or rs 1,000 notes which he is refusing to accept.
with virtually no money in hand, he has been purchasing grocery and vegetables from the village market on credit for his 12-member family.
rural markets have also suffered a lot.
while many have no option but to give the goods on credit to clear the stocks, sales have dropped by almost 50 per cent.
a betel shop owner santosh sahu at satyabhamapur chhack said the business is not as usual.
it is difficult to sell goods worth rs 200 a day, said sahu.
like bainchua, odisha has around 4,400 un-banked panchayats out of total 6,238 panchayats.
despite the centres appeal to people not to panic, 70 per cent of panchayats with around 1.
65 crore people constituting 47 per cent of the rural population of the state are forced to suffer as they do not have access to banking facilities.
even as officials claimed that steps have been taken to provide basic banking services in interior areas through business correspondents (bcs), a sizeable number of people in rural areas are deprived of reliable banking services.
the plan to launch mobile vans and micro atms is yet to materialise in most of such panchayats.
meanwhile, chief minister naveen patnaik has written to union finance minister arunjaitley to instruct the reserve bank of india and commercial banks to provide mobile banking services or set up temporary counters in unbanked panchayats to ensure that people do not suffer due to demonetisation.
addressing 22 heads of missions here, he said the number of indian diaspora across the world has increased substantially and the onus is on ifs officials to make use of their services for benefit of the country.
india has two plus points.
we are doing well among all other major economies in the world.
also, the size of indian diaspora has increased in almost every country and is now in a position to (have an) impact, he said.
he asked the officers to optimally utilise these advantages during their tenure.
the international monetary fund (imf) has projected a robust 7.
6 per cent growth for india in 2016 and 2017.
india remains among the fastest growing major economies of the world as imf has projected 6.
6 per cent and 6.
2 per cent gdp growth rate for china for 2016 and 2017, respectively.
global growth is projected to slow to 3.
1 per cent in 2016 before recovering to 3.
4 per cent in 2017.
new delhi: the centre will not assist state governments decision to undertake fiscal leverage in waiving farm loans, finance minister arunjaitley reiterated on monday.
the finance ministers clarification comes at a time when the madhya pradesh and maharashtra governments have sought the centres support to waive farm loans following an agrarian unrest that is spreading across the country.
protests that erupted in madhya pradesh and maharashtra, with demands that included up-like loan waivers, have spread to haryana, punjab, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
farmers in tamil nadu, who held a month-long demonstration in new delhi, also revived protests for loan waivers.
earlier last month, uttar pradesh announced a mega loan waiver worth `36,359 crore for small and marginal farmers whose loan burden does not exceed `1 lakh.
on sunday, maharashtra too announced a farm loan waiver, ending a simmering stir in the state.
i have already made the position clear.
states like maharashtra, which want to go in for these kinds of schemes will have to generate money from their own resources.
earlier last week, reserve bank of india governor urjit patel warned against mega loan waivers.
the risk of fiscal slippages, which by and large can entail inflationary spillovers, has risen with the announcements of large farm loan waivers, the rbi said.
earlier this year, state bank of india chairperson arundhati bhattacharya had also warned policy makers against extending farm loan waivers, calling it a major problem in maintaining credit discipline.
money will come in today because government will pay, but when we will give loan in future, farmers will wait for next elections.
support to the farmers is necessary but not at the cost of credit discipline, she had said.
bad loan borrowers list soonjaitley said rbi was at a fairly advanced stage in preparing a list of borrowers with bad loans and claimed action on this front is expected soon.
new delhi: land and real estate should be brought under the gst regime to check money laundering and corruption, chief economic advisor arvind subramanian suggested on thursday.
subramanian, who had authored a report on possible tax rates under the goods and services tax (gst) for the government, suggested that the new indirect tax set-up should be clean with simple low rates and should include land and property as well as electricity.
stamp duty (on property registration) is separate and states can retain the right to have stamp duty.
the sale of land and immovable property should be part of gst so that input tax credit can flow freely in the system, subramanian said at a conference.
cashless economy means less cash economydigital transactions are a parallel mechanism, not a substitute, for cash transactions and a cashless economy is actually a less cash economy as no economy can be fully cashless, union finance minister arunjaitley clarified at the meeting of the consultative committee attached to the ministry of finance.
he pointed out that the government is trying to encourage digitisation as much as possible because an excessive cash economy has its own social and economic costs and consequences.
jaitley said that cash can be gradually substituted through digital payments/transactions.
government is conscious of the need of the cyber security of high level to secure digital payments he said, adding that the rbi and government will ensure strong firewalls.
new schemes to incentivise e-paymentsthe government has announced two new schemes to incentivise digital transactions hoping that electronic payments will be adopted by all sections of the society, especially the poor and the middle class.
the scheme will become operational with the first draw on 25th december, 2016 (as a christmas gift to the nation) leading up to a mega draw on babasaheb ambedkar jayanti on april 14, 2017.
it will comprise of two major components, one for consumers and the other for the merchants: following demonetization, there has been a spurt in the digital payments across the country and both the volume and amount of money transacted through digital methods has seen manifold , said amitabh kant, ceo niti aayog.
new delhi: not unexpected, the cash crisis or demonetisation dominated the political discourse inside parliament and outside on wednesday, on the first day of the winter session.
didi, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, led a protest march to rashtrapati bhawan with former j&k cm omar abdullah, ruling party ally shiv sena, and a retinue of small opponents  hardik patels fledgling outfit, aap, and the ex-punjab assembly speaker; while the opposition heavyweights stayed put in the upper house to corner the government through a debate.
from calling the move tuglaqi (anand sharma, cong) or accusingly referring to prime minister as modi antoinette (sitaram yechury, cpi-m) to demanding a joint parliamentary probe on the alleged selective leak of information to friends of bjp, it was a day filled with fire and brimstone.
if there was any added embarrassment for the government in finding ally shiv sena in the opposite camp  bsp chief mayawati tellingly commented on finance minister arunjaitley glum look  it was lessened a bit by bihar chief minister nitish kumars unqualified support from patna.
well, the fortresses looked breached on both sides.
trinamool congress supremo and bengal cm mamata banerjee and ex-j&k cm omar abdullah lead a march by a delegation of mps from parliament house to rashtrapati bhavan against the governments demonetisation move, on the opening day of the winter session, in new delhi on wednesday | shekhar yadavthe silver lining for the government was, no one, not even the sena which walked in protest hand-in-hand with didi, asked for a rollback of the decision, ostensibly taken to fight corruption and fake-currency-funded terrorism.
the government braced itself up to the opposition attack.
power minister piyush goyal and i&b/parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu powered the counter argument in the house.
the pm, they said, had delivered on his promise to root out black money, made during 2014 elections, won in the haze of scam allegations against the then ruling dispensation, the congress/upa.
but accusations of mishandling the currency reform persisted, in fact allegations flew thick and wild.
the plight of the common man  as in the small trader, the farmer and the housewife  was the leitmotif of the opposition attack.
wit and humour was not missing though.
after submitting a memorandum to president pranab mukherjee to bring immediate succour to the hapless citizens in banks queues across the country, banerjee renamed atm aayega toh milega.
her arch rival, yechury took recourse to an allegory.
the government, he said, dried up the pond in hope of catching the crocodile, little realising that the crocodile escaped to the land, and now the life of the small fish was under threat.
the political leaders were undoubtedly picking up their cues from social media.
aihik sur byexpress news servicehyderabad: almost all banks, financial institutions and other departments have spent more on advertisements in hindi and english rather than on regional languages, according to a reply given to a question in lok sabha.
the data which was tabled by finance minister arunjaitley in response to a question in the lok sabha listed 37 financial institutions and government departments, out of which 32 institutions had spent more on hindi and english advertisements between 2014 and 2017.
in addition to advertisements, all institutions also spent a certain amount of money on promotion of hindi.
for instance, the countrys biggest bank with most customers, state bank of india, spent rs 427.
87 crore on hindi advertisements, rs 194.
92 crore on english and just rs 131.
37 crore on regional languages.
sbi also spent another rs 13.
31 crore on promotion of hindi, the answer tabled by jailtey said.
similarly, life insurance corporation of india (lic) has spent rs 896.
12 crore on hindi advertisements, and -- less than half -- rs 440.
56 crore on regional language.
lic spent rs 4.
68 crore on hindi promotion separately.
it is important to note that out of the 29 states in the country, only 11 states have hindi as their official language.
in west bengal, hindi enjoys the status of additional official language along with nepali, kamatpuri, kurukh and urdu.
there were only five institutions that spent higher in regional language advertisement and all of them were headquartered in non-hindi speaking states.
for instance, andhra bank, which is based in the city, spent double the amount (rs 13.
52 crore) on regional language advertisement than on hindi ads (rs 6.
89 crore).
other institutions which spent more in regional language include canara bank, indian bank, national insurance company ltd and national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard).
sbi spent rs 427 cr on hindi advtsthe countrys biggest bank with most customers, state bank of india, spent rs 427.
87 crore on hindi advertisements, rs 194.
92 crore on english and just rs 131.
37 crore on regional languages.
anuradha shukla byexpress news servicenew delhi: in a surprising move, the government announced the resignation of the chief economic advisor arvind subramanian, who has decided to go back to the us, citing personal reasons.
the news was shared by a facebook post of former finance minister arun jaitley.
a few days ago chief economic advisor arvind subramanian met me over video conferencing.
he informed me that he would like to go back to the united states on account of pressing family commitments arunjaitley posted and later tweeted.
the government meanwhile has accepted his resignation.
his reasons were personal but extremely important for him.
arvind subramanian had joined us as the chief economic advisor on 16th october 2014 for a period of three years.
after his tenure ended, he got an extension of one year.
so far there was no announcement on his last working date.
the sources are anonymous or pseudonymous.
the quantum of money was never disclosed and the system ensures unclean money coming from unidentifiable sources.
it is a wholly non-transparent system.
most political groups seem fairly satisfied with the present arrangement and would not mind this status-quo to continue.
the finance minister had last week announced the contours of the electoral bonds, which will be sold by country's latest lender sbi and will have a tenure of just 15 days.
the bonds are being pitched as an alternative to cash donations made to political parties.
jaitley said the choice has now to be consciously made between the existing system of substantial cash donations involving unclean money and other transparent options like cheque, online transactions or electoral bonds.
while all three methods involve clean money, the first two are totally transparent and the electoral bonds scheme is a substantial improvement in transparency over the present system of no-transparency, he said.
the government is willing to consider all suggestions to further strengthen the cleansing of political funding in india.
it has to be borne in mind that impractical suggestions will not improve the cash denominated system.
they would only consolidate it, arunjaitley wrote.
he said india, despite being the largest democracy in the world, has not been able to evolve a transparent political funding system in the last seven decades.
the round the year functioning of the political parties involves a large expenditure.
.
.
these expenditures run into hundreds of crores.
yet there has not been a transparent funding mechanism of the political system, he said.
anuradha shukla byexpress news servicenew delhi: as the revenue collection is still far below the expectation, the government is considering reintroduction of some taxes including estate tax.
we do not have enough headroom to go for massive tax cuts.
while the interim budget has already announced income tax exemption upto rs 5 lakh of annual income, the (revenue) department has proposed to reintroduce the estate tax and cash transaction tax in the upcoming budget, a senior official from the finance ministry told tnie.
estate tax or inheritance tax is the tax levied on by the government when a person receives money or property from the estate of a deceased person.
this tax was abolished in india in 1985.
according to the sources, this tax was proposed even in 2014 but then finance minister arunjaitley was not in its favour and said it will not add much to the tax kitty.
however, with new finance minister nirmala sitharaman taking over charge, the proposal is back to the discussion table.
more than tax collection, this along with cash transaction tax will bring in transparency in declaration of income and wealth.
the proposal says tax to be exempted on value up to rs 3 crore, the official added.
another proposal is to tax cash withdrawal from the bank above rs 10 lakh per annum.
this is also not a new proposal as in 2005, p. chidambaram, imposed banking cash transaction tax (bctt) of 0.
1 per cent tax on cash withdrawals over rs 10,000.
the proposal did not go down well with people and after protest; this was eventually scrapped in 2009.
in the interim budget 2019, the then interim fm piyush goyal has already announced raising the standard deduction limit from rs 40,000 to rs 50,000, tax rebate for rs 5 lakh income category under section 87aand also opened the gate for more tax reliefs by announcing that income above rs 6.
5 lakh, will also be free of taxes as well, if they make investments in government schemes.
the union budget, to be presented on july 5, is likely to throw more clarity on this.
bengaluru: despite tuesdays rebound, dealers and traders point out that the financial markets are still jittery.
the prime ministers speech on taxing capital markets, despite being negated by finance minister arunjaitley has not gone down well with them.
narendra modi had, on saturday, said, those who profit from financial markets must make a fair contribution to nation-building through taxes.
for various reasons, the contribution of tax from those who make money on the markets has been low.
at the moment tax on long term capital gains (ltcg) is tax exempt while short term capital gains (stcg), withholding period of less than 12 months, is taxed at 15 percent.
according to v k vijaykumar, chief investment strategist, geojit bnp paribas, the probability that the tax burden will increase is very high and one-year exemption for ltcg may be tweaked to two years.
last year, budget reintroduced tax on dividends for those earning dividends in excess of rs10 lakhs, so there is a possibility that this may be changed, he said.
however, what is at stake is the securities transaction tax (stt)  paid by market participants when a share is bought.
if the stt is increased, it will reduce market transactions, volumes will fall and will lead to a decline in the tax collected, he added.
an equity dealer at nirmal bang institutional research, mumbai said that it was unfair to say that we are not paying taxes.
does he (modi) want to tax people who are making money after making profits or the markets themselves.
if he is thinking about the latter it is going to be disastrous, he added.
others agree.
who likes paying taxes despite making losses, asked a.k prabhakar, research head, idbi capital markets.
sriram jagdish, an equities trader at karvy stock broking said, for a trader, the gains are considered as business income and taxed.
now only the budget can provide some amount of clarity on how capital gains will be taxed.
according to vijaykumar, there is triple taxation on the same amount.
you tax net profit of companies, you tax the company when it is paying dividends and after its in the hands of the shareholders, again it is being taxed.
so its unfair to say they are not paying taxes, he said.
sunitha natti byexpress news servicemumbai: the receipts and expenditure estimates of budget 2018-19 make one believe it wasnt a routine accounting task, but a giant exercise in credibility management.
the government has been facing flak for what it couldnt and didnt deliver, scoring poorly on the promise versus reality quotient.
in hindsight, the narendra modi-led bjp government is careful about how history will judge it and so used the budget vehicle to influence the court of public opinion just by being realistic.
allow us to explain the narrative via numbers.
we were told that demonetisation and gst increased the tax base and buoyancy significantly: 50 per cent rise in indirect taxpayers and 85.
51 lakh new income tax filers last fiscal.
logically, a widening tax base should bump up tax collections, but fy19 revenue projections puncture any such hope.
gross tax revenue growth for the next fiscal is set at 16.
7 per cent, lower than and 17 and 17.
87 per cent seen in fy16 and fy17, respectively.
the past two quarters have seen better-than-expected corporate earnings and considering the uptick in economy, one would imagine corporate tax collections to do better, but they are likely to grow at a mere 10.
1 per cent next fiscal, significantly lower than the previous years 16 per cent.
ditto with personal taxes, likely to grow at 20.
45 per cent in fy19, down from last years 25.
7 per cent.
by any measure, these estimates are conservative and are set so, probably because the government in the past failed miserably on key economic indicators.
recall the 5.
7 per cent gdp growth in q1 that no one saw coming.
perhaps, the pain from this low-growth wound is still fresh that the government wants to avoid any additional scars.
to restore credibility, fy19 seems to have revenue targets that can be easily met (bonus points, if overshot), instead of steep targets only to fall behind the curve.
this logic also has its imprint on government expenditure.
consider the `5 lakh per family health insurance plan, which could have got more political mileage if provided with a princely fund of `12,000 crore.
the governments compelling need to moderate expectations and lend itself credibility could be for two reasons.
one, theres simply not enough money.
two, due to bitter experiences, with flagship programmes like the `10,000-crore startup india ending up as epic failures.
or take the more recent misgivings of the government, when it wanted to borrow an additional `50,000 crore that spooked bond markets.
sensing damage, it tried to wing it, lowering the borrowings to `20,000 crore, but in reality ended up taking `48,318 crore, enlarging the fiscal deficit to 3.
5 per cent for fy18.
for next fiscal, debt is marginally higher, but rising oil prices could topple the fiscal math once again.
so to avoid getting butchered by investors and rating agencies, overall expenditure (10 per cent growth) is set moderately, limiting the need for additional resources.
if theres a shortfall, the government will dip into unspent capital rather than holding out the begging bowl for cash.
also, remember tax collections could pack a punch, yielding higher revenue than estimates.
the non-tax revenue (including dividends from psus) and capital receipts (disinvestment proceeds) budget, too, smack of conservatism.
the former will grow by 3.
9 per cent, simply because the number of profit-making psus is limited and if the talk of privatisation materialises, by default dividends will reduce.
disinvestment proceeds, too, are moderate as the number of eligible disinvested companies dwindles year after year.
the first 2-3 budgets gave the government headroom to blame everything thats wrong on legacy issues.
this was a budget to boast about achievements, with a promise to do even more.
in the absence of tangible successes and to stave off another credibility crisis, finance minister arunjaitley simply decided to keep calm and carry on.
a tightrope walkfor next fiscal, debt is marginally higher, but rising oil prices could topple the fiscal math once again.
so to avoid getting butchered by investors and rating agencies, overall expenditure (10 per cent growth) is set moderately, limiting the need for additional resources.
the corridors of the ministry of petroleum and natural gas were abuzz on monday with talks of indias third biggest fuel retailer hindustan petroleum corporation ltd (hpcl) being acquired by the oil and natural gas corporation (ongc) in a rs 44,000 crore deal.
however, when express contacted senior officials in the petroleum ministry, which holds a majority stake in both the oil majors, they denied having received any specific proposal on the deal from either of the two firms.
while they sought to play it down, they also pointed out to the fact that the government had already announced the creation of an integrated oil company.
the government currently owns 68.
93 per cent in ongc, and 51.
11 percent stake in hpcl.
we will explore all possibilities to create an integrated oil company.
all options will be explored.
but, no final decision has been taken, a top official in the ministry told express.
if ongc were to gobble up hpcl, the options before it would be to buy the governments entire 51.
11 per cent stake in hpcl and follow it up with an open offer to acquire an additional 26 per cent from the other shareholders of hpcl.
the other option before the government is to merge refiners hpcl and bpcl with ongc and merge ioc and oil.
there are only six major companies in the sector  ongc and oil india ltd being the oil producers, indian oil corp (ioc), hpcl and bharat petroleum corp ltd (bpcl) in refinery business and gail in the midstream gas transportation business.
ongc videsh, chennai petroleum corporation (cpcl), numaligarh refinery and mangalore refinery (mrpl) are already subsidiaries of one of these six public-sector units.
yet another option before the government is to merge hpcl with ongc while keeping bpcl as a separate entity.
new delhi: slamming the congress for playing politics over an ex-soldier's suicide, finance minister arunjaitley today blamed administrative lapse on the part of bank for not remitting the entitled pension after he was granted orop.
on minister of state for external affairs v k singh branding the deceased as a congress worker, he said all leaders must be sensitive to the suicide.
taking congress vice-president rahul gandhi head-on, he said no one should try to change a personal tragedy into political gain, especially by a party whose fortune is already sinking.
the upa government, he said, had not taken any meaningful step towards implementing one-rank-one-pension (orop) for defence personnel in its 10 years of rule as was evident from a meagre rs 500 crore allocation it made for the purpose.
the government sympathises with the defence personnel who committed suicide, but there was not a lapse that orop was not granted to him, he clarified.
it obviously seems to be an administrative lapse.
it is not a lapse where the orop was not granted.
it was not a lapse that there was some exception made in his favour.
asked about comments by v k singh, he said, everybody has to be sensitive.
.
.
we must appreciate the sensitivity of the person who under stress has committed suicide.
i do sympathise with him and all our comments have to be sensitive on this issue.
critical of gandhi for playing politics over the suicide, he said, it is equally important that nobody tries to convert a personal tragedy of an individual into a political gain for a party whose fortunes are otherwise sinking.
he said further: it doesn't behove senior national leaders to exploit a tragedy of this kind, particularly in intensive care units of the hospitals.
a more responsible behaviour is expected of them.
the government, he said, fully sympathises with the defence personnel and his family who committed suicide.
so the sympathy that has arisen today is politically motivated and the nda is the first government which has not only accepted orop demand, but implemented it, he said.
taking his point forward, the finance minister said rs 1,000 crore has been budgeted for pension under orop.
he gave an assurance that the payments are already reaching the defence personnel.
it is a very sensitive case because the government has allocated all the money.
now obviously, (as for) the communication at the bank level, there seems to have been some problem in calculating his entire service, which was divided into two parts.
the finance minister made a reference to efforts to create meaningless conflict over orop applicable on defence services.
this orop has remained a demand of retired defence personnel for decades.
and during 10 years of the upa government from 2004 to 2014, there was this demand but it has not taken any meaningful step during these years, he said.
it was only during the lok sabha elections in april that they said a committee will be set up to work out the functional modalities of orop, arunjaitley added.
if in april 2014, you are setting up a committee, that shows it's only for electoral benefits, he said further.
he questioned the seriousness of the leaders of the congress and rahul gandhi, wondering why they did not give even re 1 for orop for these 10 years.
he spoke of the nda starting the discussions once it came to power.
a parliamentary committee report, he said, had assessed around rs 1,200 crore to be the cost to the exchequer, but on further examination, it turned out to be a few more thousand crores.
we had worked out a few options and at the end, the government accepted the demand of orop and decided that the fitment of the pension amount will be reviewed after every five years (as against) 10 years in case of government employees, he disclosed.
referring to challenges in implementation of orop in the last few moths, he said the pension is being transferred through state bank of india and each retired defence personnel is getting pension based on this revised formulation.
the government is examining it, and discrepancies will be resolved in the next two months, the finance minister promised.
according to arunjaitley , the issues arose because there was change in address, some were not traceable or some have calculation error.
he acknowledged calculation errors at the end of the bank in some cases.
when you have to pay in lakhs, it is natural that you will have such errors.
hence, a machinery is there to resolve this problem, he said, adding that the congress leaders did not show any sympathy when they were in power.
new delhi: facing an annual loss of rs 500 crore on account of service charge waiver on online train tickets, railway ministry has asked finance ministry to let them levy the service charge after june 30.
railway board has been constantly in touch with the ministry of finance and has informed them that railway is already providing five types of incentives for digital transactions.
post demonetization in november 2016, the government has been focusing on encouraging people to move towards digital mode of payments.
railways had waived off service charge on booking of e-tickets through website and finance minister arunjaitley had in budget announced to extend it further.
it was extended till june 30.
this will incur us a revenue loss of rs 500 crore.
we would like it not to remain waived off after june 30 but it depends on the government.
we have been taking up with the government but it wants more and incentives to be provided to people to encourage digital transactions.
instructions have been issued that all ministries should give all kinds of incentives to people for online transactions, said railway board member traffic mohd jamshed.
railway has been offering incentives like 5 percent discount on passengers buying ticket from automatic ticket vending machines, 0.
5 percent concessions for monthly season tickets (msts) using online payment, free insurance of rs 10 lakh for all passengers booking e-tickets, service charge waiver on e-tickets and 5 percent discount of on e-catering.
we have put our case and will wait for a reply from the finance ministry.
it is a huge loss of rs 500 crore that railway is going to incur, said jamshed.
passengers are made to pay rs 20 per ticket as service charge on a non-ac ticket booked through irctc website while rs 40 is charged from ac traveler.
passengers buying tickets from counters dont have to pay service charge.
the decision to continue with no service charge on e-ticket is part of centres big push towards digital and cashless economy.
by ptinew delhi: the cbi has transferred the investigating officer in the icici bank case as its discreet inquiry suggested his role in leaking information related to searches, officials said sunday.
superintendent of police sudhanshu dhar mishra was transferred to ranchi, a day after filing an fir in the case against former icici ceo chanda kochhar, her husband deepak kochhar and videocon group md venugopal dhoot on january 22, they said.
the agency had carried out searches at multiple locations after the charge of the case was given to new investigating officer mohit gupta, they said.
justifying the transfer, the cbi pinned the blame on mishra for keeping the preliminary enquiry pending without any reasons, they said.
the cbi did not issue any formal statement in this regard.
icici bank case is one of the very important cases that was pending without progress, one of the officials said.
also read: former icici ceo chanda kochhar, husband indicted in icici-videocon loan fraud casethe official said after review some time ago, the preliminary enquiry wad sped up and was converted into a regular case.
immediately after the registration of the case, the searches were proposed to be conducted, they said.
however, it was suspected that there was a possibility of information regarding searches being leaked, the official claimed.
a discreet inquiry was conducted and role of sudhanshu dhar mishra was strongly suspected.
hence he has been transferred pending detailed inquiry in the matter, being serious, he said.
the officials alleged role of mishra and others, if any, in keeping the pe pending is also being looked into.
meanwhile, the agency did not respond to question if mishra was suspected of leaking the information why was he allowed to file the fir when agency knew that he was delaying the preliminary enquiry.
the agency also did not respond to question which officer had cleared the fir.
the agency had carried out searches at the offices of videocon group in mumbai and nupower renewables and supreme powers, both controlled by chanda kochhar's husband, on january 24.
it is alleged that during the tenure of chanda kochhar six loans worth rs 1,875 crore were cleared for videocon group and its associated companies in which in two cases she herself was on the sanctioning committees.
in its fir, the cbi has also named several top honchos of banking industry including the present ceo of icici bank sandeep baxi alleging that they were also members of the sanctioning committees whose role needs investigation.
banking doyen and chairman of new development bank k v kamath, goldman sachs india chairman sonjoy chatterjee, standard chartered bank ceo zarin daruwala, tata capital head rajiv sabharwal and tata capital senior advisor homi khusrokhan need to be investigated, according to the fir.
their names were included by the agency in the text of the fir after a year-long preliminary enquiry.
the action attract strong comments from former finance minister arunjaitley who advised the agency against adventurism.
sitting thousands of kilometres away, when i read the list of potential targets in the icici case, the thought that crossed my mind was again the same - instead of focusing primarily on the target, is a journey to nowhere (or everywhere) being undertaken?
if we include the entire who's who of the banking industry-- with or without evidence -- what cause are we serving or actually hurting.
jaitley, who was finance minister of india till last week and had to temporarily hand over the charge to his fellow minister piyush goyal for the duration of his indisposition, advised the investigators, follow the advice of arjun in the mahabharat.
just concentrate on the bull's eye.
by iansnew delhi: a soft kiss planted on india skipper virat kohli's hand by his actress wife anushka sharma has taken the internet by storm.
the two were present at the event where the feroz shah kotla stadium was rechristened after former finance minister arunjaitley and a special stand dedicated to kohli.
cute!
@anushkasharma and @imvkohli caught in an adorable moment during an event in delhi.
pic.
twitter.com/c3siypkwfh  filmfare (@filmfare) september 12, 2019the video, which has taken the social media by storm, shows the star couple holding hands and sitting together.
moments later the actress was seen sneaking the soft kiss.
truly adorable  jasmeet chopra (@jasmeetchopra2) september 12, 2019the clip has been shared by various fan clubs on social media platforms.
speaking on the occasion, kohli spoke of how special the evening was and how it was double joy as the stadium was also named in honour of arunjaitley on the same evening.
kohli also thanked his family and his childhood coach rajkumar sharma for his contributions over the years.
when i left home today, i told my family one anecdote.
i remember getting a ticket to watch a game in 2001 at the stadium and asking for autographs from the players.
so to have a pavilion in my name at the same stadium today is surreal and a great honour, kohli revealed.
also read | virat kohli turns nostalgic after ddca unveils a stand in his name in feroz shah kotlathe whole team was felicitated after this by shah and rijiju following which the players posed for a group photograph.
in the ddca annual honours, dhruv shorey, navdeep saini, jonty sidhu and tejas baroka were the top award getters, among others.
speaking on the occasion, former india skipper kapil dev said: wonderful to have a stand in the name of virat.
and whatever ddca does for arunjaitley is not enough given his contribution.
former india player ajay jadeja said that it was a truly deserved gift for kohli.
virat is a special player and he deserves this kind of a recognition.
to be actively playing and getting a stand in his name is a great feeling, he said.
also read | ddca renames feroz shah kotla as arunjaitley stadium, names stand after virat kohliformer ddca vice president and india opener chetan chauhan spoke about his long association with jaitley.
arun jaitleyji was ddca president for 14 years and i was the vice president.
he was our friend, guide.
whenever we needed direction, he would help us.
the biggest help he did was to rebuild the kotla stadium.
so it's befitting to name it in his honour, he said.
new delhi: kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday said the centres demonetisation move has inconvenienced people and the centre has agreed to open extension counters of banks at sabarimala for the smooth conduct of the sabarimala pilgrimage, that begins on november 16.
talking to reporters after meeting union finance minister arunjaitley here in the national capital, the kerala chief minister said sabarimala pilgrimage will start in a few days and we have apprised the union finance minister about the difficulties that pilgrims would face due to demonetisation.
the minister has agreed to open extension counters of banks at sabarimala, vijayan informed.
state bank of indias first mobile atm in andhra pradesh, after its launch in tirupati on monday.
the atm will meet the demand for c100 notes and ensure that people get money without hassles | expressvijayan said he has conveyed his concerns over the way the government has conducted the demonetization of currency, as 84 per cent of it, which were in circulation, has been demonetized without any backup.
there is no backup for the currencies which was withdrawn.
the lapse on the part of narendra modis government was a grave one and that should not have happened, vijayan said after opening the kerala pavilion at the 36th edition of india international trade fair at pragati maidan here in the national capital.
vijayan said he is concerned over the smooth conduct of the sabarimala pilgrimage which is set to begin on november 16 in the kerala.
he said that people were suffering across the nation because of lack of planning by the union government.
vijayan made it clear that his government is not against curbing black money but was against the steps which cause hardship to common people.
we are not against curbing black money.
but taking steps which ultimately affects the common people of the country is not something we are in favour of.
this decision was taken much earlier, he said.
new delhi: the government on monday continued to allay fears of currency shortage, with prime minister narendra modi holding a follow up meeting on sunday night, that was in turn followed by another meeting attended by finance minister arunjaitley , rbi governor urjit patel and rbi deputy governor r gandhi.
according to economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das, among new initiatives, the government has decided to adopt hastening the introduction of more micro-atms help people withdraw cash through debit cards.
to make card transactions cheaper, rbi has been asked by the national payments corporation of india to waive its various transaction charges.
similarly, banks have been advised to waive debit and credit card charges.
the cash holding limit for 1.
2 lakh banking correspondents (bcs) has been increased.
they can disburse up to h50,000eshaktikanta das, economic affairs secretaryenough cash is available with the rbi and there is absolutely no reason for the members of the public to feel any kind of panic and the supply of various networks will be improved in days to come, das said.
he asserted that all channels will remain active and help increase the supply of cash in banks and atms. meanwhile, all the government departments and central psus have been advised to carry out all payments online and resort to cash withdrawal only in totally unavoidable situations.
on concerns raised by people in rural areas, he said, the cash holding limit for 1.
2 lakh banking correspondents (bcs) has been increased.
they can disburse up to `50,000 and banks have been given flexibility to increase it as and when required.
he also reiterated that 1.
3 lakh branch post offices through the 2.
5 lakh delivery points will get enhanced cash supply to ease demand.
he said the government has taken steps to hasten the recalibration of atms, to dispense the new currency notes of `500 and `2000 denominations from tuesday.
the government has also decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to `50,000 per week for small businesses.
considering cash availability, (for) the business entity having current account for past three months, the limit has been increased to `50,000 per week to pay wages and meet sundry expenses, das pointed out.
new delhi: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal termed as wrong lt governor anil baijal's order to recover rs 97 crore from the aap for allegedly spending on the advertisements and said it will be challenged in the court.
the chief minister's remark came after baijal had last month directed chief secretary m m kutty to recover rs 97 crore from the aam aadmi party (aap) that was allegedly splurged by the delhi government on advertisements in violation of the supreme court guidelines.
the lt governor's order to pay rs 97 crore is totally wrong.
we will challenge the order in the court, kejriwal told pti.
he also sought reasons behind targeting of the aap government.
the lg had also ordered an inquiry into the spendings on the advertisements projecting kejriwal and his party, and asked the the chief secretary to fix responsibility.
the first logic (behind the lg's order) was that my government gave advertisements outside delhi.
several state governments - tamil nadu, kerala, bihar and uttar pradesh - give advertisements in newspapers in delhi.
why no such an order for them?
why only my government is being targeted?
kejriwal said.
the delhi chief minister said that the second reason given in the lg's order was that the advertisements carried his photos in violation of the rules.
photos of chief minister are given in advertisements of a state government, which is not the violation of the supreme court's order, kejriwal asserted.
last year on the direction of the supreme court, the information and broadcasting ministry had formed a three- member committee, headed by former chief election commissioner b b tandon, to address issues related to content regulation in government advertising.
in its report, the comptroller and auditor general (cag) had said that the aap government had spent rs 29 crore in releasing advertisements outside delhi which was beyond its responsibility.
the report, tabled in delhi assembly on march 10, also said that advertisements worth rs 24 crore were released by the aap government in violation of the financial propriety and the supreme court regulations.
the aap government had rejected the report.
asked if the lg office would clear the delhi government's proposal to pay rs 3.
42 crore fee to noted lawyer ram jethmalani, he said if the prime minister's office (pmo) asks the lg, the file would be cleared and the fee paid.
a controversy had erupted recently over the government's proposal to pay the lawyer's fee from the public exchequer.
the bjp and the congress had slammed kejriwal on the issue, saying he should pay the lawyer's fee in his individual capacity.
jethmalani has been representing kejriwal in a defamation case filed against him by union minister arun jaitley.
by express news servicenew delhi: calling electoral bonds a deeply regressive move by the government, cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury tuesday said that it will open a route for dubious funds to pass unrecorded, undeclared to certain political parties.
in a letter to finance minister arunjaitley , yechury said that the electoral bonds, along with the retrospective amendment to the fcra (foreign contribution regulation act) that allows indirect political funding by foreign companies and the lifting of the maximum limit that corporates can contribute to political parties are the most retrogressive steps taken towards political funding and must be rolled back.
no clean up of political funding is possible minus state funding, at least in substantial part, of election, he said.
the left leader suggested for constituting a state fund for electoral funding and corporates must be asked to give a part of their funding towards this.
the funds be divided among political parties based on vote share or number of seats won by them.
the cpi (m) also demanded on the need to limit the amount spent by political parties for election campaigns.
there is a limit on the amount that candidates can spend during election campaign while there is no limit on spending by political parties.
this makes a mockery of the very idea of having a limit on the campaign spending.
we urge you to bring the expenditure of political parties within legal limit, violation of which would be subject to stringent punishment, said yechury.
expressing concern that the measures put in place by the government will render the funding of political parties more opaque, he said: what it does is to provide an electoral bond route for dubious funds, to pass, unrecorded and undeclared, shielded from the public eye, to certain political parties.
new delhi: the finance minister arunjaitley informed the bjp parliamentary party meeting on tuesday that the goods and services tax (gst), which would be rolled out on july 1, would be fully implemented across the country by september 15.
the lok sabha would take up discussions of the four gst enabling bills on wednesday for which a marathon nine hours has been reserved without any lunch break.
sources said that the lok sabha would also not take up the zero hour during which the members raise urgent matters of importance for their respective constituencies to allow uninterrupted discussions on gst bills, which were introduced by the finance minister in the house on monday.
two days were given to the mps to prepare for the discussions.
the bjp mps have been given thorough presentations on the key aspects of the four gst bills to help them take part in the discussions effectively.
meanwhile, the parliamentary party meeting of the bjp congratulated the prime minister narendra modi for giving the constitutional back up to the other backward castes (obc) commission, which will have a chairman, vice-chairman and three members.
union minister for parliamentary affairs ananth kumar lauded the prime minister for seeking to get the constitutional status to the obc commission.
sources said that the parliamentary party meeting also congratulated the prime minister on former union minister for external affairs and senior congress leader sm krishna joining the bjp.
the meeting also noted that a number of senior congress leaders have written letters to the prime minister lauding his leadership.
the prime minister, meanwhile, will continue to meet the bjp mps from across the country at his residence over breakfast.
the prime minister will meet bjp mps from bihar, west bengal, assam, himachal pradesh, punjab and haryana on march 29.
he will meet bjp mps from maharashtra, madhya pradesh and chattisgarh on march 30 followed by the mps from jahrkhand, odisha, and telangana on march 31, sources added.
by ptinew delhi: the ongoing rift with the government is set to play out at the rbi's crucial board meeting monday, which, according to ani, has begun.
the finance ministry nominees and some independent directors are expected to take on governor urjit patel and his team over issues ranging from msme credit to the central bank's reserves, though both sides are in favour of reaching a common ground.
while there have been reports and demands from some quarters for the governor to step down, sources said patel is unlikely to yield under pressure and will rather mount a strong defence of the central bank's policies regarding stringent npa recognition norms as well as measures taken to ease credit supply to msmes.
reserve bank of india (rbi) board meeting begins in mumbai pic.
twitter.com/ts8ebwhjdb  ani (@ani) 19 november 2018patel and his four deputies, who are all members of the rbi's 18-member central board, will present a united front, while a few independent directors too are expected to support the central bank's mission to clean up bank balance sheets, sources said.
the central board, headed by the rbi governor, is expected to discuss issues mentioned in the agenda circulated to the board members in advance.
off-agenda items can also be raised in the meeting, with the chair's permission.
the rbi's central board currently has 18 members, though the provision is that it can go up to 21.
the members include governor urjit patel and his four deputies as 'full-time official directors', while the rest 13 have been nominated by the government, including two finance ministry officials -- economic affairs secretary and financial services secretary.
sources said the government and reserve bank of india (rbi) are looking to reach at an agreeable solution with respect to relaxation of the prompt corrective action (pca) framework and easing of lending norms for the msme sector.
if not in this board meeting, the issue of relaxation of pca framework would reach a resolution in the next few weeks, they added.
as a result of the relaxation, some banks may come out of the pca framework by the end of this fiscal.
of the 21 state-owned banks, 11 are under the pca framework, which imposes lending and other restrictions on weak lenders.
these are allahabad bank, united bank of india, corporation bank, idbi bank, uco bank, bank of india, central bank of india, indian overseas bank, oriental bank of commerce, dena bank and bank of maharashtra.
the pca framework kicks in when banks breach any of the three key regulatory trigger points -- namely capital to risk-weighted assets ratio, net non-performing assets (npa) and return on assets (roa).
globally, pca kicks in only when banks slip on a single parameter of capital adequacy ratio, and the government is in favour of this practice being adopted for the domestic banking sector as well.
the rbi is also expected to consider a special dispensation for micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) and non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) which have been facing liquidity issues.
the government feels that the msme sector -- which employs about 12 crore people and plays a critical role in the economy -- needs some support after being impacted by demonetisation and implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
however, the central bank has been averse to the government's demand as it considers the sectors to be vulnerable.
it is necessary that the growth process does not suffer due to the cleaning up of the banking system from the collectively committed sins during 2008-14 when the regulatory mechanisms also overlooked high debt accumulation, he said.
amid growing tensions with the central bank, the finance ministry had sought discussions under the never-used-before section 7 of the rbi act which empowers the government to issue directions to the rbi governor.
rbi deputy governor viral acharya had in a speech last month talked about the independence of the central bank, arguing that any compromise could be potentially catastrophic for the economy.
in his first public comments since the spat between the rbi and the finance ministry came out in the open, swadeshi ideologue s gurumurthy had last week said the stand-off is not a happy thing at all.
gurumurthy, who was appointed to the board of rbi a few months back, had said the capital adequacy ratio prescribed in india is 1 per cent higher than the global basel norms.
he also pitched for easing lending norms for small and medium enterprises, which account for 50 per cent of the country's gdp.
last month, rss-affiliated swadeshi jagran manch said the rbi governor should work in sync with the government or resign.
the reserve bank of india governor should work in sync with the government or otherwise resign, sjm's co-convener ashwani mahajan had said.
by uninew delhi: the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday clarified that there is sufficient cash in rbi vaults and currency chests.
the rbi clarification came in the wake of reports that there is shortage of currency in many parts of the country and atms have dried up.
the central bank said shortage may be felt in some pockets largely due to logistical issues of replenishing atms frequently and the recalibration of atms being still underway.
rbi is closely monitoring both these aspects, it said in a statement.
however, to meet the shortage of cash, rbi has ramped up printing of notes in all the four presses, it said.
in the last few weeks, many atms have gone dry in states including telangana, andhra pradesh, karnataka, bihar, maharashtra, madhya pradesh and parts of delhi.
the government and rbi officials attributed the shortfall to unusual demand for cash in a few states and instructed banks to improve their cash management.
earlier in the day, finance minister arunjaitley assured that there was more than adequate currency in circulation and plenty was available with banks.
have reviewed the currency situation in the country.
over all there is more than adequate currency in circulation and also available with the banks.
however, as a matter of precaution, rbi is taking steps to move currency to areas which are witnessing unusually large cash withdrawals, the banking regulator added.
an estimated 10-12 percent of the total atms are facing cash crunch.
the government estimates the situation will normalise in the next week.
rbi and government have formed committees in states to ensure adequate stock of currency.
the supply of rs 500 and rs 200 notes will be stepped up in the next few days, officials said.
meanwhile the finance ministry in a statement said there has been unusual spurt in currency demand in the country in last three months.
in the current month, in the first 13 days itself, the currency supply increased by rs. 45000 crore.
this unusual spurt in demand is seen more in some parts of the country like andhra pradesh, telangana, karnataka, mp and bihar,'' the finance ministry said.
the finance ministry said there was adequate stock of currency notes of all denominations, including of rs. 500, 200 and rs. 100 to meet any demand and assured that it would be supplying adequate currency notes to meet even higher levels of demand if such demand were to continue in the coming days/months.
by ptithe proceedings in the lok sabha were adjourned for the second time thursday amid sparring between members from tamil nadu and karnataka over the issue of building a dam on the cauvery river.
amid the uproar, finance minister arunjaitley moved the supplementary demand for grants - the second batch for 2018-19 -- and introduced a bill to further amend the companies act in the 20 minutes the house functioned before being adjourned till 2 pm.
during zero hour, speaker sumitra mahajan allowed aiadmk's p venugopal to raise the issue of karnataka's proposed dam at mekadatu over the cauvery river.
venugopal said the dam will affect lakhs of farmers in tamil nadu, as it will impact availability of water for irrigation purposes.
in response, bjp mp from karnataka prahlad joshi said the dam was essential for the state as it was a drinking water project.
rjd mp jp yadav raised the issue of coins of various denominations not being accepted by banks in bihar.
the house was adjourned as members from tamil nadu and karnataka entered the well holding placards over the cauvery river issue.
congress members were already there demanding a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe into the rafale deal while tdp mps were demanding setting up of a steel plant in andhra pradesh and special category status for the state.
earlier as the house met for the day, the proceedings barely lasted for 10 minutes and mahajan adjourned the house till noon around 11.
10 am.
thursday was the seventh working day of the winter session which saw disruptions and adjournments over the rafale jet seal, special status for andhra pradesh and protests over construction of a dam over cauvery river.
both houses were adjourned for the day on day one of the session on december 11 after paying obituaries to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and some sitting members.
since december 12, proceedings have been marred amid the din.
new delhi: bankers pushed the government to bring in several measures that will ease the pain that the economy is facing post demonetisation during their customary pre-budget meeting on tuesday with finance minister arun jaitley.
among the suggestions were requests to provide tax incentives for senior citizens who would feel the pinch of lower interest rates, and higher capital support for state-owned banks.
banks sought full tax exemption for npa provisioning in view of profitability and demanded a central registry for gst registration for banks with country-wide branches.
post-demonetisation, liquidity in banks has improved.
this may impact saving deposit rates.
this makes senior citizens more vulnerable as their income is adversely affected.
so, some sort of exemption need to be given to them under the income tax act so that they have a decent income through their deposits, the banks demanded, while also pitching for more incentives for digital payments.
there was a need for exempting banking correspondents transactions from service tax, they said.
psu banks, on their part, suggested that there is need for recapitalisation of banks in the current financial year as well as in the next financial year.
banks also pointed out that some sectors needed special attention post demonetisation -- vegetable growers who depend on cash and who cannot hold crop for long as it is perishable, the transport industry in rural india and plantations in south.
bankers also asked the government to pay specific attention to digitising primary agriculture cooperative societies, regional rural banks and cooperative banks to promote digital transactions.
on the agriculture front, banks asked the government to form a krishi udyam nidhi to give a boost to sector-related start-ups and it applications.
nabard would also require a capitalisation of ` 2,500 crore, they said.
meanwhile, arunjaitley pointed out that banks have to think out of the box about what the government can do and what the banks can do, adding that he does not see any serious challenges in structural changes.
by iansnew delhi: the government's move to increase expenditure on food processing, infrastructure, healthcare and rural economy will generate more demand for the fast moving consumer goods (fmcg) sector, said industry players.
the country has been through two muted years of growth after economic reforms like demonetisation and gst (goods and services tax).
hence, from the union budget 2018-19, expectation was to see policies and steps to boost growth, harsha v. agarwal, director, emami, told ians.
infrastructure, education, healthcare and rural economy are the major beneficiaries from this budget, signalling more job creation and spending power in the hands of the largest population which will automatically help the fmcg sector by generating strong demand, agarwal said.
the various measures announced by the government will lead to increase in rural consumption, improve overall rural economy and have a trickling effect on the corporates, according to sanjana desai, head of business development, desai brothers (food division - mother's recipe).
desai brothers owns and manages the brand mother's recipe -- a food company which makes a vast range of pickles, pastes and ready-to-cook mixes.
the union budget 2018-19 is largely positive for fmcg.
as anticipated by the fmcg sector, government's thrust on boosting the rural economy is welcome, said desai.
increased allocation under various schemes such as mnerga (mahatma gandhi national rural employment gurantee act), rural infrastructure and others will not only increase rural income through employment generation by these projects but will also improve connectivity giving a boost to rural/agri businesses, she added.
in the last full budget just presented by finance minster arunjaitley before the 2019 general elections, the government announced that it would spend more on agriculture, livelihood and infrastructure in the rural area and increased funds for crop insurance, rural roads, irrigation besides setting higher targets for farm credit.
with total budgetary outlay of rs 2,01,933 crore for agriculture and rural development, the government has emphasised on development of food processing, dairy and fishery sectors to enhance farmers' income.
the industry players also appreciated the finance minister's move to reduce the corporate tax rate for all companies with turnover of up to rs 250 crore, up from rs 50 crore.
we welcome government's move to reduce corporate tax from 30 per cent to 25 per cent for companies with revenue of up to rs 250 crore.
this initiative will give a boost to company revenue and allow businesses like us to invest more in expansion leading to employment generation, which is a primary focus for the government, said oliver mirza, managing director and ceo, dr oetker india.
dr oetker india is a german packaged food company which acquired the fun foods brand in 2008.
this move will also provide a great stimulus to the government's initiatives like make in india' and startup india'.
tax benefits combined with increased allocation to the food processing sector will give a great impetus to the overall fmcg industry, mirza said.
by iansnew delhi: in the wake of the rs 12,600 crore fraud on state-run punjab national bank (pnb) by accused diamantaire nirav modi and his uncle mehul choksi, the government on tuesday set a deadline of 15 days for public sector banks (psbs) to examine all non-performing assets above rs 50 crore for possible fraud and to identify operational and technical gaps.
announcing this through the finance ministry's twitter handle, financial services secretary rajeev kumar also said that executive directors and chief technological officers of the psbs have to prepare a blueprint for combating increasing risks.
fifteen-day deadline for psbs to take preemptive action and identify gaps/weaknesses to gear up for rising ops and tech risks; to learn from best practices and pinpoint strategies including tech solutions; clear accountability of senior functionaries, kumar tweeted.
the ministry has also directed government-owned banks' managing directors to examine all non-performing assets (npas), or bad loans, above rs 50 crore for possible fraud and if there are any violations of law on money laundering and the foreign exchange management act, kumar said.
psb mds directed to detect bank frauds and consequential wilful default in time and refer cases to cbi.
to examine all npa accounts rs 50cr for possible fraud.
involve ed/dri for pmla/fema/exim violations if any, he said in a separate tweet.
late on monday night, pnb informed stock exchanges that the amount of fraudulent transactions involving the nirav modi scam could go up by over rs 1,300 crore.
in continuation to our filing with stock exchanges on february 14, 2018, we have to inform that quantum of reported unauthorised transactions can increase by $204.
25 million, pnb said in a bombay stock exchange (bse) filing.
in this connection, indian industry has called for better and hi-tech control systems to check financial frauds as also a gradual decrease in government holding in psbs.
the three key solutions for the banking sector are better management and operational efficiencies, use of technology such as blockchain and big data analytics, and lowering government shareholding in public sector banks, cii president shobana kamineni said in a statement here on sunday.
last week, finance minister arunjaitley criticised regulators, as well as bank managements and auditors, for their failure to detect bank frauds saying politicians are accountable but regulators are not.
accumulated gross npas of state-run banks have crossed the staggering level of rs 8.
new delhi: senior congress leader p chidambaram today said had he been the finance minister, he would have resigned from the post if the prime minister insisted on demonetisation.
had the prime minister told me 'i have decided to declare as illegal tenders rs 1,000 and rs 500 currency notes', my advice to him would have been not to do it.
don't take the decision.
i would have given him facts and figures.
but, had he still said 'sorry, this is my decision and i will do it', let me tell you quite candidly, i would have resigned, said the former union finance minister.
he was replying to a question at the delhi literature festival on what would he have done had he been in union finance minister arun jaitley's place.
attacking the government over demonetisation, chidambaram claimed that the move will not meet the objectives of curbing corruption, counterfeit currencies and black marketeering as spelt out by prime minister narendra modi.
however, he added that the only short-term benefits of it would result in people shifting towards digital transactions in the urban areas.
criticising the centre, chidambaram claimed that sufficient information on the ramifications of demonetisation was not provided to the prime minister and added that even the chief economic advisor was not aware of the move.
he said when he held the office of the finance minister, it came to his knowledge that one of his predecessors had constituted a committee on demonetisation, but did not name the predecessor or specify the period.
chidambaram has presented nine union budgets.
the report of the cbdt was against demonetisation.
no one considered demonetisation, he said, adding that similar steps were taken in 1946 and again, in 1978 during morarji desai's regime.
chidambaram said while the demonetisation decision was taken in utmost secrecy, it would be wrong to assume that no one in the opposition could have been taken into confidence.
if you can't consult the opposition, the government should have consulted its own former finance minister yashwant sinha.
it should have asked former prime minister manmohan singh.
a decision of this magnitude ought to be taken at least (in consultation) with sinha and singh, he said.
the congress leader said although the prime minister has asked for 50 days for the situation to ease out, putting the poor under this for 50 days is torture.
if you take away the livelihood of the poor for 50 days.
.
.
there is a dimension to every economic decision the government takes as well as ethical and political dimensions.
some decisions may be inherently good, but if they are ethically or morally sad, then the governments oblige by not taking such decisions.
if you have taken a decision, which has virtually driven a large number of people to borrow money, then it's completely unethical, immoral, chidambaram said.
the congress leader said merely opposing the government's demonetisation decision did not make him or his party supporters of black money.
he said somebody should have told the prime minister that you cannot withdraw 86 per cent of the currency notes (from circulation) overnight and not infuse the number of notes in a few days.
i don't think the prime minister was told that the two high denomination notes accounted for 86 per cent of the cash in circulation.
i don't think he was told that you would be withdrawing 2,300 crore notes, but the capacity of the printing press is 300 crore per month and it will take seven months to match up to that figure, said the former union finance minister.
by ptinew delhi: inflationary impact due to the proposed hike in minimum support price (msp) for crops is likely to be moderate as the ruling market prices are higher in many cases, says a report.
according to bank of america merrill lynch (bofaml), inflation risks are overdone and though inflation will climb to 5.
4 per cent in the june quarter, it would be largely owing to base effects.
although the market is spooked by the announced increase in msp prices, the actual inflationary impact is likely to be far more moderate, as the ruling market prices are higher in many cases, bofaml said in a research note.
it further added that we do not see much inflationary impact from the higher customs duty on mobile handsets, tv panels, processed food.
on the reserve bank's policy stance the report said, a rate cut is likely in august as the mpc will want to wait for good rains, like 2017, given the added uncertainty about agflation.
the reserve bank in its fifth bi-monthly review of this fiscal kept repo rate unchanged at 6 per cent and reverse repo at 5.
75 per cent while raising the inflation forecast for the remainder of 2017-18 to 4.
3-4.
7 per cent.
the report further noted that the government will breach his fiscal deficit target of 3.
3 per cent of gdp by 20 bps, to 3.
5 per cent, in 2018-19, in the run-up to the 2019 polls.
this (fiscal slippage) will largely be driven by lower than-budgeted telecom proceeds, as well as tax collections, it added.
finance minister arunjaitley projected 3.
3 per cent fiscal deficit for the next fiscal.
besides, the fiscal deficit estimate for 2017-18 has been re-calibrated to 3.
5 per cent as against 3.
2 per cent of the budget estimate for that year.
by online deskassociation of democratic reforms in its latest report has said that political parties received more than 50 per cent of funds from unknown sources.
interestingly, 80 per cent of these funds from unknown sources went to the ruling bjp.
source: adrnational parties namely bhartiya janta party, congress, bahujan samaj party, nationalist congress party, all india trinamool congress, and the communist party of india were included in the analysis.
all the parties received rs 8721.
14 crore put together from unknown sources between fiscal 2004-05 and 2017-18.
the largest chunk of rs 533 crore was received by the ruling bjp for the fiscal year 2017-18.
the report says that this amounts to 80 per cent of the total donations received by all the other political parties (rs 689.
44 crore).
the underlining fact here is that the money accounts for 53.
8  of the donations received by the saffron party which received over rs 1000 crore in donations.
the major chunk of about 31 per cent or rs 215 crore of these unknown funds has come from the electoral bonds.
all of these were received by the bjp.
the electoral bonds scheme of political donations was introduced by the finance minister arunjaitley while presenting the budget of fiscal year 2017-18.
in the same budget, the cap on the declaration for cash donations was reduced from rs 20,000 to rs 2000.
according to the i-t act, all the political parties are allowed to avoid declaring the sources of the funds received in cash if the amount is below rs 2000.
this report, however, has considered the previous limit of rs 20000.
the interesting factor here is that cpi received no voluntary donations below rs 20000.
according to the adr, the i-t returns filed by the political parties is the only source for knowing their income sources, apart from that acquired by the sale of moveable and immovable assets, old newspapers, membership fees, delegate fee, bank interest, the sale of publications.
kanu sarda byexpress news servicenew delhi: in a landmark judgment with wide ranging ramifications for the centre and the cbi, the supreme court on tuesday reinstated the probe agencys director alok verma but restrained him from taking major policy decisions till a high-powered committee takes a call on the alleged charges of corruption against him that are being probed by the central vigilance commission (cvc).
setting aside the governments order divesting verma of his powers as the cbi director and sending him on leave, a bench headed by chief justice of india ranjan gogoi said protection to the cbi director under the delhi special police establishment (dspe) act was absolute.
under the dspe act, there was no provision for interim suspension or removal of the cbi director, the sc pointed out, adding any change can be made only by the selection committee comprising the prime minister, the chief justice of india and the leader of opposition in the lok sabha.
also read: narendra modi exposed for destroying cbi, says congress on alok verma's reinstatementvermas two-year term ends on january 31.
while he cannot take any major policy decision for now, there is no bar on him registering any preliminary enquiry, and carrying forward investigations into ongoing cases, including filing of chargesheets.
congress president rahul gandhi is hoping verma will use this wriggle room to open probe into the rafale deal.
the cbi chief was ousted at 1 am because he was about to begin a probe into the rafale deal.
he has been reinstated.
lets see what happens now, he said.
finance minister arunjaitley called the verdict balanced, saying the centres decision to send verma and his deputy rakesh asthana on leave based on the cvcs report.
vermas fate lies in the hands of the panel comprising prime minister narendra modi, the cji, and leader of the opposition in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge, which has been directed by the sc to decide within a week if the allegations against him need a full probe.
if the committee rules in favour of verma, he will retire with his honour intact.
else, he can be investigated and, if found guilty, will face serious consequences.
the 44-page judgment was authored by the cji but was pronounced by justice s k kaul as gogoi was on leave on tuesday.
no fresh initiativethe role of alok kumar verma as the director, cbi during the interregnum and in terms of this order will be confined only to the exercise of the ongoing routine functions without any fresh initiative, having no major policy or institutional implications, the verdict saidspeaking of the cbi directors independence, the court said, an in-depth consideration of the matter leaves us with no doubt that the clear legislative intent in bringing the aforesaid provisions to the statute book are for the purpose of ensuring complete insulation of the office of the director, cbi, from all kinds of extraneous influences, as may be, as well as for upholding the integrity and independence of the institution of the cbi as a whole.
the long history of evolution has shown that the institution of the cbi has been perceived to be necessarily kept away from all kinds of extraneous influences so that it can perform its role as the premier investigating and prosecuting agency without any fear and favour and in the best public interest, the sc said.
bhubaneswar: chief minister on wednesday left for new delhi on a day's visit to meet foreign envoys and seek their presence in the upcoming 'make in odisha' conclave in the state beginning from november 30.
the cm will seek cooperation from ambassadors of different countries to make the proposed conclave a success.
earlier, the cm had invited union finance minister arunjaitley to attend the plenary session of 'make in odisha' conclave in the city on december 1.
'make in odisha', an ambitious initiative by the state government, is similar to the nda government's 'make in india' programme aimed at attracting investment for creating job opportunities in the state.
finance minister arunjaitley (l) and world bank president jim yong kim (r) take the stage for a panel discussion at the annual meetings of the imf and world bank group in washington.
jaitley said the move would enable businesses with annual turnover of 20 million rupees ($294,000) to save up to 30 percent in tax payments.
since prime minister narendra modi's shock move last month to scrap old 500 and 1,000 rupee notes, new delhi has taken a raft of measures to encourage cashless transactions.
earlier this month, it announced incentives including discounts of between 0.
75 percent to 10 percent on digital payments for purchases of petrol, diesel and insurance products from state-run companies.
the government last week also unveiled two lucky draw schemes to reward poor and middle-class consumers and small businesses for conducting cashless transactions.
modi's shock currency replacement programme is aimed at flushing out cash earned through illegal activities, or earned legally but never disclosed.
however, the decision has sucked 86 percent of india's currency out of circulation, leaving companies, farmers and households all suffering.
nine in 10 indians live in the cash economy and many lack the smartphones and bank accounts they need to go cashless.
new delhi: universal minimum wage for all industries and workers, including those getting monthly pay higher than rs 18,000, would soon be a reality, according to senior officials.
the proposed code on wages providing for these pro- worker provisions is likely to be placed before the cabinet this month for approval so that it could be pushed for passage in the forthcoming monsoon session of parliament, they said.
the ministerial panel on labour issues headed by finance minister arunjaitley has already approved the code on wages.
it has already been sent to the law ministry for vetting after which it would be placed before the cabinet for approval, a source said.
the labour ministry is keen to push the bill for passage in the next session of the parliament expected to begin next month, he said.
the wage code bill seeks to empower the centre to set a minimum wage across all sectors in the country and states will have to maintain that.
however, states will be able to provide for higher minimum wage in their jurisdiction than fixed by the central government.
besides, the minimum wage would be applicable on all classes of workers.
at present, it is applicable for scheduled industries or establishments in the law.
similarly, the universal minimum wage would be applicable for all workers irrespective of their pay.
at present, the minimum wage rates fixed by the centre and states are applicable to workers getting up to rs 18,000 monthly pay.
the proposed code on wages will subsume the minimum wages act of 1948, the payment of wages act of 1936, the payment of bonus act of 1965 and the equal remuneration act of 1976.
the labour ministry is in the process of condensing 44 labour laws into four codes-- wages, industrial relations, social security and safety, health and working conditions.
last week, gst crossed the final hurdle with states arriving at a consensus on the classification of goods and services and their rate structure.
the move came days before modi sarkars third birthday bash.
this is also finance minister arunjaitley shot at history, not because gst is the single-most powerful economic reform india has seen, but because its a classic case of cooperative federalism with the centre and states having an equal dialogue.
gsts implementation will be watched with an eagle eye for any sign of flakiness and observers will jump the gun to criticise it even at the slightest variation in any of the data points.
it's important to remember that gsts success can be measured based on its impact on consumption, production, inflation, tax revenue and compliance, not in the first, second or third quarter, but beyond that.
enough care has been taken on both goods and services to ensure inflationary pressure can be contained.
whether effective rates and pricing on end products and services smacks of socialism, or is a gift to the wealthiest will be known later, whats critical is how these rates will be passed on and how exactly it influences consumption and thereby production.
for instance, though economy class airfare is taxed lower, that in itself may not add more passengers.
gst is also a gamble on economic growth.
in a sense, it's the fairy dust that can make all the bad stuff, like poverty, vanish.
its a potent tool that can inject perennial economic growth making tax revenue robust.
but first, tax compliance is an area that needs work, as a large part of the informal sector fly under the tax radar.
eliminating under-reporting will also be a challenge.
gsts success will be evident from the increase in tax-to-gdp ratio, but for more tax invoices, businesses need sufficient information and time to realign their reporting systems.
in the short term, success can be measured based on the chaos, confusion and failures and their effective rectification, not the lack of them.
by iansnew delhi: the rajya sabha was on friday adjourned for the day amid ruckus over the government order to give central investigative agencies and the delhi police sweeping powers to intercept computers.
as soon as the house reassembled at 2.
30 p.
m after an earlier adjournment, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad raised the issue of interception order issued by the union home ministry on thursday.
his party colleague anand sharma also joined in raising the issue.
intervening amidst protests and slogan shouting by opposition members on the issue, finance minister arunjaitley accused the congress of playing with the security of the country and making a mountain where even a mole hill does not exist.
read | snooping row: previous upa government made authorisation rules says arun jaitleyhe said that the government had only repeated the same order of authorisation that was existing since 2009.
as per the thursday's order, 10 agencies including the intelligence bureau, raw and the delhi police, can intercept, monitor and decrypt any information generated, transmitted, received or stored in any computer resource under the information and technology act, 2000.
to this congress leader ghulam nabi azad said that he has a copy of the order of the ministry of home affairs and added that nowhere in the order national security has been mentioned.
jaitley replied: it (national security) is mentioned in section 69.
.
.
and you are playing with the security of the country.
that is what you have done just now.
this led to heated exchange between the opposition and treasury benches.
deputy chairman harivansh pleaded to the members to restore order in the house.
as both sides refused to relent, the chair adjourned the house for the day.
by ptinew delhi: terming aadhaar as a game changer, finance minister arunjaitley sunday said savings made through its implementation can fund three public welfare schemes of the magnitude of ayushman bharat -- the ambitious healthcare programme to provide free hospitalisation to millions of poor people.
he also attributed the successful implementation of aadhaar to the decisive leadership of prime minister narendra modi, saying the congress-led upa remained half-hearted towards it because of its own contradictions and indecision.
the digital dividend report prepared by the world bank estimates that india can save rs 77,000 crore every year by the use of aadhaar, he said.
the savings through aadhaar can fund three schemes of the size of ayushman bharat.
watch | internet 2018: news and privacy without 'aadhaar'ayushman bharat - pradhan mantri jan aarogya yojana aims to provide coverage of rs 5 lakh per family annually, benefiting more than 10.
74 crore poor families for secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation through a network of empanelled healthcare providers.
since its launch in september, nearly 7 lakh poor patients have been provided free hospital treatment.
jaitley said the upa, because of its contradictions and indecision, remained half-hearted about aadhaar.
instead of taking credit for it, congress lawyers challenged it in court and appeared as the anti-technology, anti-aadhaar faces.
a decisive prime minister made it possible, he said.
the total amount of subsidy transferred through aadhaar now equals rs 1,69,868 crore.
with the elimination of middlemen, the benefits go directly to the bank accounts.
this is a unique technology implemented only in india.
since the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) bill was passed in 2016, in the last 28 months over 122 crore aadhaar numbers have been issued.
about 99 per cent of the adult population of india above the age of 18 stands covered.
he said 22.
80 crores pahal and ujjwala beneficiaries are given cooking gas subsidies through direct benefit transfer (dbt) in their aadhaar-linked bank accounts.
jaitley said 58.
24 crore ration card holders stand linked and 10.
33 crore mgnrega cardholders get wage payment through dbt in their bank accounts.
so do the 1.
93 crore beneficiaries of the national social assistance programme.
the income tax department has already linked 21 crore pan card holders with their aadhaar numbers.
a total of 2,579 crore authentications have been undertaken to date.
every day, 2.
7 crore authentications are done.
uidai has the capacity of 10 crore transactions to be authenticated per day.
in most schemes, the direct benefit transfer takes place to the beneficiaries' 63.
52 crore bank accounts that had been linked with the unique identity as on december 15, 2018.
the total number of subsidy transactions through aadhaar is almost about 425 crore.
jaitley said a senior minister in the upa government blocked the idea of unique identity number (uid) conceived by nandan nilekani and it was a divided house.
the prime minister was indecisive.
the enrolment continued, though at a very moderate pace, he said.
it was only a decisive prime minister narendra modi who decided to go ahead with the idea of aadhaar after the formation of the nda government in may 2014, he added.
the nda government re-examined the issue and the legislation was completely changed.
the pith and substance of the new law was that government spends a large part of the public resources in subsidising the poor.
this subsidy became an indefinite amount which is given to an unidentified section of the people.
there are several cases of duplication and thus the unique identity based on biometrics would eliminate these aberrations and relief would travel only to the intended.
this was the thrust of the new law, he said.
jaitley said the supreme court upheld the whole concept of unique identity and rejected the challenge that it violated the right to privacy.
it held that aadhaar meets the concept of constitutional trust, limited government and good governance and empowers marginalised section of society.
it also introduced several safeguards to ensure that it is not misused.
two individuals deserve special credit for aadhaar, the minister said.
shri nandan nilekani, who started it and dr ajay bhushan pandey, who subsequently provided it with the direction and expansion.
he masterminded the government strategy to repel the legal challenge, arunjaitley added.
chandigarh: punjab congress president capt amarinder singh on wednesday formally handed over his resignation, which he had earlier sent by mail on november 11, to lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
amarinder met the speaker at her office in parliament house in delhi in the afternoon to submit his resignation as the member of the 16th lok sabha in the requisite proforma, and verbally conveyed to her that he had resigned over the satlej-yamuna-link (syl) canal issue.
he told the speaker that the decision was made in the wake of the supreme court verdict on the syl issue, as a mark of solidarity with the people of punjab.
amarinder had resigned within minutes of the supreme court announcing the verdict in the syl case, while party mlas had en masse quit their assembly seats on the issue.
amarinder had won the lok sabha elections in 2014 from amritsar by defeating senior bjp leader and now union finance minister arunjaitley by a margin of over one lakh votes.
a few days back, union minister of food processing industry harsimrat kaur badal had hit at amarinder over his `sham resignation as a cheap gimmick, she had said, it is good that amarinder has owned up to the fact that he had forwarded a sham resignation on e-mail and that he had been asked to submit the same in the correct format which he had failed to do.
it did not even take you an hour after the apex court verdict on the presidential reference to announce you were resigning as an mp.
but you have failed to submit your resignation to the lok sabha speaker despite being in delhi for quite some time during this period, she said.
the day the supreme had announced the syl verdict terminating the punjab termination of agreements act, amarinder announced his resignation along with 42 congress mlas, handing over the resignations to the secretary of the punjab assembly in the absence of the speaker.
meanwhile, alleging total failure of the union government in the brutal border killing of three soldiers, one of whom was badly mutilated, amarinder warned that the nda government could again try to whip up war hysteria by deliberately not doing anything to prevent such incidents.
referring to the vicious killing of the soldiers at the line of control (loc), amarinder said that attempts were afoot to create war hysteria at the borders once again.
he demanded the immediate sacking of defence minister manohar parrikar over the issue, even as he pointed out that the incident had exposed bjp president amit shahs lies that the countrys borders were safe under the narendra modi rule.
the governments refusal to address such issues at a serious level also showed that it was again trying to escalate border tensions to trigger a fresh wave of war hysteria ahead of the assembly elections in five states, he added.
amarinder called upon the central government to immediately take up the issue with islamabad with a stern warning to back off immediately or face serious consequences.
if not nipped in the bud, such incidents will continue to demoralise our soldiers, with disastrous results for the country, he added.
reiterating that immediate diplomatic talks at bilateral and international level was the only solution to the repeated assault on indias borders and the vicious attacks on its soldiers, amarinder blamed the situation on the defence ministry, led by parrikar, who he said had failed to protect the countrys borders despite his tall claims to the contrary.
there has been no diplomatic effort to resolve the border issue at all in recent months, with the nda government only interested in weakening the border further to expose it to such incidents in order to whip up passions and gain political mileage, he said.
sunitha natti byexpress news servicehyderabad: ironical, but the government never conducted a study or an audit to identify the gains from demonetisation (demo), the harum-scarum move which jolted all of the countrys 1.
3 billion people two years ago.
it was criticized by several economists, both within the country and abroad, for causing an upheaval in the economy and for dragging growth by 1-2 per cent.
in fact, in the first quarter of fy17, growth fell with a giant thud to 5.
7 per cent.
the government, though, persisted with saying that the unprecedented currency reform did deliver.
just recently, there have been drumbeats about how demo, together with gst, helped increase the tax base (direct and indirect) and tax compliance, particularly among personal tax collections.
however, its now revealed that there has been no effort by the government to authenticate the benefits earned out of the slapdash currency reform.
finance minister arunjaitley , in a written reply to rajya sabha, informed as much on monday.
according to rbi, notes in circulation grew at an average 14.
51 per cent annually since october, 2014.
sans demo, at 14 per cent growth rate, notes in circulation would have been rs 23,418.
24 billion as on november, 2018, but stood at rs 19,850.
09 billion as on november, 23.
in terms of gdp, notes in circulation fell from 11.
63 per cent in fy17 to 10.
63 per cent in fy18.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday admitted that the disruption from demonetisation of old high denomination notes and the cash crunch that has followed will continue for a while.
according to arunjaitley , the cash crunch will ease only after december 30 and the disruption to the economy and growth will likely extend to a quarter or so.
however, he added that once the disruption is over, the benefits from both the demonetisation and the rollout of the gst will be huge.
when you switch over, it creates disruption, he pointed out while speaking at an event in the city, i dont see disruption lasting too long.
you may see the impact for a quarter or so.
then when you look at next 12-15 quarters, its certainly going to benefit.
jaitley also went on to cite a few economic trends post demonetisation, including rabi sowing this season being higher than last year and noting that auto sales have been a mixed bag.
the finance minister pointed out that the indian economys high growth curve over the past two years will be retained and it would keep the tag of the fastest growing large economy.
this year too, india would probably remain the fastest growing economy, he said.
demonetisation is the new normal confronting black money, which was a norm in india for seven decades, arunjaitley said, adding that the move would also ensure that political funding becomes transparent.
we are at the cusp of change and the battle between the taxman and the people who try to beat the system will continue, he warned.
by ptinew delhi: the government on wednesday rejected a demand in the lok sabha for a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) to probe the alleged scam in rafale jet deal.
hitting back at the congress president rahul gandhi, who alleged a scam in the fighter jet deal, finance minister arunjaitley said as the supreme court has already satisfied its conscience on the issue, there was no need for a jpc.
his speech was disrupted by continuous protests from the congress members, some of whom were seen throwing paper planes, drawing the speaker's admonition.
are you still kids, an angry speaker sumitra mahajan said.
jaitley said perhaps the congress members were throwing paper planes in the memory of euro fighter, which was also in the race along with rafale.
jaitley said the congress felt that since its hands are already soaked in corruption, it decided to manufacture a lie to defame the modi government which has a clean record.
he also claimed that the jpc is a partisan body which cannot investigate fairly.
he said there was no point in accepting demand for a jpc by a party which is already embroiled in bofors corruption case.
the finance minister noted that the price of 'bare aircraft' has been revealed and that the price of 'weaponised' version cannot be told as it would help india's adversaries.
he also asserted that the bare aircraft was nine per cent cheaper than the one negotiated by the upa and the weaponised version was 20 per cent cheaper.
targeting the congress, he also said that conspirators of past defence scams are now raising fingers at the narendra modi government and quoted the supreme court judgement to say that all charges have been negated.
there are some people who have a natural dislike for truth.
every word spoken for the last six months on this subject, including in this house (by them) are false.
he said gandhi has a natural dislike for truth and had earlier manufactured his conversation with former french president, which was denied by the french government.
we are all utterly disappointed because every word he has said has been denied by the supreme court.
when the supreme court speaks on an issue, it is the last word, the finance minister said.
he asserted that nobody here can be entitled enough to challenge the supreme court's verdict.
targeting the gandhi family, he said some people and families understand arithmatic of money but cannot comprehend issues of national security.
the finance minister also raised agustawestland, national herald cases and made a veiled reference to ottavio quattrocchi to attack congress leadership.
jaitley, who briefly held the defence portfolio, said tender for buying aircraft was floated in 2007 during upa regime and dassault manufacturer of the rafale aircraft was found the l1 (lowest bidder).
by aninew delhi: tabled in parliament on monday by finance minister arunjaitley , the economic survey has estimated that the indian economy will grow by 7-7.
5 percent in 2018-19, re-establishing india as the worlds fastest-growing major economy.
every budget rides high on the expectations of taxpayers and the finance minister has a challenging task of balancing tax cuts and increased revenues and heres what india inc expects from budget 2018:considering the governments vision to achieve housing for all by 2022, we believe affordable housing development requires a long-term perspective supported by easy home finance at very affordable interest rates.
it is therefore, the honourable finance minister must offer sizeable support to the urban middle-class population in terms of higher limits of exemption on home loans in the budget 2018-19.
the housing finance companies like us have a key role to play in boosting the governments efforts towards affordable and low-cost housing in metros as well as in tier-ii and iii cities, said monu ratra, ed and ceo, india infoline housing finance limited.
for the real estate sector, long pending demand of its recognition as industry, increase in tax rebate limit and single window clearance are among key expectations of the leaders.
getamber anand, chairman, credai and cmd, ats infrastructure ltd. said, the real estate opportunity to boost gdp mustnt be missed by the finance ministry in this budget.
we expect government to increase the exemption limits for deduction of interest from the income of the middle class and salaried homebuyer.
also the interest rates must further be rationalised as must tax rates as the burden is ultimately passed onto the consumer.
he further elaborated, on the supply side, we respect the changes that the government brought in last year into the sector by giving it infrastructure status for affordable housing, but rbi has not given any directions to the banks per se on reducing cost of capital for projects which qualify as infrastructure.
also under section 80 ib, the push for smaller houses is welcome but we have requested the government to increase the size from 30 and 60 sq.
m.
to 60 and 90 sq.
m.
because this is a practical size which is even aspirationally more attractive to the homebuyer.
also for smaller towns the condition that 80 percent of fsi must be achieved is not practical and should be reduced to about 50 percent.
having said that we are very hopeful that the government in its wisdom like last year will bring in some new exciting announcements for the real estate sector this year too, he added.
we expect the honourable finance minister will announce increased tax rebate limit, so that the consumers may find more disposable income to buy their chosen dream homes.
he should also give a sympathetic ear to the long pending demand of introducing single window clearance system in this budget to help the developers fulfil their promises to home buyers and ensure timely delivery of projects.
we also expect the government to grant industry status to real estate sector to facilitate ease of doing business and access to construction loan at a cheaper cost.
at solitaire group we aim to develop a slew of international quality residential projects and industry status, if granted, will surely become instrumental in turning our dreams into reality, said arjunpreet singh sahni, executive director, solitaire group.
pankaj kumar jain, managing director, kw group said, we have a lot of expectations from this years budget as the real estate sector is completely marred by rising input cost and week buying sentiments.
we expect the honourable finance minister to announce a specific mechanism to regulate the cost of key raw materials like cement and steel to help the industry produce affordable housing units for the masses.
such an announcement will also strengthen the spirit of housing for all initiative.
we also demand that the government should immediately grant industry status to the real estate sector and open new avenues of financial support for the developers.
we expect finance minister to recognise real estate as an industry in the upcoming budget since it stands as a major contributor in economical growth of the country by providing employment to millions and supporting various ancillary industries.
this would certainly have a bearing on overall project costs since developers would be able to raise funds at lower rates and cut down on capital costs, eventually bringing solidity to the realty segment and turning gois dream of housing for all by 2022 a reality soon.
single-window clearance and cheaper home loans would be a blessings to revive the stagnant growth and to lure homebuyers to invest in this sector, added o p agarwal, cmd, sir group.
there is a crying need for opening new avenues of financial support from the government in this budget to effectively manage the overall resources in a manner to enhance productivity using innovative technologies.
the indian manufacturing sector is already on the cusp of growth led by innovation and we look forward to a slew of strategic announcements in the budget for the year 2018-19, so that the industry may realise its full potential soon.
in a nutshell, we are looking forward to an industry-friendly budget with designated funds allocated to accentuate the growth of the industry over the coming years, said nitin aggarwal, ceo, prayag india.
with the governments continuous push towards speedy initiation of it, digitisation and various technology-driven initiatives, we are very positive about the upcoming union budget 2018-19.
industry friendly moves like the simplification of customs procedures and relief in gst rates are among our key expectations.
we would also hope that in this budget the government will take the spirit of make in india several notches higher by introducing efficient policies to promote domestic manufacturing of future-proof technological it products.
said lalit chaturvedi, asst.
v.p. marketing, kyocera document solutions india.
maneesh mathur, vp - sales and marketing, king koil said, we expect this years budget to benefit consumer at large by rationalisation of personal income tax slabs so to increase purchasing capacity of indian families and encourage them to invest in lifestyle products also which eventually affects the way they live and even sleep.
currently, cost of living is highly accentuated by rising inflation hence tax relaxation and more money available with the people would stimulate demand for industries, ultimately furnishing a boost to economical growth of the country.
arush gupta, director, okaya said,we expect the upcoming union budget 2018-19 will surely drive the next wave of growth in water purifiers and power back-up industry which is keenly awaiting conducive business environment to unleash its full potential.
union budget 2018-19 should also continue the subsidy on lead acid batteries.
we wish the honourable finance minister would offer a wide range of benefits in this budget to those manufacturers who are following all the rules and regulations.
the healthcare sector has also pinned high hopes on the upcoming budget, as siddharth gupta, md, hicks india said, we expect government to re-look at gst rates on medical devices since currently it is pegged at 12 percent which could affect the overall cost structure of the healthcare sector and even a minor relief may result in delivery of affordable healthcare services to the wider population.
also, some basic products like thermometers and hot water bottles should be moved to tax slab of 5 from 18 percent.
we expect the union budget 2018-19 will have provisions of bringing relief to the international level condom manufacturers like us, so that the consumers can be benefitted by affordable pricing of our most impressive product portfolio developed through extensive research into their preferences and needs, said anupam ghosh, director, anondita healthcare limited.
with the ambitious make in india movement gaining momentum, india is well poised to become a leading manufacturing hub and exporter to the entire world.
haji kamruddin, managing director, servokon systems limited said, we are expecting a booster dose of reform-oriented policies in this years budget.
we also expect the government to stress more on improving the ease of doing business which will further help build investor confidence in the manufacturing sector.
as the industry is currently struggling to cope with the reduced consumer demand, we also expect favourable change in the income tax slabs and rates leading to more disposable income in the hands of the consumers to spur consumption, said sunil jain, director, baltra home products.
echoing similar sentiments, rakesh zutshi, president, electric lamp and component manufacturers association of india (elcoma) and managing director, halonix technologies pvt.
ltd. said, we expect the government to support the growth of led manufacturing in india by providing major tax incentives, besides announcing a couple of favourable policies in the upcoming union budget 2018-19.
in order to fulfil the vision of make in india, such encouraging measures are urgently required.
at elcoma, we have successfully travelled a long way fulfilling our mission to promote and develop co-operation among the manufactures of electric lamps and components with simultaneously endeavoring to transform india into a global manufacturing hub of superior, but economical led products.
he concluded.
new delhi: with turf issue over tax payer jurisdiction continuing to clog gst council deliberations, the goods and services tax rollout could be delayed by a quarter to july 1 as industry would require time to prepare itself, experts said.
the council, chaired by finance minister arunjaitley , in its six meetings so far has taken unanimous decisions on 10 issues while three more -- dual control, list of items in tax bracket and model cgst and igst laws -- are still pending.
pwc india executive director sumit lunker said the april 1 rollout deadline seems challenging, as the cgst and igst laws can be passed only in the budget session in early february.
thereafter, states will have to pass the sgst law in their assemblies.
after the law is passed, industry would need at least 3-4 months time to be gst ready, especially on the it infrastructure front.
most it companies would come out with their patches and updates after the final law is crystallised.
july 1 appears to be a more feasible date for implementation, he said.
nangia & co director (indirect taxation) rajat mohan said july 1 looks like the best case scenario for gst implementation as by then the industry will also be able to migrate into the new taxation regime.
bmr & associates llp partner mahesh jaising said there would be a lot of clockwork needed to meet the april 1 deadline.
the realistic timeline appears july 1.
as of today, services sector has some confusion over interpretation of the law and is awaiting clarity from government.
jaitley had last week said that certain turf issues still remain to be sorted out before gst rollout and the new indirect tax regime can be implemented anytime between april 1 and september 16, 2017.
gst is a transactional tax and not an income tax.
transactional tax can start in any part of the financial year and therefore, the range of timing when it has to come into force because of constitutional necessity is april 1, 2017 to september 16, 2017.
as far as the model gst law is concerned, lunker said, there is no big challenge in passing it as the gst council has already cleared discussion on 20 chapters and only 7 chapters remain.
while the issue of dual control remains unresolved till date, state governments across the country are keen to implement gst at the earliest.
i am hopeful that the gst council in its december 22-23 meeting will arrive at a consensus on the pending issues, he said.
deloitte haskins & sells llp partner prashant deshpande said practically april 1 deadline looks unachievable because of the short window of time that will be available to the industry after the gst related legislations are passed.
it will be a big tug of war to implement it from april and my advice to industry is that they should keep themselves prepared to ensure business continuity, he said.
there have been reports of currency shortage in at least six states -- gujarat, eastern maharashtra, madhya pradesh, bihar, andhra pradesh and telangana.
read here | atms reported 'out of service' in many states; people face cash crunchjaitley said in a tweet that he has reviewed the currency situation in the country.
overall there is more than adequate currency in circulation and also available with the banks.
have reviewed the currency situation in the country.
over all there is more than adequate currency in circulation and also available with the banks.
the temporary shortage caused by sudden and unusual increase in some areas is being tackled quickly.
the government has set up state-wise committee and rbi has also formed a committee to transfer currency from one state to other because for money transfer you need the permission of the rbi.
it (the shortage) will be solved in 2-3 days, shukla said.
rbi report show that the currency in circulation in the country has reached the pre-demonetisation level of about rs 17 lakh crore.
new delhi: even while the parliament remains in a gridlock, the government appears reconciled to the idea of the demonetization agitation playing out for a while.
hoping that fatigue may set in the opposition camp soon, the government is considering various options for a breakthrough on the logjam.
the bjp has begun marshalling support among its mps with briefings by the top ministers in a batch of 40 on the decision taken by the government to denotify old high denomination currencies in a bid to counter the propaganda of the opposition.
after the former prime minister manmohan singh launched scathing attack on government with accusation of monumental mismanagement, union finance minister arunjaitley in a counter attack wondered that those who ran the government between 2004-14, which presided over scams and scandals, is calling demonetization a blunder.
jaitely, while speaking to reporters and flanked by a number of union ministers  ananth kumar, prakash javdekar, mukhtar abbas naqvi, jeetendra singh, claimed that the opposition was taken in by surprise with the prime minister in the house.
the opposition was not prepared for discussion on demonetization.
they are manufacturing and inventing reasons to avoid discussion.
i am doubtful that the opposition will allow discussion in the house for a while, said jaitely.
taking a potshot at the former prime minister, jaitely said: those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder.
the nda floor managers claimed that after the opposition holds public protest early next week there would be window for a breakthrough in the ongoing impasse.
the government is also watching out the rollout of demonetization and in the coming days the inconveniences to the people should ease out to some extent, sources in the government said.
meanwhile, the lok sabha continued to witness pandemonium.
the firozabad lok sabha mp of the samajwadi party akshay yadav tore papers at the speakers table during the ruckus.
the speaker sumitra mahajan the mp terming his act a disorderly act.
meanwhile, the bjp mps in a batch of 40 began getting briefings and talking points on demonetization to counter the claims of the opposition.
the parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar is presiding over the meeting, which is being attended by senior ministers in the cabinet.
this could imply that train fares would go up after the budget is presented on february 1.
jaitley also strongly pitched for outsourcing of non-core functions like hospitality services.
railways got caught in a battle where populism prevailed over performance.
unless performance is strengthened, it will lose out to competition from other sectors like highways and airlines in both passenger and cargo transportation.
we turned this whole theory upside down by a self-imposed indiscipline that populism requires, that i require, that consumers do not pay for services that they receive.
therefore any establishment will start crumbling under its own weight and contradictions, he said.
new delhi: terming as black day in lok sabha the passage of taxation bill amidst din without debate, opposition parties today accused the government of being undemocratic and dictatorial and hinted at approaching the president on the issue.
the government, however, blamed the opposition for not participating in the debate and said it was tragic that the bill had to be passed in the din.
it asserted that the measure had to be passed for the welfare of the poor and country and cannot wait for those who are unable to digest the action against black money and corruption.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge said, we want that income tax amendment act should come through the rules.
the amendments proposed by the opposition mps and leaders should also be kept in mind before taking the assent from the president.
revolutionary socialist party said that it is contemplating to take up the issue with president pranab mukherjee.
the government has been totally undemocratic, dictatorial, authoritarian in passing such an important bill without discussion amidst din.
it has taken advantage of the superior numbers to avoid discussion.
it is unfortunate that we did not get any relief from the chair.
i had written to the speaker (lok sabha) in the morning that this bill should not be allowed to be passed in the din.
but what we apprehended happened.
inspite of all of our protest, this bill was passed.
the very purpose of the bill was sort of defeated, said saugata roy tmc mp.
amid din, a bill which seeks to tax money deposited in banks post demonetization was passed in the lok sabha today within minutes without any debate.
roy said that the government is stubbornly sticking to its stand that there will be no discussion but we (opposition) are all together and we will continue to press for discussion under a rule which entails voting.
cpi(m) leader mohammad salim said that it is a black day in the history of lok sabha and an undeclared emergency.
it is not a fight against blackmoney but rewarding black money hoarders, he alleged.
last month, india tweaked its laws to help tackle a record $150 billion in troubled bank debt.
the government has authorised the central bank to direct banks to initiate an insolvency resolution process in the case of a default under provisions of the bankruptcy code.
an rbi deputy governor, n.s. vishwanathan, said last week the central bank has decided to focus on a few large stressed accounts and an internal advisory panel will guide which of those would be referred to the ibc.
sectors such as iron and steel and power account for the biggest chunk of soured loans for india's banks.
the bulk of the stressed assets are held by 21 lenders majority-owned by the government.
a jump in provisioning has caused to many of the state-run lenders to report losses.
their weak financials and loss of market share to private sector lenders has revived calls for a consolidation of state-run banking sector to create a smaller number of bigger and nimbler banks.
state-run banks made a net profit of 5.
74 billion rupees ($89.
the banks had reported a net loss of 179.
93 billion rupees in the year which ended in march 2016, compared with a net profit of 378.
23 billion rupees the previous financial year, according to government data.
mumbai: the benchmark bse sensex dropped by 248 points in early trade today due to profit booking by investors amid weak asian cues.
brokers said prime minister narendra modi favouring increasing tax contribution from various market participants in a fair, efficient and transparent way, too triggered selling in early trade.
the 30-share barometer declined by 248.
45 points, or 0.
95 per cent, to 25,792.
25 with all the sensex constituents trading in the red.
the index had gained 61.
10 points to settle at 26,040.
70 points in the last session.
all sectoral indices led by metal, infrastructure, banking and psu fell up to 1.
03 per cent.
the nse nifty was also trading lower by 79.
20 points, or 0.
99 per cent, at 7,906.
55.
the prime minister last week favoured increasing the tax contribution from various market participants in a fair, efficient and transparent way and promised more sound and prudent policies and reform measures.
asking the regulators and taxmen to think about the contribution of market participants to the exchequer, modi said had said that the low contribution of taxes may be due to the structure of tax laws.
low or zero tax rate is given to certain types of financial income, he had said in mumbai.
apart from profit booking and sustained capital outflows by foreign funds, weak trends in other asian bourses mainly dampened the sentiment.
in the asian region, japan's nikkei shed 0.
09 per cent, while china's shanghai composite index fell 0.
74 per cent in early trade today.
hong kong, singapore, sydney, kuala lumpur, wellington and jakarta financial markets are closed today for a public holiday.
the dow jones industrial average ended 0.
07 per cent higher in friday's trade.
the special cbi judge, mumbai, who deals with cbi cases had acquitted all accused in sohrabuddin case, the minister said, adding more relevant than the order of the acquittal is the observation of the judge that in the investigation, from the very beginning, investigating agency did not investigate the case professionally in order to find out the truth but to divert it towards certain political persons.
jaitley in his facebook post titled: 'who killed the sohrabuddin investigation' said that those who have recently shown a belated concern for institutional independence, should seriously introspect as to what they did to the cbi when they were in power.
the minister further said that as leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, he had written a letter to the then prime minister manmohan singh on september 27, 2013, detailing the politicisation of the investigation in the sohrabuddin, tulsi prajapati, ishrat jahan, rajinder rathore and the haren pandya cases.
every word of what i have said in the letter, over the next five years, have proven to be true.
earlier this month, a special cbi court acquitted all the 22 accused in the sohrabuddin case.
the court while passing its judgement also said that the cbi probed the alleged fake encounter killings of gangster sohrabuddin shaikh, his wife kausar bi and his aide tulsi prajapati with a 'pre-conceived and premeditated' theory to implicate political leaders.
3 per cent fiscal slippage is statistical in character and meeting the deficit target would be much easier in the future.
the anti-evasion measures being put in place will lead to higher compliance-level and see accounting for full 12 months' revenue from the goods and services tax (gst) from next year.
that will probably improve upon the collection and therefore meeting the fiscal deficit targets in coming years would be much easier than what it was in current year, he said.
terming the 2017-18 fiscal as transformational year, he said, current year had several challenges.
the non-tax revenues had a setback.
.
.
for march (current fiscal) gst collections will come in april (next fiscal).
so, for current year when people comment on so-called fiscal slippage, (they are) conveniently overlooking the fact that 12 months of expenditure and 11 months of gst, he said.
he said that the 0.
3 per cent slippage in the fiscal deficit is on account of rs 36,000 crore revenue shortfall for gst in march.
so a large part of this slippage is statistical in character because of the absence of one month.
next year with the cycle completed, hopefully tax buoyancy will be higher.
it has already reached a reasonable high level.
it would be simpler than this year to probably meet those targets, he said.
the government has set a fiscal deficit target of 3.
3 per cent of gdp in 2018-19, down from 3.
5 per cent this fiscal.
at the moment no great prejudice is caused to them.
when the exemptions phase themselves out, the potential to reduce (corporate tax) further could possibly increase, he said.
it was not an easy deal to remove exemptions retrospectively and so the government has decided to allow the exemptions to die a natural death as an when the sunset date sets in.
therefore, you needed a big steps in that movement.
i think the health scheme that were announced is very ambitious, he said.
health scheme is one such example because resources of states topping up with resources of the centre or the scheme of state and scheme of centre running parallely instead of that, if we were able to coordinate with state that would be far better situation, he said.
he also said the government would expeditiously put loose ends together in the next couple of months.
the national health protection scheme (nhps) announced in the budget touted as 'modicare' envisaged to provide medical cover of up to rs 5 lakh to over 10 crore poor and vulnerable families, constituting 40 per cent of total population.
by bloombergcentre is considering a plan to transfer cash to farmers instead of offering subsidies on various agricultural inputs, sources said.
prime minister narendra modis government is planning to club all farm subsidies including fertilizer costs and instead pay farmers cash, the people said asking not to be identified as the discussions arent public.
the additional cost will be limited to 700 billion rupees annually, the people said.
finance minister arunjaitley had budgeted 701 billion rupees for farm subsidies in year ending march 31.
finance ministry spokesman d.s. malik didnt respond to two calls made to his mobile phone.
the plan for the handout comes after the ruling bharatiya janata party was voted out in key state elections last month, forcing modi to draw up a course correction before lok sabha elections due by may.
the government, which has already exceeded the annual budget gap aim, has little room for spending in the current year, having forgone some tax revenue on goods and services following the defeat.
the additional spending wont impact the nations fiscal deficit for the current year ending march 31, the people said.
finance minister arunjaitley addressing a press conference to explain his ministrys achievements in the past three years in new delhi on thursday | shekhar yadavnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today made a strong case for sale of air india as he asked how fair it was to use rs 55,000-60,000 crore of tax payers' money on the national carrier for having just 14 per cent market share.
stating that the government should have exited air india 15 years back, the finance minister said he personally concurred with the niti aayog's view of privatising the debt- laden carrier, but the government will take a call on the issue.
he said civil aviation is turning into a good success story in india, with a lot of private sector players running very efficient airlines.
also, airports in the country are better than most in the world.
besides, there are more airports in india with the regional connectivity.
therefore, how fair is it for government to occupy 14 per cent of the market share and then say some rs 55,000- 60,000 crore of tax payer's money must get into this whole process, he told cnbc tv18.
air india has piled over rs 50,000 crore of debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent.
it barely made any operational profit in last decade except in fy16.
i think, therefore, sooner the government exits (better it would be).
the finance minister said he saw a great future for the aviation sector.
we have 500-600 aircrafts today.
china has 5,000 aircrafts flying.
therefore, over the next 10 years we are going to have huge number of aircraft capacity being added.
therefore, in addition to the existing players if private sector players come, participate in air india's proposed privatisation scheme, i think it will add to competition and add to quality, he said.
he, however, added that the pace and the manner in which privatisation is to be done would be decided by the civil aviation ministry.
also, the carrier operates on lucrative routes and has a lot of immovable properties.
let us see what the civil aviation ministry decides and the government will then take a collective view, he said.
refusing to comment on his last week's meeting with civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju, where principal secretary to the prime minister nripendra mishra was also present, he said the meeting was to really to assess what is the level of immovable property air india has.
apart from considering the possibility of privatising air india, the union civil aviation ministry has asked sbi capital markets to submit a report in three months reviewing the 2012 turnaround plan (tap) and airlines inability to reduce loss.
by ptinew delhi: niti aayog vice chairman rajiv kumar today said imposition of tax on agriculture income has always been considered by 'successive governments', even as he cautioned that any such move should be taken once the sector is productive and attached to modern scientific methods.
he further said the government think tank will come out with a development agenda for new india 2022' by july, which will spell out strategy for expediting economic growth.
taxing agriculture income has always been under consideration of successive governments.
we have to first ensure that our agriculture become productive and is put on a modern scientific basis, he said in a tweet.
kumar was replying to a question on twitter whether taxing agriculture income beyond a threshold is a good idea as presented in the kelkar report.
taxing the agriculture income has always been a politically sensitive issue and governments have refrained from doing so.
last year , a controversy had erupted after niti aayog member bibek debroy at a press conference had said the agricultural income above certain threshold should be taxed.
however, finance minister arunjaitley had later clarified that there was no such proposal and the centre has no power to impose tax on agricultural income.
the niti aayog too had quickly distanced itself from the comment, saying it was the personal view of debroy.
in a reply to another question on corruption leading to slowness in growth, the niti aayog vice chairman accepted that corruption is a real issue in the country.
replying to a query on government's disinvestment programme, he said, in some cases finding a strategic partner is far better than just divesting partially.
therefore privatization is preferred.
yes corruption is a real issue.
however, it is a state issue as you say.
@nitiaayog will try to devise some kind of a competitive challenge among states to encourage them to tackle this, he added.
on us sanctions on iran, kumar said there is a suggestion to re-start rupee-rial bilateral trade.
this was quite successful during the last sanctions.
eu countries are unlikely to follow the us and so these may not bite anyways, kumar noted.
touching various other points, he said india needs to do far more on greening the country.
we should permit corporates to take up commercial forestry on degraded lands.
also, compensatory forestation options should be strictly enforced.
on if mnrega can be used for afforestation, kumar said it should be used for re-forestation.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will attend the annual meeting of china-led asian infrastructure investment bank to be held in mid-june in south korea.
aiib aims to promote economic development of the region by supporting major infrastructure projects.
india is the second largest shareholder of aiib with 7.
5 per cent stake after china which has 26.
06 per cent voting shares.
russia and germany have 5.
93 per cent, 4.
5 per cent stake respectively.
the finance minister is scheduled to attend board of governors meeting on june 14-15, sources said.
this year's meeting is being co-hosted by the bank and korea, and will be held in jeju island.
the aiib board had its first annual meeting in beijing on june 25, 2016.
the governors representing the bank's 46 founding members including india took stock of the progress that the bank has made since opening its doors on january 16, 2016.
jaitley had attended the first meeting and had apprised the bank about massive infrastructure programme being undertaken by the country.
while the beijing-based aiib is headed by former assistant chinese finance minister, jin liqun, d j pandian from india is the vice president and chief investment officer.
new delhi: the union cabinet on wednesday approved setting up of a new all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in kamrup district of assam at a cost of rs 1,123 crore.
the announcement was made by finance minister arunjaitley after the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
the new aiims with a capacity of 750 beds will be completed in 48 months from the zero date i.
e.
is the date of the approval of central government.
the hospital will also have 22 speciality or super-speciality departments, including 16 operation theaters.
it will also have an ayush department with 30 beds for providing treatment facilities in traditional system of medicine.
the hospital will have trauma center facilities, medical college with an intake of 100 mbbs students per year, nursing college with an intake of 60 b.sc.
(nursing) students per year, residential complexes and allied facilities or services, broadly on the pattern of delhi's aiims.
a single rate of gst in india can't work at the moment due to vast disparities in the country's society, he said while replying to queries from the audience at the india-korea summit here.
after we are able to improve the compliance levels the other stage of reform will begin.
for example, we have two standard rates and in the long run i do see them merging into one.
for that to happen it will take some reasonable time that is when the compliance levels start moving up, said the minister.
at the moment we are coming out (with norms).
the second factor is that in a society like india where you still have a significant population which is below poverty line or still deprived, a single rate in india can't work at the moment, he said.
he said that the reason behind india starting off with multiple rates was that the country had 17 taxes and 23 cesses which were amalgamated into the gst.
he pointed out that the 28 per cent tax bracket has been significantly thinned and argued that a luxury good cannot be taxed at 5 per cent and there has to be a differential rate in a society with economic disparities like in india.
answering questions on the banking sector, the minister admitted that banks have become a little more cautious in the last few years as they have been on the receiving end of some of their clients.
therefore this old legacy problem, the kind of problem that you mentioned with regard to odisha investment, i don't foresee in today's india that kind of a history ever being repeated.
addressing the summit organised by cii, he said there is a sea change in the attitude of states also, owing to competition with each other.
kanu sarda and pushkar banakar byexpress news servicenew delhi: you have heard of supreme court hearings, coups and installation of chief ministers around midnight.
but, change of guard at a central agency in the middle of the night?
there was high drama as police cordoned off the cbi headquarters at around 12.
45 am and joint director m nageshwar rao entered the building an hour later to take over as interim chief of the agency.
the development comes in the wake of the spat between cbi director alok verma and special director rakesh asthana threatening to erode the credibility of the premier investigative agency.
both the officers have been sent on leave.
also read: why is cbi's new in charge m nageshwar rao known as a 'crisis manager'?
such a shake-up is unprecedented in the cbis 55-year history.
the push came from the recommendation of the central vigilance commission, headed by k v chowdary, recommended that both verma and asthana be sent on leave and a special investigation team formed to probe the corruption allegations against the two officials.
the cvc also said that verma had not been cooperating with the commissions directions and created wilful obstructions in its functioning.
in cases of corruption, the cvc has superintendence over the cbi.
soon after taking charge, rao transferred officers probing the bribery case against asthana and those reportedly close to verma.
verma fought back, moving the supreme court against raos appointment.
the sc will hear it on friday.
in his petition, verma sought cbis independence from the department of personnel and training.
he also claimed asthana was maligning his reputation.
the petition added that the cbi was expected to function independently and autonomously and there was bound to be occasions when certain investigations do not take the directions that are desirable to the government.
finance minister arunjaitley defended the governments action saying it had to be done to maintain the integrity of the agency.
he said the allegations levelled by the two cbi officers against each other had led to a bizarre situation.
a special investigation team will probe the charges and both persons will sit out as an interim measure.
the developments kicked up a political storm with congress president rahul gandhi alleging the prime minister broke the law and bypassed the chief justice of india and the leader of opposition, who were part of the panel that selected the cbi chief.
pm removed the cbi director to stop him from investigating rafale, he tweeted.
notably, bjp mp subramanian swamy also reacted sharply to the developments.
in a series of tweets on wednesday, he claimed those involved in the cbi massacre would soon suspend enforcement directorate official rajeshwar singh, who is probing the corruption cases allegedly involving p chidambaram.
the players in the cbi massacre are about to suspend eds rajeshwar so that he cannot file the chargesheet against pc.
if so, i will have no reason to fight the corrupt since my govt is hell bent on protecting them.
i shall then withdraw from all the corruption cases i have filed, he tweeted.
meanwhile, former union ministers yashwant sinha and arun shourie and activist lawyer prashant bhushan moved the supreme court seeking registration of an fir into the rafale deal alleging criminal misconduct by high public functionaries.
government is aware of the latest analysis of the world bank's report in which india has been ranked 172 amongst 190 countries surveyed in the matter of paying taxes.
we have some reservations about the methodology of the assessment parameters in this regard, he said during question hour, amidst noisy protests by opposition.
jaitley said the government has been taking a number of steps to ease tax compliance for tax payers.
we are constanly striving to improve our position, he said.
the minister said the tax administration reform commission (tarc) in its four reports had made useful recommendations on issues like customer focus, structure and governance, dispute management, key internal processes, use of information and communication technology.
other issues are information exchange, revenue forecasting, predictive analysis and research for tax governance, customs capacity building, impact assessment, expanding the base, compliance management etc.
jaitley said on the recommendations given by tarc, 130 recommendations have already been implemented whereas 173 recommendations relating to cbdt are acceptable with modification and 95 recommendations with regard to cbec are at different stages of implementation/ examination.
however, 29 recommendations for cbdt and 39 of the cbec have not been found acceptable after due examination, he said.
new delhi: the breakthrough in the impasse in parliament remained elusive on wednesday, as the opposition persisting with demands for obituaries for soldiers killed in the nagrota terror attack andpeople who died on account of the decision on demonetization.
the opposition apparently hardening its stance will meet president on thursday to raise the issue of the manner in which the taxation laws(second amendment)bill, 2016 was passed in the lok sabha without the house being in order.
the government remained unfazed over the opposition sticking to the disruptive tactics.
the taxation laws (second amendment) bill is now before the rajya sabha and counting of days has alreadybegun.
after 14 days, the bill will be deemed to have been passed even if the rajya sabha does not take up the legislative proposal to give effect to the tax provisions linked to demonetization.
the taxationproposals will be applicable for the 1016-17 financial year, said a union minister.
lok sabha witnessed uproarious scenes from the moment the house was convened with the opposition mps trooping into the well with demands for obituaries for soldiers killed in the nagrota attack andthose who died standing in the queue outside banks and atms. speaker sumitra mahajan rejected the opposition demands for obituary on the ground that the anti-terror operation in nagrota still had beenunderway.
the rajya sabha also witnessed similar disruptions even while the leader of the house and finance minister arunjaitley assured the house of the readiness of the government to discuss thenagrota terror attack.
he also exhorted the opposition to complete the discussion on demonetization.
however, there was no respite from pandemonium in the upper house, leading to repeatedadjournments of the proceedings.
the trinamool congress mp sukhendu shekhar roy had given a notice under rule 267 for taking up obituaries for the martyrs of nagrota attack and 82 people who died in queue due to demonetization.
he was supported by the leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad.
it is a serious issue if the house is not ready to pay obituary to brave soldiers and those who died because of the wrong policies of the government, azad said.
amid the ruckus, jaitely and the jd (u) mp sharad yadav exchanged spats on the issue of demonetization.
jaitely shot back to yadav, that his leader and bihar chief minister nitish kumar supported the decision on demonetization.
yadav snapped, saying his party has been protesting the implementation and not the decision.
the opposition in lok sabha said that they are ready for debate on demonetization under any rule that entails voting.
there was unanimous view that the opposition is seeking division not over black moneyor demonetization but problem faced by people and states due to demonetization.
congress leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge exhorted speaker to hold discussion under any rule that will havevoting and that they are ready for debate.
tmc leader sudip bandhopadhyay questioned that why the government with a brute majority of over 300 mps is running away from voting and they are ready to shift from discussion under rule 56 for thesake of the country provided the government changes its stands for discussion under rule 193.
even bjd joined the opposition and party mp bhartruhari mahtab making it clear that they are against black money and demonetization but they want division over problems faced by people due to thewhole process.
the speaker said that the opposition is demanding discussion under rule 56 that entails voting while the government wants it under 193 which doesnt have provision for division.
i am ready to suspend the zero hour and start the discussion immediately, said mahajan.
but the opposition continued with its protests and the house was adjourned twice before being adjourned for the day.
by iansnew delhi: the indian goods and services tax (gst) system is among the most complex in the world with not only one of the highest tax rates but also one of the largest number of tax slabs, the world bank has said.
it added that india has the highest standard gst rate in asia, and second highest in the world after chile.
the tax rates in the indian gst system are among the highest in the world.
the highest gst rate in india, while only applying to a subset of goods and services traded, is 28 per cent, which is the second highest among a sample of 115 countries which have a gst (vat) system and for which data is available, the world bank said in a report.
what makes the indian gst system even more complex is the number of different gst rates applicable on different categories of goods and services.
india currently has four non-zero rates: 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
apart from that, several items are taxed at zero per cent while gold is taxed at 3 per cent.
to make things worse, petroleum products, power and real estate have been kept outside the gst ambit.
according to the world bank's biannual india development update report, most countries in the world have a single rate of gst: 49 countries use a single rate, 28 use two rates and only five countries including india use four rates, it said.
apart from india, the countries that use four or more gst rates are italy, luxembourg, pakistan and ghana.
while the government has said it would bring down the number of rates once the new taxation system stabilises, it has repeatedly ruled out a single gst rate.
luxury goods, sin products, and products hazardous to the environment and health can't be taxed at the same rate as 'common-man products'.
when reached for comment, a world bank spokesperson said that india is unique in terms of its size and scale of implementation when compared to other counties that have introduced gst.
the difference with other countries in design is therefore to be expected, he said.
but it is not just the tax rates that distinguish india's gst system from the rest of the world.
according to the world bank report, the fiscal threshold for businesses to fall under the full gst impact is also the highest among all comparable countries.
in india, businesses having annual sales above a threshold of rs 1.
5 crore fall under the full gst, and are thus liable to remit gst and eligible to deduct input tax credit.
india started with a threshold of rs 75 lakh, but in a span of a few months doubled it to rs 1.
5 crore mainly to ease the cost of compliance of small and medium enterprises, it said.
india's new threshold is the highest among all the 31 comparator countries.
the report also took note of the disruptions in the initial days of the introduction of tax reform, but added the introduction of gst should be considered as the start of a process -- not the end.
there have been reports of increased administrative tax compliance burden on firms and a locking-up of working capital due to slow tax refund processing.
high compliance costs are also arising because the prevalence of multiple tax rates implies a need to classify inputs and outputs based on the applicable tax rate.
along with the need to apply the correct rate, firms are required to match invoices between their outputs and inputs to be eligible for full input tax credit, which increases compliance costs further, it said.
the world bank spokesperson said the introduction of the gst is only the start of the process that government has undertaken to implement this bold reform.
drawing actively from user-feedback, the government has been very alert to implementation challenges and continues to take steps to make gst compliance more simple and efficient, he added.
the world bank said while international experience suggests that the adjustment process can affect economic activity for multiple months, the benefits of the gst are likely to outweigh its costs in the long run.
despite the initial hiccups, the introduction of gst is having a far-reaching impact on reducing tax-related barriers to trade barriers, which was one of the primary goals of the introduction, it said.
bengaluru: revenue secretary hasmukh adhia today did not rule out the scope for rationalisation of tax rates fixed on various goods and services under the gst regime to be implemented from july one.
one thing we would agree is that there is a scope for rationalisation of tax rates on various goods and services, he said here in an interaction with the industry on gst.
even the central board of excise and customs chairperson vanaja sarna had yesterday said the gst council could revise rates if there is any justification for reconsideration.
various industries and businesses, including traders, fmcg and automobiles had been petitioning the central government for revising rates.
on concerns by representatives of food processing sector, adhia said a decision on the rates of foodgrains, especially wheat and rice, would be taken at the june 3 meeting.
it was already mentioned by (finance minister arun) mr arunjaitley that this is one issue which is still pending before the gst council, and it will take a decision.
we understand the food processing industry needs to be encouraged, he said.
he also argued that if these items were kept in the exempted category, the food processing industry will be losing.
he said the council will take a view on the definition of branding.
on concerns raised by representatives of financial services sector, adhia said dismissed the fear of loans getting costlier due to implementation of gst.
there have been some concerns raised in the financial service sector that loans and all of these will become costlier, no way (it is going to be so), he said.
all people in financial services will know, we are not charging service taxes in deposits as well as loans, but taxes on other services.
loans are not going to become costlier.
that is a misplaced fear, because of lack of understanding, he added.
adhia also said the gst may push india's gdp up by more than 4 per cent because of the simplicity and predictability of the new indirect tax regime, which will encourage people to be tax compliant.
economists have argued that india's gdp may go up by more than 4 per cent because of gst - that is the kind of potential it has, he said.
why will the gdp go up?
it is because businesses require simplicity, predictability of tax regime.
these are the things which are going to be fulfilled by gst, he added.
adhia said the new indirect tax regime will create problems but one should find solutions, instead of not allowing it to happen.
the nse nifty fell about 1 percent on monday to a seven-month low, erasing its gain for the year, as investors fretted that the government may impose long-term capital gains tax.
prime minister narendra modi said on saturday that people in financial markets must make a fair contribution to nation building, comments that were seen as setting up the prospect of higher taxes for investors.
however, finance minister arunjaitley clarified on sunday that the government did not plan to impose long-term capital gains tax, though that was not enough to prevent selling on monday.
indian shares were headed for an eighth session of declines in nine amid worries about outflows from emerging markets to the united states and continued concerns about india's move to ban higher-value currency notes.
it (reaction to pm's comments) is a knee-jerk reaction, said gaurang shah, vice president, geojit bnp paribas.
the fact that we have broken certain levels since brexit day low, could be spooking markets further.
the nifty fell as much as 1.
15 percent to 7,893.
80, its lowest since may 25.
it has erased its gain for the year and was last down about 0.
5 percent for the year.
the index was down 0.
97 percent at 7,908.
45 as of 0621 gmt on monday.
the benchmark sensex was 0.
87 percent lower at 25,814.
75 after falling as much as 1.
1 percent to its lowest since nov.
21 earlier in the session.
in another sign of nerves in markets, the nse's india volatility index surged 8.
3 percent.
banking stocks fell, with hdfc bank and icici bank among the biggest contributors to the decline.
the nse bank index fell as much as 1.
55 percent to its lowest since june 29.
consumer and material stocks also dragged down the indexes with the nifty metal index shedding as much as 2.
80 percent to its lowest in over a month.
by ptiwashington: demonetisation and the goods and services tax (gst) are the two major headwinds that held back india's economic growth last year, former rbi governor raghuram rajan has said, asserting that the current seven per cent growth rate is not enough to meet the country's needs.
addressing an audience at the university of california in berkley on friday, rajan said for four years -- 2012 to 2016 -- india was growing at a faster pace before it was hit by two major headwinds.
the two successive shocks of demonetisation and the gst had a serious impact on growth in india.
growth has fallen off interestingly at a time when growth in the global economy has been peaking up, he said delivering the second bhattacharya lectureship on the future of india.
on the second anniversary of demonetisation on november 8, finance minister arunjaitley staunchly defended the demonetisation drive, saying 'prophets of doom' have been proven wrong as hard data of two years shows an increase in tax base, greater formalisation of the economy and india retaining the fastest growing economy tag for the fifth year in a row.
by the time the first five years of this government are over, we will be close to doubling the assessee base, he said in a facebook blog 'impact of demonetisation'.
jaitley said india clocking the fastest growth rate has proved prophets of doom, who had predicted that demonetisation will shave off 2 per cent of growth rate, conclusively wrong.
rajan, in his address, said a growth rate of seven per cent per year for 25 years is very very strong growth, but in some sense this has become the new hindu rate of growth, which earlier used to be three-and-a-half per cent, rajan said.
the reality is that seven is not enough for the kind of people coming into the labour market and we need jobs for them, so, we need more and cannot be satisfied at this level, he said.
observing that india is sensitive to global growth, he said india has become a much more open economy, and if the world grows, it also grows more.
what happened in 2017 is that even as the world picked up, india went down.
that reflects the fact that these blows (demonetisation and gst) have really really been hard blows.
because of these headwinds, we have been held back, he said.
while india's growth is picking up again, there is the issue of oil prices, the economist noted referring to the huge reliance of india on the import of oil for its energy needs.
with the oil prices going up, rajan said things are going to be little tougher for the indian economy, even though the country is recovering from the headwinds of demonetisation and initial hurdles in the implementation of the gst.
commenting on the rising non-performing assets (npa), he said the best thing to do in such a situation is to clean up.
it is essential to deal up with the bad stuff so that with clean balance sheets, banks can be put back on the track.
it has taken india far long to clean up the banks, partly because the system did not have instruments to deal with bad debts, rajan said.
the bankruptcy code, he asserted, cannot be the only way to clean up the banks.
it is the only one element of the larger cleanup plan, he said and called for a multi-prong approach to address the challenge of npas in india.
india, he asserted, is capable of a strong growth.
as such the seven per cent growth is now being taken granted.
if we go below seven per cent, then we must be doing something wrong, he said adding that that is the base on which india has to grow at least for next 10-15 years.
india, he said, needs to create one million jobs a month for the people joining the labour force.
the country today is facing three major bottlenecks.
one is the torn infrastructure, he said, observing that construction is the one industry that drives the economy in early stages.
infrastructure creates growth, he said.
second, short-term target should be to clean up the power sector and to make sure that the electricity produced actually goes to the people who want the power, he said.
cleaning up the banks is the third major bottleneck in india's growth, he said.
part of the problem in india is that there is an excessive centralisation of power in the political decision making, he said.
india can't work from the centre.
india works when you have many people taking up the burden.
and today the central government is excessively centralised, rajan said.
an example of this is the quantum of decisions that require the assent of the prime minister's office, rajan said as he highlighted the recent unveiling of the 'statue of unity' of sardar vallabhbhai patel as an example of a massive project that required the approval of the pmo.
on the 143rd birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel on october 31, prime minister narendra modi unveiled the 'statue of unity' in gujarat's narmada district.
touted to be the tallest statue in the world, the 182-metre tall statue was built at a cost of rs 2,989 crore.
the concrete and brass-clad statue is the quickest to be completed in 33 months.
by ptinew delhi: hailing the uk court order on vijay mallya's extradition, finance minister arunjaitley monday said the offender who benefited during the upa rule is being brought to the book by the nda government.
also read: chronology of vijay mallya's extradition case and its origina uk court has ordered mallya's extradition, in a major boost to india's efforts to bring back the fugitive wanted for loan default worth rs 9,000 crore.
delivering the verdict, westminster magistrates' court chief magistrate judge emma arbuthnot said that there was no sign of a false case being mounted against him.
great day for india.
no one who cheats india will go scot free.
the judgement of uks court is welcome.
an offender benefited during the upa.
the nda brings him to book.
arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) december 10, 2018great day for india.
no one who cheats india will go scot free.
the judgement of uk's court is welcome.
an offender benefited during the upa.
also read: mumbaikars hail uk court's order to extradite vijay mallyamallya, who fled to the uk in march 2016, is wanted in india over the default of rs 9,000 crore that was loaned to kingfisher airlines (kfa) by several banks.
commenting on the development, commerce and industry minister suresh prabhu in a tweet said: after #christianmichel, it's the turn of #vijaymallya.
under pm @narendramodi ji's leadership it's proved that no one who cheats india will go scot free.
the uk court order is a great victory for our govt's relentless efforts.
by express news servicenew delhi: the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) is set to substantially increase its investment commitments in india, with officials stating that the bank has already approved $1.
5 billion in loans for projects in india and that it might invest $200 million (around rs 1,300 crore) in indias first sovereign wealth fund  the national investment and infrastructure fund (niif).
the statements come the same day finance minister arunjaitley sought more investment from the beijing-headquartered multi-national body, stating that multilateral lending is needed to bridge the infrastructure gap in the asian region.
jaitley was speaking at the curtain raiser event of aiibs third annual conference here.
while india had earlier debated joining the aiib, it currently holds 7.
74 per cent equity in the multilateral bank, next only to china (29.
9 per cent).
during his address, arunjaitley stated that india aspires to not only conventional infrastructure creation but also rural infrastructure so that the quality of life, for those people can improve effectively.
with india being an active participant in the aiib, arunjaitley pointed out that the bank has started working effectively in less than three years.
the bank has come of age within a limited period.
there is a pipeline of many projects and the bank has been at a forefront of some of these active projects, he said.
asia needs to grow faster to bring up the standard of living of its own people and cover for the infrastructure deficit that they have, said jaitley.
following jaitleys address, two seperate aiib officials stated that india will get increased support from the aiib going forward, with one possible investment set to come in the niif at around $200 million, according to aiib president jin liqun, who also pointed out that the bank has committed over $1 billion in five infrastructure projects in india and proposes to take up 12 more, envisaging assistance of $3.
5 billion.
meanwhile, d j pandian, the aiibs chief investment officer stated that they have already approved $1.
5 billion in loans to india in 2018.
these funds are set to be used for investment in indias energy, roads and urban development projects.
by ptinew delhi: the government is looking at the possibility of converting gst network, the company that handles it infrastructure for the goods and services tax regime, into a state-owned company with a majority or 100 per cent stake, an official source said.
currently, five private financial institutions -- hdfc, hdfc bank, icici bank, nse strategic investment co and lic housing finance ltd -- hold 51 per cent stake in gstn, which was incorporated on march 28, 2013, in the erstwhile upa regime.
the remaining 49 per cent stake is with the centre and states.
the government is in favour of making gstn a wholly-owned company with 100 per cent shareholding, but a final call would be taken by the gst council, headed by arunjaitley and comprising state counterparts, in its next meeting, the source said.
after gst council's clearance, the proposal would go to the union cabinet since gstn will become a public company.
according to the source, the government believes it should be a majority owner considering gstn is a repository of such huge data.
the company from providing it platform, is now getting into data analytics to help catch tax evaders.
gstn is working like a state-owned company with grants and capital from the government.
it is also subjected to audit by the cag.
so why not make it a wholly-owned public sector undertaking?
the source said.
with the portal fully stabilising for collecting taxes and e-way bill being rolled out, the finance ministry feels the time is right for converting it to a government company.
the government stake in gstn was initially kept at 49 per cent and incorporated as a private company to allow adequate flexibility and freedom to ensure timely implementation of the it infrastructure prior to the gst roll out.
goods and services tax (gst), which subsumed over a dozen local taxes, was rolled out on july 1, 2017.
over one crore businesses are registered on the gstn portal.
the government would buy back the shares in the same proportion as the private shareholders had put in, another source said.
currently, the authorised share capital of gstn stands at rs 10 crore, with equal contribution from the centre and states.
gstn is a section 8 company under the new companies act and hence is a not-for-profit entity.
so private shareholders would be more than happy to sell their shareholding because there is no ploughing back of profit, the source added.
bjp mp subramanian swamy on multiple occasions has raised concerns over gstn's shareholding pattern, terming it a shady organisation and saying it was a grave security issue.
swamy had even written to prime minister narendra modi in august 2016 asking him to give a close second look into gstn's shareholding pattern and questioned how a private entity can be allowed access to sensitive information without security.
new delhi: even as the 50-day window, sought by the prime minister to end the pain of demonetisation, comes to an end today, the government continued to ramp up its discourse on the moves positive outcomes.
while the finance minister asserted that there was a sharp jump in tax collections, sources said modi was likely to address the nation, yet again, before the dawn of the new year.
he also claimed that the negative impact of demonetisation was not as adverse as it had been predicted and there wasnt a single incident of unrest in the country as a result of the move.
from april 1 to december 19, the net increase in income tax collections has been 14.
4 per cent.
even if one factor in large amounts of refunds, the net increase is 13.
6 percent, he pointed out.
as for indirect taxes, from april 1 until november 30, central indirect tax collections have increased by 26.
25 percent.
excise duty collections have gone up by 43.
5 per cent, service tax collections by 25.
7 percent and customs duty collections by 5.
6 percent, he said.
for the month of november 2016, which could have been adversely impacted by currency replacement, on a year on year basis, all three indirect taxes collection is much higher, arunjaitley added.
however, he did not quote the exact figures for november.
meanwhile, sources said that prime minister narendra modi was likely to address the nation on december 31 and is expected to announce new initiatives to ease the cash crunch and new policies including farm loan relief.
the government also fielded senior ministers to counter attacks over note ban.
sources said the finance ministry has put together a presentation on the benefits of the note ban, for union ministers and party parliamentarians.
the ministers, according to sources, would be present across the country on december 31 to reach out to the people and explain the achievements of demonetisation.
the government is also expected to announce the winners of a lucky draw for the maximum number of digital transactions.
new delhi: it is no mean achievement when indian economy flexed its muscles in 2016 and briefly nosed ahead of britain -- its once colonial master.
but the honour was fleeting as india quickly fell back to the sixth-largest position, with considerable headwinds from demonetisation and delay in gst rollout queering the pitch.
at the start of 2016, everything looked hunky-dory as the country took pride in being the world's fastest-growing major economy, but the momentum seemed to have petered out by the end of the year as spending took a hit and industrial activity faltered with the junking of 86 per cent of currency in circulation, leading to an across-the-board downgrade in growth projections.
the first half saw india being called the bright spot  and rightly so -- in a world searching for growth engine.
the government moved in to reconfigure its economic architecture through new institutional mechanisms  like the one to tackle monetary policy.
but brexit, protectionist signal from donald trump fresh from the surprise us presidential election win, the syrian turmoil and an uptick in oil prices partly reversed some of the gains and capped 2016 as a tumultuous year.
the economic agenda for 2017 remain clear.
finance minister arunjaitley needs to impart a big push to the economic activity in the budget  coming up in a month -- through not just raising spending on socio-economic infrastructure but dealing with the fallout of the cash recall exercise.
the need of the hour is a 'feel-good budget that will give people something to look forward to while taking the reforms agenda to the logical conclusion, including a schedule for the landmark gst launch that can be honoured.
once expected to overtake the uk gdp in 2020, the moment arrived early enough in mid-december on the back of a near 20 per cent drop in the value of the pound after the shock brexit vote.
this squeezed uk's 2016 gdp to 1.
87 trillion pound (usd 2.
29 trillion) as against indias usd 2.
3 trillion (rs 153 lakh crore).
but the change of fortunes came when forex rates realigned and the uk economy stood at usd 2.
3 trillion compared with usd 2.
25 trillion of indian economy as the year drew to a close.
the jury is still out as india is expected to bridge the gap in the new year even if it were to grow at a lower pace of 7 per cent and uks growth is projected at no more than 2 per cent through 2020.
new delhi: the congress on wednesday claimed that the prime minister narendra modi copied the objectives cited by pakistan in june 2015 for its decision on demonetization to effect similar move in the country on november 8.
the opposition slammed that the union budget presented by the finance minister arunjaitley for lacking directions and purpose.
initiating the debate on the budget in the lok sabha, the congress leader and the chairman of the standing committee on finance veerappa moily said: pakistan gave reasons like fighting corruption, black money and fake currency in june 2015 when it took the decision on demonetization.
prime minister narendra modi also gave the same reasons on november 8 while taking the similar decision.
no other country which has done so ever gave such reasons, as they cited inflation and other issues when taking similar steps.
the congress leader also stated that it was evident that the prime minister thought that pakistan has taken a right step and we too should follow it.
for the first time, we followed pakistan.
it is unprecedented, said moily, while adding that after a meeting with the chiefs of the three wings of the defence forces in the morning of november 8, it dawned upon modi that he should now carry out a surgical strike against the economy and the people of the country.
the congress leader also slammed the budget for being timid and lacking in forward moving measures.
punching further holes in the budget, moily quipped that it appeared that the only economist in the government was the chief economic adviser arvind subramanian, but even his advices were ignored by the finance minister.
the economic survey presented before the first budget of the modi government had said that fundamentals were very strong and the legacy was good.
therefore, its wrong to say that the modi government inherited a stressed economy, said moily, while adding that while indira gandhi by nationalising banks had brought banking to the doorstep of the people, the prime minister is taking away banks from the poor.
this is committing debauchery with the currency.
people who oppose your policies are criminals, black marketeers and anti-nationals, while people who support your policies are called patriot, said the congress leader.
however, the bjp mp hukum dev narayan yadav, while defending the budget, said that the modi government brought back the focus on farmers, rural areas and the marginalised people, who had become poorer in the times of the congress rule.
new delhi: though it appears reconciled to the possibility that the demonetisation agitation will play out for a while, the government is considering various options to achieve a breakthrough in the parliament logjam, hoping that fatigue may set in the opposition camp soon.
to counter the opposition propaganda, top ministers are briefing party mps on the decision taken by the centre to denotify high-denomination banknotes.
replying to former prime minister manmohan singhs scathing attack on the government, finance minister arunjaitley launched a counter-attack.
those who ran the government between 2004-14, which presided over scams and scandals, is calling demonetisation a blunder, he said.
those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as a blunder are now finding the crusade against black money to be a blunder.
jaitely, while speaking to reporters and flanked by a number of cabinet colleagues  ananth kumar, prakash javadekar, mukhtar abbas naqvi, jitendra singh, claimed that the opposition was surprised by the prime ministers presence in the rajya sabha.
the opposition was not prepared for a discussion on demonetisation.
they are manufacturing and inventing reasons to avoid discussion.
i am doubtful that the opposition will allow discussion in the house for a while, he said.
nda floor managers claimed there would be a window for a breakthrough in the impasse after the oppositions public protest scheduled for early next week.
the government is watching out.
in the coming days the inconveniences to the people will ease to some extent, a source in the government said.
meanwhile in the supreme court, the government submitted an affidavit claiming there was no chaos in the country despite the inconvenience that the people had faced because of the scrapping of notes.
it further said that move would help unearth and destroy black money stashed over seven decades.
apart from eradicating black money, the affidavit said, this step would also help in cracking down on fake currency notes and choking funding for several terror outfits.
the affidavit said the recalibration of atms across the country was in full swing and people would soon be able to withdraw the new currency notes from them seamlessly.
the apex court agreed to hear on friday a plea seeking a direction to the centre and the rbi that a tamil nadu-based co-operative society be allowed to accept old demonetised notes and permit cash withdrawals.
didi meets prez againnew delhi: west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on thursday, for the second time in a month, sought the intervention of president pranab mukherjee in the demonetisation issue.
equating the pm with hitler, the the trinamool chief said the autocratic move to demonetise rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes hasd ruined farmers, daily wagers and small traders.
because of this tughlaqi decision, the entire country is suffering.
from tea garden workers to daily wagers and small traders, all have come to the street.
people are starving, she said.
amaravati: union finance minister arunjaitley will lay the foundation stone tomorrow for the construction of financial and administrative cities in andhra pradesh's new capital region, but the very construction of amaravati seems to have gone back to square one after hitting roadblocks.
the centre has released rs 1,500 crore in the last two years for the construction of the andhra pradesh government's new secretariat, high court and other buildings in the new capital, but the state has not spent a single rupee so far, though it has been seeking the release of more funds.
jaitley may be laying the foundation stone tomorrow, but it will be many more months before the actual construction activity starts as the state government has to first finalise the designs for the buildings that are to come up in the administrative city.
in june 2015, chief minister chandrababu naidu had conducted a 'bhoomi pujan' to symbolically launch the works and on october 22, 2015, prime minister narendra modi had laid the foundation stone for the actual construction works.
since then, not a single brick has been laid for the development of the capital, except the construction of the interim government complex (temporary secretariat).
in july last year, agencies of the singapore government had submitted a masterplan for the development of amaravati and in march this year, the state government had approved the designs submitted by maki and associates of japan for the government buildings in the capital.
in june, a singapore consortium had proposed to build the start-up area of the capital as a purely commercial venture under the swiss challenge method.
based on that, the capital region development authority (crda) had invited counter bids in august from other firms for the development of the start-up area, but that ran into legal trouble as the crda did not disclose the revenue share offered by the singapore consortium.
after the high court of judicature at hyderabad stayed the swiss challenge method, the state government yesterday finally agreed to cancel the notification and invite fresh tenders.
in the meantime, the government also rejected the maki designs for the buildings at the capital and decided to invite fresh designs by issuing a new notification.
we have set a 21-day deadline for the submission of new designs and immediately thereafter, we will start the designs.
by the end of december, we will approve the designs and by middle or end of january 2017, we will start the works.
our target is to complete the construction activities in two years, andhra pradesh municipal administration minister p narayana told pti.
finance minister arunjaitley speaks at a press conference in new delhi explaining the difficulties in undertaking as mammoth a step as demonitisation.
| ptinew delhi: it could take upto two weeks to recalibrate the two lakh atms in the country and people should expect some more time for normalisation, says finance minister arun jaitley.
people are cooperating and so are bank officials, i am grateful to themas they have suffered the inconvenience and still cooperating, said jaitley.
when the government took the decision to demonetize `500 and `1,000, it was expected that the `46 lakh crore in circulation will have to be replaced and the government is prepared for it, he said.
it is a massive operations, it has just begun.
the government is securing data from all banks, said jaitley.
since they are working on resolving the other issues, we want them to concentrate on the work they are doing, said the finance minister.
finance ministry is in regular touch with the reserve bank of india, he said.
we had accepted that such a currency replacement cannot be done mechanicallythere are challengesfirst so many people have come, and will keeping coming for next few daysmy appeal that deposit time is december 30, there will be less crowd in next few days, he said.
assuring that the rbi and banks have stacked up enough currency to replace the `14 lakh crore worth of `1,000/500 notes that have been declared invalid, he said the government is constantly monitoring the situation as it is a massive operation.
since secrecy was to be maintained, atm machines were not calibrated, since many people would have involved, it would not have remained secret.
so the work is on and since they are being recalibrated, it may take some time, he said.
the currency chests have enough money, they have to be transported, and takes time.
i agree there could be difference in the currency that is available and not as per people's demands.
people's money in banking system is safe and they will get it back soon.
i request people to take money in whatever currency they get, said jaitley.
he added that during this transitioni want people to use the transaction through other alternative modes, e-banking , credit card, payment platforms, they will have a quiet life.
we are keeping a close watch on fake currency.
jaitley acknowledged it is a big regret that people are being inconveniencedbut such an effort, we knew will have initial problems.
banks will remain open on monday in the southern states.
by aninew delhi: coming as a relief in the back of continual hikes, fuel prices witnessed a downward trend on saturday.
petrol prices in the national capital were reduced by 40 paise to rs 80.
45, while diesel saw a reduction of 35 paise to fall to rs 74.
38.
in mumbai, petrol prices saw a cut down of 40 paise to now be selling at rs 85.
93, while diesel prices fell to rs 77.
96 after a reduction of 37 paise.
in a bid to ease the crunch caused by soaring fuel prices, finance minister arunjaitley had, on october 4, announced a reduction of rs 2.
50 per litre on both petrol and diesel prices after curbing excise duty on the commodity by rs 1.
50 per litre.
by iansnew delhi: even as the indian equity indices continued its downslide on monday, the government said it was not in reaction to the union budget announcement on february 1 where 10 per cent long term capital gains (ltcg) tax was reimposed.
finance minister arunjaitley on monday attributed the downslide in the bourses to the negative global cues.
jaitley's remarks came after the indian equity markets on friday witnessed the steepest fall since november 2016, after ltcg tax on equities was re-introduced in the union budget for 2018-19, leading the sensex to shed over 800 points and the nifty50 over 200 points in a single day.
it is not due to the budget or the ltcg.
talking on the similar vein, finance and revenue secretary hasmukh adhia on monday said equity investments still remain attractive as only a 10 per cent ltcg tax has been imposed on it.
adhia, who addressed a cii event here on monday, said that in comparison to other asset classes the ltcg tax is lower on equities and the government has decided to grandfather gains made until january 31, 2018.
on february 1, finance minister arunjaitley proposed to tax ltcg on equities exceeding rs 1 lakh at 10 per cent, which is expected to bring in revenue of rs 20,000 crore.
around 1.
21 p.
m.
, the wider nifty50 of the national stock exchange fell by 96.
50 points or 0.
90 per cent to trade at 10,664.
10 points.
on the bse, the barometer 30-scrip sensitive index (sensex), which opened at 34,718.
85 points, traded at 34,767.
38 points -- down 299.
37 points or 0.
85 per cent from friday's close.
according to market observers, disappointing announcements in the budget like the reintroduction of the ltcg tax and a higher-than-expected fiscal deficit target for 2018-19 continued to dampen investors' risk-taking appetite.
terming demonetisation a political move made without preparation, congress today said it is being sold as a step against black money and the reserve bank of india did not give the advice it should have offered to the government.
who gave the advice i do not know, but i believe, as manmohan singh had said in rajya sabha, that reserve bank of india did not give the advice it should have offered, party spokesperson jairam ramesh said.
the economy has been growing at 7-7.
5 per cent and the decision was taken only for political reasons, he alleged.
ramesh made it clear that congress did not call for a 'bharat bandh' and alleged that bjp was spreading disinformation in this regard.
the opposition parties will hold protests against demonetisation across the country by observing jan aakrosh diwas tomorrow, he said, adding that economic activity has anyway come to a standstill since november 9.
ramesh termed the decision to scrap high-value currency notes a political decision for three reasons.
prime minister narendra modi believes in 'dhamaka' politics.
this is a dhamaka (bang) that has changed the narrative.
since november 8 there is no talk, but of demonetisation, he said.
the second reason is that modi had seen the writing on the wall in uttar pradesh, which goes to polls next year.
and thirdly, to cover up the government's failure to deliver on the prime minister's big electoral promise of bringing back black money stashed abroad.
we welcome steps taken to eradicate black money.
but i am afraid.
.
.
all best estimates are that only 6 per cent of it is kept in the form of cash.
so to address this problem, you have put 80 per cent of india through hardships.
.
.
while common people were facing difficulties, the actual culprits are leading lives of luxury, ramesh said.
he said it may take 250 days to print the required number of currency notes to get the economy back on track.
if notes are printed abroad, it will be a mockery of make in india initiative of the government.
the congress leader said a cashless society modi has been talking of may become a reality after 100 years, but not in the near future when a majority depends on cash transactions.
does the prime minister want to have cash-less mandis?
does the pm want to have the unorganized sector working cashless?
i am sorry to say it's a ridiculous proposition, to say that india will become cashless and all these economic sectors will become cashless, he said.
such transitions take time and cannot be forced through shocks, he said.
asked why congress' ally nitish kumar was not in favour of protests against demonetisation, ramesh said jd(u) leader sharad yadav was supporting it.
finance minister arunjaitley came to the defence of rbi governor urjit patel in the wake of criticism by ramesh, saying it is an unfair attack and politicians should refrain from making comments on those who cannot defend themselves.
an unfair attack by jairam ramesh on the rbi governor.
must politicians attack those who can't defend themselves in the same tone?
he said in a tweet.
ramesh said it is estimated that only 5-10 per cent of black money is kept in cash, while most of it is in the form of gold, silver, benami property or stashed abroad.
a lot of discomfiture had been caused to people by demonetising rs 500 notes abruptly, he said.
citing national investigation agency (nia) estimates, he said counterfeit notes make up just 0.
02 per cent of the total currency in circulation.
to tackle this, 80 per cent of people, be it farmers, the unorganised and small-scale sector have been subjected to inconvenience.
the prime minister had remarked na khaaonga, na khaane doonga, but saurabh patel, who was a minister in the then modi-led gujarat government, is learnt to have been linked to a company based in bahamas, where many tax evaders go, ramesh alleged.
patel was removed from his post over some dispute, he claimed.
asked if congress was in favour of holding of lok sabha and assembly elections simultaneously, ramesh said there were merits as well as demerits of it.
in 2002, a congress party committee headed by manmohan singh had suggested that there should be state funding of elections, he said, adding that various state elections also enforced accountability.
he claimed that the pune-based organisation, which is said to be behind the the demonetisation idea, has also said the way it is being implemented is not what they had suggested.
congress was not against the objectives of the measure and will support steps against black money and corruption, but the reality of the situation is different, he said.
new delhi: on a day election commission issued notification for the july 17 presidential election, talk fever gripped the political class, as the sub-group of opposition parties decided to first hear out from the government panel consisting of union ministers  rajnath singh, arunjaitley and m venkaiah naidu, which in turn reached out to scores of leaders in different states.
while prime minister narendra modi presided over a core group meeting consisting of senior ministers where he reportedly sought wide ranging consultation in identifying next president, naidu emerged as the man with the mission, as he established contacts with leaders of at least six political parties before flying down to hyderabad on wednesday evening for parleys with andhra pradesh chief minister n chandra babu naidu.
naidu and singh will hold talks with the congress chief sonia gandhi and cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury on friday.
with jaitely returning back to the national capital on saturday, the panel will hold its first meeting on sunday to hammer out definitive proposal to put across the political parties in its bid to evolve consensus for the presidential election, sources said.
in a further confirmation that the bjp would unveil its presidential nominee by june 23, the party chief amit shah, sources said, has postponed his odisha visit scheduled for june 22, 23 and 24 for july 4,5 and 6.
naidu spoke to scores of political leaders on phone, which included the bsp general secretary satish chandra mishra, ncp leader prafulla patel, pmks anbumani ramadoss, trs leader in the lok sabha ap jithender reddy, ysr congress chief y s jaganmohan reddy, chief of nr congress of puducherry n rangaswamy.
he has gone to hyderabad to hold talks with the andhra pradesh chief minister, sources said, who added that the union minister for home affairs rajnath singh will talk to the west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and jaitely will reach out to the bihar chief minister nitish kumar.
with the government panel likely to concretise the proposal around june 20-21, the presidential nominee is likely to file the nomination either on june 22 or 23 subject to muhurt (auspicious timing and day) even while the last day is june 28.
meanwhile, the nine-member sub-group of the opposition parties on presidential election met in the parliament premises decided to wait for the government panel to throw the proposal for a consensus candidate, which if failed, would lead to them putting up a common candidate.
the congress leader in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told reporters that no name was discussed in the meeting.
incidentally, the panel members are reaching out to the leaders of various political outfits without any probable names for the presidential election, sources said, who added that the effort is to seek the views of the leaders of their choices and how to arrive at a consensus.
by ptinew delhi: taking a dig at congress president rahul gandhi over rafale controversy, finance minister arunjaitley wednesday said it was foolish to compare prices of a simple flyaway aircraft with a weaponised jet.
in a series of tweets, arunjaitley questioned the knowledge of gandhi saying how much does he know?
when will be know?
his comments come on a day when parliament witnessed an uproar over the rafale deal.
how much does he know?
when will he know?
arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) january 2, 2019compare two unequals and call it a scam  arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) january 2, 2019even in the offer made to the upa government there were two different prices one of the flyaway aircraft and the offer of the weaponised aircraft.
arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) january 2, 2019even a fool will not compare prices of a simple flyaway aircraft with a weaponised jet.
arun arunjaitley (@arunjaitley) january 2, 2019during the debate, gandhi wanted to know from the government why the price of the fighter jet went up from rs 526 crore to rs 1,600 crore.
he further said that even in the offer made to the upa government there were two different prices -- one of the flyaway aircraft and the offer of the weaponised aircraft.
jaitley also accused the congress of comparing two unequals and calling it a 'scam'.
sunitha natti byexpress news servicemumbai: in 2014, there was a faint hope that the bharatiya janata party (bjp), if elected, may at least consider abolishing personal income taxes.
sadly, four years on, it is not even a potential topic under deliberation.
as the national democratic alliance (nda) government braces to present its last full budget on thursday before seeking re-election, expectations are running high that finance minister arunjaitley will include the much-needed goodies in the tax basket.
while we shall soon know if arunjaitley will leave more money in our pockets lowering taxes or if he will do otherwise, here's all you need to know about the tax slabs and some of the key exemptions.
currently, taxpayers are classified under four income groups, but we only have three tax rates as individuals earning up to rs 2.
5 lakh per annum are exempt from paying any tax.
they still have to file annual income returns though.
those earning between rs 2.
5 and rs 5 lakh have to pay 5 per cent tax, income earners between rs 5 and rs 10 lakh are taxed at 20 per cent and individuals with over rs 10 lakh annual income attract 30 per cent tax.
on top of these tax slabs, individuals earning above rs 2.
5 lakh have to pay three per cent (of total income) towards education cess.
but, wait.
these rates are applicable not based on the total income, but only on taxable income.
that means, before these rates can apply, there are deductions one can avail to lower the annual tax outgo.
for instance, though individuals earning below rs 2.
5 lakh are exempt from paying tax, if you take into account all the deductions, the zero tax rate extends to all those earning up to rs 3 lakh.
here, we list some of the major sections that let you pay less.
currently, a taxpayer can avail deduction up to rs 1.
5 lakh per year under section 80c, 80cc and 80 ccd (1) as per section 80 cce of the income tax act.
these can be money invested in mutual fund-based tax schemes, public provident fund, employee provident fund, post office schemes, childrens tuition fee, life insurance premium, annuity plans, stamp duty charges for purchase of new house and repayment of the principal amount of a home loan etc.
next major deduction includes interest payments.
first time home buyers, under section 80ee can claim an additional deduction of rs 50,000, besides the maximum limit on interest payment on home loan (for a self-occupied house) set at rs 2 lakh.
if it's given on rent, the entire interest component is tax exempt.
don't fret on losing out if you dont own a house and at the same time aren't getting any house rent allowance from your employer.
you can still claim tax benefit of rs 5,000 per month or 25 per cent of your total income.
likewise, one can avail tax deduction under section 80e, which is interest paid on education loan, but this is applicable only for eight years.
next is premium paid on health insurance, up to a maximum of rs 60,000, including rs 30,000, if you insure your parents above 60 years.
medical reimbursement is another taxsaving option, but currently the maximum limit is set remarkably low at rs 15,000 a year.
then there are other deductions like contributions to charitable trusts, political parties, treatment of critical diseases that allow you to claim tax benefits.
by ptinew delhi: india today withdrew the 'most-favoured nation' status to pakistan following the deadly pulwama terror attack and said it will take all steps to isolate the neighbouring country globally.
read : us experts suspect pakistan spy agency isi role in pulwama terrorist attackthe most favoured nation status to pakistan stands revoked, he said after the ccs meeting at the prime minister's residence.
most favoured nation (mfn) status is given to a trade partner to ensure non-discriminatory trade between two countries.
india granted mfn status to pakistan in 1996.
read | adil ahmad, man behind pulwama terror attack once led prayershe said the ministry of external affairs will launch an all out effort to isolate pakistan and all diplomatic efforts will be launched in this regard.
mea will initiate all possible diplomatic steps which are to be taken to ensure complete isolation of pakistan in the international community, he said, adding incontrovertible evidence is available of pakistan's direct hand in this gruesome terrorist attack.
home minister rajnath singh will be visiting srinagar on friday and would convene an all-party meeting most likely on saturday to brief political parties on the incident so that the nation speaks in one voice on the issue.
the cabinet committee on security meet was chaired by prime minister narendra modi to discuss the security scenario in jammu and kashmir in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
it was attended by defence minister nirmala sithraman, finance miniser arunjaitley , external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
forty crpf personnel were killed and five injured on thursday in one of the deadliest terror attacks in jammu and kashmir when a jaish suicide bomber rammed a vehicle carrying over 100 kg of explosives into their bus in pulwama district.
by ptinew delhi: volatility in the indian markets may continue for some time due to global reasons, but there are no issues of concern for investors in terms of safety and security of the indian marketplace, sebi chief ajay tyagi said today.
in the wake of concerns raised in some quarters about the re-introduction of long-term capital gains tax (ltcg), as proposed in the budget, tyagi said sebi has not received any representation from investors so far against this.
he, however, said it will be wrong to say long-term capital gains tax will have no impact at all on indian markets.
but, any such impact would be small and the global factors pose bigger risks, tyagi added.
when asked about the timing of imposing the ltcg, tyagi said it was an opportune time as markets were booming.
finance minister arunjaitley , on february 1, proposed to tax ltcg on equities exceeding rs 1 lakh at 10 per cent, which is expected to bring in a revenue of rs 20,000 crore.
speaking about the markets, tyagi said that volatility in indian markets may continue for some time due to global reasons like the healthy us job markets numbers.
indian stock markets have been falling in the last few trading sessions, which experts attributed to global worries.
currently, bse's sensex has been hovering at 34,000 level.
the benchmark indices fell by over 1 per cent yesterday to close at a one-month low level.
while the sensex had managed to gain 330 points on thursday, it had lost more than 2,200 points in the preceding seven trading sessions amid negative domestic and global cues.
experts believe that the latest us jobs data spooked global markets, prompted worries about inflation rising at a faster pace.
this has led to a possibility that the federal reserve - the us central bank - could raise rates at a faster pace than expected this year.
by express news servicebengaluru: thursdays union budget presentation was welcomed with a cautious optimism by the citys it, ites and biotechnology industry.
many termed the budget a comprehensive and exhaustive one considering that the budget came after the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst).
however, the introduction of the long term capital gains tax was a grouse, the focus on fintech, artificial intelligence and research was welcomed by companies.
kiran mazumdar shaw, chairperson and managing director of biocon, termed the focus on science and technology as encouraging.
in the budget, there is a huge outlay of `1 lakh crores to revitalise our research centres, she said.
the announcement by finance minister arunjaitley discouraging the use of cryptocurrencies has come as a big blow to the segment which has been trying to establish itself as an alternate, secure and transparent payment mechanism, said tarun bhatia, managing director, kroll, a risk consulting firm.
according to c p gurnani, managing director and ceo, tech mahindra, the steps taken to strengthen the presence of fintech in the msme space along with the plans for smart cities showed that the countrywas on the right track to becoming a trillion dollar digital economy by 2025.
the mention of wide-scale broadband access was welcomed by anil valluri, president of netapp india and saarc.
no.
by express news servicenew delhi: the indira gandhi national open university (ignou) will launch an awareness programme on goods and services tax (gst) in collaboration with bombay stock exchange institute limited from its july 2019 session, the varsity said monday.
the programme, which will be launched by ignous school of management studies aims to impart basic knowledge and skills required to fulfil various requirements under the gst act.
this programme would be beneficial to people who are engaged in maintaining accounts and filing of various indirect tax returns, the varsity said.
entrepreneurs engaged in small-scale business ventures can also benefit from this programme as it gives an overview of the procedures and formalities to comply under the gst act, it said.
the main objective of the programme is to impart skills to bookkeeping professionals to file various regular gst returns along with the various compliance requirements, it said.
those who have passed class 12 are eligible for the course, which will be offered in january and july cycle of admissions.
the study material, which is available online, is divided into seven small modules.
the gst was rolled out under the direction of finance minister arunjaitley in 2017.
the opposition has been up in arms over the shoddy and unplanned implementation of the tax regime while the centre has been claiming it a huge success.
by iansnew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on monday alleged that congress leaders rahul gandhi and digvijaya singh had suddenly discovered religiosity and said elections are a convenient season for all the neo-converts.
in a blog post a convenient season for being a 'proud hindu' arunjaitley also targeted aam aadmi party, saying one of its lok sabha candidates in delhi had started wearing not only her religion but her caste, her father's caste and her husband's caste on her sleeve.
jaitley termed singh, congress candidate from bhopal, as a well-known majority basher and alleged that he holds the patent for manufacturing the theory of 'hindu terror.
' he took it to illogical conclusion till the whole theory was busted.
religiosity is suddenly being discovered.
majority bashing has been replaced by a self-proclaimed title of a 'proud hindu' or even a 'punjabi hindu kshatriya'.
today, even atheist will wear their religion and caste on their sleeves.
elections, after all, are a convenient season for all the neo-converts, he said.
jaitley said that vishwa hindu parishad distributed stickers in the late eighties and early nineties which became a launching pad for its slogan 'garv se kaho ham hindu hain (say proudly we are hindus)' and barring the bjp, a few other groups endorsed it with others denouncing this slogan as symbol of communalism.
he said a fundamental disagreement with nehruvian secularism, as practised in the 1950s, was that panditji believed that hinduism was old fashioned, fundamentalist and obscurantist, he believed that it stood in the way of developing a scientific temperament.
these politics continued for decades.
in a multi-cornered election, parties like the sp, the bsp, the rjd and, of late, even the tmc, went a step further of the congress.
they created fear in the minds of minorities and endeavoured to develop a vote combination of a specific caste or a group and that of the muslim minority.
he said party leader l.k. advani undertook a significant attempt to dissent from this practice in the eighties and nineties and strongly argued against a theocratic state, equality for minorities.
but his larger point was that secularism can no longer become a euphemism for majority bashing.
he argued his case in modern vocabulary.
a large part of india started seeing a rationale in this.
he said the socio-economic profile of india changed slowly, consolidating and enlarging india's middle-class which is aspirational, as strong concern on national security, is religiously inclined but not communal.
at the same time, it will not accept majority bashing as the definition of secularism.
the attitude of this class towards national security-related issues such as terrorism and special status of jammu & kashmir, is extremely strong.
at the same time, its reaction on both ayodhya and sabarimala is self-evident.
the bjp leader said that gandhi's stance on national security is highly questionable and he had visited jnu in support of those who raised slogans about breaking india.
he has, till date, not explained his presence at jnu.
jaitley said digvijaya singh had claimed that the batla house encounter during the upa government was a fake one and carried on a campaign in support of the terrorists and against the security forces.
he even visited azamgarh to meet the relatives of the deceased or arrested terrorists.
referring to aap, he said its leaders supported those who raised the highly objectionable slogans at jawaharlal nehru university.
jaitley said that the party's sympathy for the jehadis and separatists is apparent.
he said hypocrisy of aap climaxed when, in the last few days, its only lady candidate from delhi, shed her family legacy of ultra-left leaning parents, who were important interlocutors seeking a pardon for afzal guru, and started wearing not only her religion but her caste, her father's caste and her husband's caste on her sleeve.
i was wondering as to why those brought up in an atheist environment, for political convenience, start displaying their religion and caste publicly, he said.
new delhi: in the wake of the demonetisation of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes, the government will re-introduce rs 1,000 banknotes in a few months and issue new series of lower denomination bills with enhanced security features.
banks on thursday have already started distributing new notes of rs 500 and rs 2,000.
the new rs 500 banknotes will have extra security features besides having peculiar colour, theme and size which differentiate the new bills from the earlier series.
in a few months, rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market, said economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das while addressing the economic editors conference.
advising people not to throng banks as there is enough time to exchange the junked notes, finance minister arunjaitley has assured them that taxman will not hound those making small deposits in scrapped rs 500 or rs 1,000 currency.
he however pointed out that those depositing large amounts of unaccounted money will have to face the consequences under tax laws, which provide for tax and a 200 per cent penalty.
people making small deposits will not have to face any question or harassment of any kind.
the revenue department is not going to take notice of small depositors, arunjaitley added.
giving some more relief to common man, the centre had also announced that the old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes can be used to pay utility bills, taxes, penalty and fees to central and state governments till midnight of november 11.
exemptions have also been made for services like rail and metro ticket, rail catering, airline ticket, buying lpg cylinder and medicines with doctors prescription.
new delhi: response to the pradhan mantri garib kalyan yojana (pmgky) has not been so good, with only rs 5,000 crore unaccounted income being declared under the amnesty scheme, the government said today.
the scheme was launched in december last year to enable people with black money to come clean by paying tax and penalty of 50 per cent.
the response (to the pmgky) has not been so good.
.
.
about rs 5,000 crore of income was declared in pmgky.
there are mainly two factors for it.
one, even before the scheme was announced people had tried to put their cash into different accounts.
second was the (tax and penalty) rate, revenue secretary hasmukh adhia told reporters.
keep in mind that pmgky in that financial year was not an isolated scheme.
you first had the ids, then you had people depositing cash in banking system knowing it would incur a tax liability and pmgky was over and above that.
when you look at the total amount of disclosures made, you have to look at all three of them collectively, the minister said, adding the government is continuing the drive against black money under the benami law.
besides, in the four-month window provided under the income disclosure scheme (ids) between june-september 2016, as much as rs 67,382 crore worth illicit wealth was declared.
offering one last window to black money holders post demonetisation, the government had come out with pmgky giving them time until march-end to come clean by paying tax and penalty.
it provided for payment of 49.
9 per cent tax, surcharge and penalty.
also, a mandatory deposit of 25 per cent of the black money was to be made in a zero-interest bearing account for four years.
by ptinew delhi: dismissing opposition parties' 'mahagathbandhan' as unviable and unworkable, finance minister arunjaitley monday said, india has moved ahead of 1971 and the aspirational society will not commit a collective suicide in the forthcoming general elections.
the two-fold strategy of the opposition parties for the general elections is to pursue anti-modi agenda and take advantage of the electoral arithmetic, he said in a facebook post titled 'agenda for 2019-modi vs chaos'.
will 2019 be a replica of 1971?
it is modi vs an unviable and an unworkable short-lived combination.
or is it modi vs chaos,' arunjaitley wondered.
the minister is currently in the us for a medical check up.
also read: mega opposition alliance filled with 'hollow' people with no ideology: yogendra yadavwe had powerful leaders and a head-start in the media.
additionally, the congress had split into two.
the results were announced, india rejected negativism.
the india of 2019 has moved way ahead of india of 1971.
aspirational society never commit a collective suicide.
lemming syndrome refers to a phenomenon wherein crowds of people, imitate actions of each other just because they see majority of their peers doing it.
he said opposition politics has thrown up four desirous prime ministers wishing to challenge narendra modi.
also read: mamata banerjee has all capabilities to lead country: hd kumaraswamy on 2019 lok sabha pollsit is obvious that the level of satisfaction with pm sh @narendramodi ji is very high.
if that weren't so, what was the need for multiple disparate forces to come together against him?
stating that that anti-modi rally organised by opposition parties in kolkata, became significantly a non-rahul gandhi rally, by his conspicuous absence.
all four ambitious politicians pursue fanciful strategies to replace pm @narendramodi, however, congress can at best dream only to be a pillion rider, arunjaitley noted.
sabarimala: opposition leader ramesh chennithala on monday said the udf mps and mlas will meet president pranab mukherjee in delhi on tuesday regarding the issue of demonetisation of currency notes and the crisis faced by cooperative banks.
addressing a news conference here, chennithala, who was here to have a darsan of lord ayyappa, said that the udf mps and mlas would meet the president to submit a memorandum seeking his intervention to bail out the people from the grave crises caused by demonetisation and denial of permission to cooperative banks to function normally.
the udf leaders would stage a dharna in front of the rashtapathi bhavan on wednesday which would be inaugurated by senior congress leader a k antony.
the mps and mlas would also meet union finance minister arunjaitley and union food and civil supplies minister ramvilas paswan to present the important issues faced by the people of the state.
chennithala urged the finance minister to release adequate supply of rs 500 notes to the state instead of the rs 2,000 notes as there were not enough smaller denomination notes in circulation.
chennithala attacked the central and state governmentsfor the denial of the genuine ration quota.
the centre slashed the ration rice quota to 10 lakh tonnes as against the normal 16.
25 lakh tonnes.
the opposition leader flayed the state government for failing to prevailing upon the centre to release the original quota.
somrita ghosh byexpress news servicesunday lunching for former finance minister arunjaitley would mean visiting his favourite restaurant moti mahal in greater kailash along with his friends and engaging in long chats while polishing off his favourite bara and chicken pakodas, remembers the restaurant chains owner monish gujral.
jaitley's love affair with these two dishes began at the restaurant's daryaganj outlet, recalled gujral.
he was a foodie by nature.
food and friends were his two favourite companions.
and being from delhi he would tell us that from his childhood, he had been a big fan of moti mahal.
lately, he was more associated with the greater kailash outlet, gujral told this newspaper.
jaitleys fondness for the restaurant was also evident when he came as the chief guest to launch the first book by gujral titled moti mahal tandoori trail back in 2004.
arun jaitley's favourite moti mahal restaurant.
i requested him to release the book because he was an ardent fan of our food.
that time he said he came not as a politician but as a moti mahal fan who had been eating our bara and chicken pakodas, he noted.
sharing a fond memory from the book launch, gujral said this was when the fast food chain kfc had just made an entry in india but initially it didnt succeed.
this is perhaps one of the sweetest memories, he added.
watch:however, owing to his health condition and dietary restrictions, his visits to the restaurant became fewer.
but none the less, his family members would visit us.
lately, his personal assistant would order or come to collect food owing to his health.
but he always held that moti mahal made the best baras and chicken pakodas, gujral said.
fatehgarh sahib: shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) president kirpal singh badungar today said sgpc will take up the killing of 17-year-old indian-origin sikh student gurnoor singh nahal in california with external affairs ministry.
he said sgpc cannot take up any matter directly with other country so it will write to external affairs ministry which will further take up the matter with the us.
he said all the attacks on sikhs or punjabis in foreign countries are not racist attack.
sikhs occupy prominent positions in canada, us and other countries.
there are various other reasons behind these attacks, he said.
on demonetisation of high currency notes, sgpc president said the committee will write to finance minister arunjaitley to extend the date of depositing high currency notes of religious places as huge amount was being donated by devotees daily in gurdwaras and it is not easy for the sgpc to deal with the situation in the present period of exchanging currency.
new delhi: india and singapore on friday signed a pact for amendment of the double taxation avoidance agreement (dtaa), in a bid to curb illegal hoarding of money.
with the amendment, investments in india routed through singapore will be liable for capital gains tax.
according to finance minister arunjaitley , this amendment has been done to prevent round-tripping of funds, misused for tax evasion.
earlier this year, india signed similar agreements with mauritius and cyprus.
beginning from april 2017, capital gains tax will be imposed at 50 percent (liabilities will be shared half and half between the countries), grandfathering for a period of two years.
the tax will be imposed completely from april 2019.
singapore and mauritius are among the top countries for foreign direct investments (fdi) in india.
the two countries reportedly have accounted for $17 billion of the total fdi (of $29.
4 billion) between april and december 2015-16.
with these three, we have successfully stopped round tripping through this route.
prior to this amendment, investors enjoyed tax exemption on capital gains, as there was no capital gains tax.
india signed a dtaa with singapore in 1994.
theaccording to an amendment in 2005, any capital gains arising from sale of property or shares were taxable only in the country of residence of the investor.
this meant that singapore-based investors in india, enjoyed exemptions from capital gains tax.
this amendment had been made to encourage singapore-based investors to invest in india.
jaitley termed the latest move as a reasonable burial to black money.
the indian government has also reached an agreement with switzerland where the latter will share complete information on investments from indians in switzerland from 2019, he added.
experts say this was a good move.
anyone could route his illegal money to a foreign country and invest the same in india again through p-notes.
there was no way to find out who was investing.
.
.
the dtaa amendment basically increases transparency, effectively stops round-tripping of funds and the government will get to know information about the investors, pointed out nagaraj bg, financial planner, icici securities.
by express news servicenew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley on friday trashed the oppositions allegations of mismanagement of the economy in the rajya sabha citing data during the nda regime vis-a-vis the upa government.
during the upa, the allocation of about rs 40,000 crore for mgnrega was not even fully utilised.
while the expenditure exceeded to rs 55,000 crore as against a budgetary outlay of rs 48,000 crore for mgnrega in the last fiscal, the government has allocated rs 1.
7 lakh crore for implementation of the food security act in the budget for 2018-19.
the minister said as against fiscal deficit of 5.
9 per cent (2011-12), 4.
9 per cent (2012-13) and 4.
5 per cent (2013-14), the nda government maintained a deficit of 4.
1 per cent (2014-15), 3.
9 per cent (2015-16) and 3.
5 per cent in 2016-17 and 2017-18.
he also cited the revenue deficit to buttress the nda governments performance to counter the oppositions allegations of fiscal imprudence.
he said as against unacceptable revenue deficit of 4.
9 per cent (2011-12), 3.
7 per cent (2012-13) and 3.
2 per cent (2013-14) during the upas last three years, the nda government has maintained revenue deficit of 2.
9 per cent, 2.
5 per cent and 2.
1 per cent after it assumed power in 2014.
4 per cent (2011-12), 10.
4 per cent (2012-13) and 9 per cent (2013-14) as against 2.
5 to 3 per cent after it came to power in 2014.
in the ongoing fiscal, the inflation was 3.
6 per cent because of the implementation of gst.
new delhi: weeks before he presents india's first combined general and railway budget, finance minister arunjaitley today made a strong case for outsourcing of non-core functions like hospitality services of indian railways and pressed for a transparent accounting system.
he said that unless the railways strengthen its performance and internal management system, they will lose out to competition from other sectors like highways and airlines in both passenger and cargo transportation.
the core competence of railways is really to drive trains, to provide those services.
your accounting systems really must reveal more instead of concealing the reality.
what is the kind of investment in infrastructure that is coming in, what is the kind of investment in railway safety, what is the kind of outcome of outlay that you have planned, i think those accounts must really reflect the reality, he said.
the government had in september scrapped the 92-year old practice of presenting a separate railway budget and decided to present a combined general and railway budget for 2017-18 on february 1, 2017.
i'm glad that over the last two years, railways have resisted the temptation of going off-track and falling back to the same level of search of populism over performance and is concentrating on improving its quality, he said.
new delhi: law minister ravi shankar prasad on thursday said it was a collective decision to send senior advocate harish salve and not attorney-general mukul rohtagi to argue indias case on the kulbhushan jadhav case in international court of justice at the hague.
finance minister arunjaitley , minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and the law ministry had a say in the decision to send harish salve and he did an excellent job, prasad said.
he added that rohatgis request to be relieved from his post has been received and action on it would be taken accordingly.
he chose to be mum on who would be the next top legal officer of the country.
on the national judicial appointments commission (njac) case, prasad said, there is no move to revive the njac legislation.
it would need bipartisan support if it is revived.
speaking on corruption cases involving the judiciary, prasad said, the government will not be an adjudicator in cases of alleged corruption in the judiciary.
the judiciary should itself put in place a robust mechanism to deal with complaints against judges.
he refused to talk about the differences between the judiciary and the government over the memorandum of procedure (mop) on appointement of judges and remarked that the mop is a work in progress.
asked about justice c s karnan who has been in hiding since may 9 when he was sentenced to six months in jail by the sc in a contempt case, prasad said the karnan episode highlighted the need for proper judicial scrutiny before appointing a person as a judge of a constitutional court.
by ptinew delhi: the economic advisory council to the prime minister (eac-pm) today discussed possible modalities for implementing the world's largest health protection scheme announced in the union budget, said an official release.
keeping in view the national health scheme announced by the government in the budget for the year 2018-19 presented in parliament on february 1, 2018, the eac-pm discussed the possible modalities of implementing the scheme, said a release.
the mega scheme is likely to be launched either on august 15 or october 2.
it was the 4th eac-pm meeting, chaired by bibek debroy, member, niti aayog.
the release further said that shamika ravi, part-time member of the eac-pm, made a presentation on health reforms.
another part-time member of the eac-pm, ashima goyal, made presentation on the draft 'the indian fiscal-monetary framework: dominance or coordination?
'.
poonam gupta, lead economist - india, world bank, made a presentation on 'world bank report on indian economy'.
new delhi: ahead of the next monetary policy review, reserve bank governor urjit patel today called on finance minister arunjaitley and believed to have discussed various macro-economic issues.
rbi governor usually meets finance minister before the monetary policy review.
the six-member monetary policy committee (mpc) of the rbi headed by patel will meet on june 6 and 7 for the second bimonthly monetary policy statement for 2017-18.
the resolution of the mpc will be placed on the website in the afternoon of june 7, the central bank said in a statement.
before meeting arunjaitley , patel had a meeting with economic affairs secretary tapan ray.
the mpc will be meeting in the backdrop of india's economic growth slowing to 7.
1 per cent in 2016-17.
trade and industry is keenly awaiting the mpc decisions on interest rate.
on april 6, the reserve bank had left its benchmark lending rate unchanged at 6.
25 per cent for the third monetary policy review in a row citing upside risk to inflation.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will chair the 15th meeting of the gst council in new delhi today, where the rates of tax and cess on gold, biscuits and a few other commodities are likely to be finalised.
the council may also review tax rates for some goods in view of representations received from industry.
the approval of amendments of the draft gst rules and related forms are also on the agenda of the meeting, said an official release, adding that this is believed to be the last gst council meeting before the rollout of the new tax regime from 1st of july.
last month, the gst council had put over 1,200 goods and 500 services in the four tax brackets of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent.
it had also imposed cess over and above the peak rate of 28 per cent on demerit and luxury goods.
ahmedabad: stage is set for the 8th edition of the four-day vibrant gujarat global summit, which begins on january 10, 2017 in gandhinagar, state chief secretary j n singh said today.
as many as 12 countries and seven global organisations have joined as partner countries and organisations, he said.
the summit, being held on the theme, connecting india to the world, will also have representatives from various states attending the events, with arunachal pradesh and some other north-eastern states having shown interest, while efforts are on to take neighbouring states on board, singh added.
the 2017 summit will also see for the first time a five-week long nobel laureate exhibition and panel discussions with 8-10 nobel laureates in attendance, singh said.
twelve countries which have partnered the summit are australia, canada, denmark, france, japan, netherlands, poland, singapore, sweden, uae, uk, and the usa.
seven partner organisations - australia india business council, indo-canada chambers of commerce, japan external trade organisation, uae india business council, uk india business council, us india business council, and british council - will also support the summit, singh said.
the 2017 vibrant gujarat global summit, to be held between january 10-13, will be the most exciting global event at least in india.
it will by far exceed any such event being done by other states.
it is also an example of cooperative federalism with several states setting up their platforms, and discussing their ideas, singh told reporters here.
he said gujarat has received active support from centre's department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp), department of biotechnology, and ministry of external affairs for its organisation, which have guided the state in its organisation.
prime minister narendra modi, apart from inaugurating the summit on january 10, will on january 9 inaugurate redeveloped gandhinagar railway station which will have a multi-storey hotel at railway station, among other facilities as part of a pilot project plan to develop railway stations into socio-economic activities hub, he said.
modi will also inaugurate an international stock exchange of bse at gift city and a nobel laureate exhibition, a global trade show on january 9.
he will chair a global ceoround table, which will be a closed-door event with select global and indian ceos on january 10, singh said.
then, on january 11 and 12, as well as on january 13, a host of seminars on 'make in gujarat, action seminar, and other events will be held, the chief secretary said, adding union finance minister arunjaitley is likely to be present ingst seminar.
other seminars on international financial city, aerospace, defence, plastics, pharmaceuticals, among others will be held during the summit.
for the first time action seminars will be organised where discussions will be held among practitioners, experts, industry leaders, incubators, academic innovation centres, civil society and government representatives, on the possibilities of make your own policy environment, singh said.
singh ruled out the adverse impact of demonetisation on the signing of mous or investment intentions at the summit, and said in fact, this may open up opportunities for companies in digital space and service sectors.
so far, from 2003 till 2015, 51,738 mous/investment intentions were signed in vibrant gujarat summits, out of which 34,234 projects are in implementation stage, additional chief secretary (industries and mines) p k taneja informed reporters.
by express news servicenew delhi: barely three days after it was unveiled, a bill to provide 10 per cent reservation in education and jobs to the poor in the general category got parliaments approval on wednesday, with 165 ayes and 7 nays in the rajya sabha.
the constitution (124th amendment) bill is now a step away from becoming law, as it awaits president ram nath kovinds approval.
the lok sabha had passed it on tuesday.
prime minister narandra modi described the passage of the bill  that came all of a sudden and sailed over the ropes like a slog over six  as a victory for social justice.
the near- eight-hour debate began with an opposition uproar when union minister thawar chand gehlot sought to introduce the bill.
they accused the centre of bringing it for political benefit ahead of the general elections.
watch video:however, union minister ravi shankar prasad hit back, claiming the upa ii had a similar proposal but failed to take it to its logical conclusion.
the new quota will be valid for central and state government jobs, though states would be free to define their cut-off, he said.
congress leader anand sharma said the bill was brought in haste to beat the model code of conduct, thinking if not two crore (jobs), then lets dangle a carrot in front of the public, show them another dream that modiji made arrangements for their childrens employment.
he and other congress leaders accused the government of not taking the opposition into confidence.
there is no consent.
the situation is such that there is no dialogue between the opposition and the government, sharma added.
the bill was approved after the house rejected a motion moved by kanimozhi (dmk) and supported by left parties for sending it to a parliamentary select committee for scrutiny.
delighted the rajya sabha has passed the constitution (one hundred and twenty-fourth amendment) bill, 2019.
glad to see such widespread support for the bill.
the house also witnessed a vibrant debate, where several members expressed their insightful opinions.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 9, 2019against 18 members supporting, 155 opposed it and one member abstained.
the bill was approved after the house rejected 5 amendments moved by opposition members.
editorial | timing of new quota bill gives away its real intentwhile the opposition criticised the government for extending the session to take up the bill, finance minister arunjaitley reminded them that the house was adjourned on most working days, when the country expected parliament to function.
dmk member kanimozhi moved a motion to send the bill to a select committee.
her motion was backed by the left, tdp, rjd, aap and jd(s), but not by sp and bsp, exposing fracture in opposition unity.
in the end, her motion was voted out as it had just 18 ayes.
the house was briefly adjourned during the first half as the congress, too, sought to send it to a select committee.
it was mgr who first mooted thisin 1979, tamil nadu chief minister m g ramachandran announced that his government intended to bring reservations for the economically backward among forward communitiesclaiming that it would be implemented from 1981, mgr assured that the move would not affect the quota reserved for backward classes.
by express news servicenew delhi: the lok sabha on tuesday passed the 124th constitution amendment bill, paving the way for 10 per cent quota for economically weaker sections in government jobs and avenues of education.
against the existing social and educational backwardness criteria in the constitution, which empowers centre and states to take affirmative action, the bill adds economically backwardness in article 15 and 16 of the constitution.
the supreme court had quashed the notifications issued by the p v narsimha rao government in 1991 for 10 per cent reservation for economically weaker sections since the move lacked source of power to enable the government to take such an affirmative action.
jaitley added there is no need for 50 per cent of the states to ratify the bill since the amendments affect the fundamental rights in the part iii of the constitution.
earlier, union minister for social justice thawar chand gehlot, while moving the bill, stated that 21 private member bills had been brought in lok sabha to demand reservation for economically weaker sections of the society.
this is a historic step taken by the government to ensure social amity which will also allow state governments to make similar provisions, gehlot added.
an indian man puts a new 2000 rupee note in his wallet after exchanging his old 500 and 1000 rupee notes at a bank in new delhi on november 10, 2016.
rbi's original proposal was to issue rs 5,000 and rs 10,000 currency notes, one, for (curbing) inflation and two, for convenience in handling.
the government thought otherwise, because we wanted replacement currency to be available immediately, and hence we decided to go in for rs 2,000 notes, he said while participating in a programme on india tv here.
today, there are adequate numbers of rs 2,000 notes available with banks, and if all the people start taking rs 2,000 notes, there won't be any more queues outside banks, he said.
as far as issuing new rs 1,000 currency notes is concerned, it will be done, he added.
jaitley said revealed that nearly rs 300 crore has been deposited in prime minister's jan dhan bank accounts in the last three days.
you must accept that transacting in black money is nobody's fundamental right in this country, he said, while seeking to justify the step.
jaitley noted that soon after the demonetisation announcement on november 8, several shops were opened in some parts all through the night to allow black money hoarders to purchase gold.
similarly, huge cash was paid to buy high-value railway tickets and get refunds, he added.
we can't change them overnight, and the system's technology requires at least 2-3 weeks for recalibration of nearly 2 lakh atms.asked why preparations were not done earlier, he said that secrecy was of paramount importance.
we were to keep everything secret till november 8.
you can't say, we take a decision, press a button, and all the atms would function.
it doesn't work like this, he said.
jaitley said that that it was only the prime minister, the finance minister, one or two officials in finance ministry and the reserve bank of india, who knew about the move, on a need to know basis.
as per precedent, on november 8 at 6 p.
m.
, rbi sent its formal recommendation to the government for demonetisation, at 7 p.
m.
the cabinet was informed about the decision, all ministers stayed inside the room, till the prime minister announced it at 8 p.
m.
to the nation, he said.
on delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal's charge that some people in the ruling partyknew about the move in advance, he said: his (kejriwal's) statements do not carry credibility any more.
i checked about any particular surge in bank deposits during september and october, and i found that the maximum surge in bank deposits had taken place between august 31 and september 15, at a time when the arrears of pay commission were being disbursed.
jaitley also said that political parties would now have to change their funding system.
i know the two leaders are facing problems, but there was no political motive behind this decision.
yes, there will be a political effect, which i will not refuse to admit, that political funding for all parties, including bjp, will now become fully transparent.
it was a misfortune that the world's biggest democracy had no transparent funding mechanism in place till now.
by ptinew delhi: paving the way for the first ever-three way merger of public sector lenders, the cabinet wednesday approved amalgamation of dena bank and vijaya bank with bank of baroda that would create the country's third largest lender.
law minister ravi shankar prasad said there would be no retrenchment of employees and that their services conditions would also not be affected post merger.
the boards of the three banks have also cleared the share-swap ratio for the proposed amalgamation.
as per the scheme of amalgamation announced by bank of baroda, shareholders of vijaya bank would get 402 equity shares of bob for every 1,000 shares held in the bank.
in case of dena bank, the shareholders would get 110 shares of bob for every 1,000 shares owned in the bank.
the scheme would come into into force on april 1, 2019.
also read | merger of bob, dena bank and vijaya bank unwarranted: all india bank employees associationat a media briefing, prasad said the cabinet has approved the amalgamation of dena bank and vijaya bank with bob.
there will be no impact on the service conditions of the employees and there will be no retrenchment following the merger, prasad said.
he also said that the amalgamation would help create a strong globally competitive bank with economies of scale and enable realisation of wide-ranging synergies.
the amalgamation would be the first-ever three-way consolidation of banks in india, with a combined business of rs 14.
82 lakh crore, making it the third largest bank after sbi and icici bank.
the merger would also create the second largest public sector bank.
post this merger, the number of psu banks will come down to 19.
leveraging of networks, low-cost deposits and subsidiaries of the three banks has the potential of yielding significant synergies, prasad said.
it would position the consolidated entity for substantial rise in customer base, market reach, operational efficiency, wider bouquet of products and services, and improved access for customers, he added.
the scheme of amalgamation would be laid before the parliament for 30 days for the perusal of the members.
also read | amalgamated bank to be 2nd largest in india: denasources said the scheme would be laid before the parliament before the end of the winter session, which is to end on january 8.
in september 2018, the alternative mechanism headed by finance minister arunjaitley gave in-principle approval for the merger of the three banks with a view to creating a global-sized lender.
last year, financial services secretary rajiv kumar said employees of the merged entity would enjoy best of service conditions and no employees would face a service condition which is in any way adverse in nature.
the brand identity would also be protected.
kumar had also said that the individual strengths of the three banks would translate into advantages in terms of market reach, operational efficiencies and the ability to support a wider offering of product and services.
the government has already committed capital support for the merged entity, which is projected to have a net npa ratio of 5.
71 per cent.
this would be much lower than that the average ratio of 12.
13 per cent for public sector banks.
provision coverage ratio (pcr) would be better at 67.
5 per cent against the average of 63.
7 per cent.
also read | dena bank to receive rs 4,100 crore ahead of mergerfor the merged entity, the cost to income ratio would be 48.
94 per cent whereas the average for public sector lenders is 53.
92 per cent.
capital adequacy ratio (car) at 12.
25 per cent would be significantly above the regulatory norm of 10.
87 per cent.
the amalgamated banks would have access to a wider talent pool and a large database that may be leveraged through analytics for competitive advantage in a rapidly digitalising banking context, prasad said.
on the bse, shares of bob closed at rs 119.
40, down 3.
16 per cent.
shares of vijaya bank and dena bank ended the day almost flat at rs 51.
05 and rs 17.
95, respectively.
in 2017, sbi merged five of its subsidiary banks with itself and also took over bharatiya mahila bank.
this catapulted the state-owned bank into the league of top 50 global lenders.
anuradha shukla byexpress news servicenew delhi: its going to be a vote-on-account in february but that may not stop the narendra modi-led government from announcing tax sops to woo the middle class ahead of the upcoming general elections.
outgoing governments usually dont announce tax reliefs in their interim budgets as it may run afoul of poll code.
this year, however, the model code of conduct would not be in place when finance minister arunjaitley presents his sixth consecutive budget on february 1.
being a vote-on-account, there may not be big-ticket announcements.
however, the government is seriously considering increasing the income tax exemption threshold to give relief to the salaried class, an official told tnie.
a vote on account is a special provision through which the government obtains the vote of parliament for a sum sufficient to fund its expenses for a short period of time or until a full budget is passed.
vote-on-account deals only with the expenditure side of the governments budget and is normally valid for two months.
in its pre-budget recommendations, industry chamber cii had urged the government to double the income tax exemption threshold to rs 5 lakh and increase the deduction limit under section 80c to rs 2.
5 lakh to incentivise savings.
in vote-on-account, the government seeks parliaments nod for incurring expenditure for part of a fiscal year but estimates are presented for the full year.
constitutionally, the government in power can announce tax changes.
however, the new government has full freedom to change the estimates completely when it presents a full-fledged budget.
according to highly placed sources, the economic survey will not be presented on the eve of the budget day, which is the custom.
there was a significant gap in the office when arvind subramanian resigned from the post of chief economic advisor, ahead of his tenure.
even though we have a new cea, there was too less time to prepare the economic survey.
its an important document and cant be prepared overnight.
so it is likely there will be no economic survey this time, a senior official in the finance ministry told tnie.
the budget session will start on january 31.
on the first day, president ram nath kovind is likely to address the joint sitting of the two houses.
full budget in julysince the interim budget is only for four months  april to july  a full budget will be presented by the new government in july.
the economic survey will also be tabled at that time, sources said.
new delhi: in order to meet the heavy demand from customers to conduct their banking transactions, banks in the country will remain open on saturday and sunday, to meet the rush that is expected to swell following the closure of atms and banks on wednesday and scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes.
chanda kochhar, md & ceo, icici bank announced a slew of customer friendly measures by the bank for the new currency regime along with arundhati bhattacharya of state bank of india.
all scheduled and non-scheduled banks, including public, private, foreign, cooperative, regional rural and local area banks, will remain open for public on saturday, november 12 and sunday, november 13, 2016.
banks are advised to keep all their branches open on november 12 and 13, 2016 as regular working days for transacting all business.
banks may give due publicity about availability of banking services on these days, said a rbi statement.
as per the normal schedule, the coming saturday being the second would have been an holiday, but keeping in view the expected rush at the branches, it was decided otherwise.
it is, however, not clear whether post offices would be open or not on the weekend.
there are about 1.
25 lakh post offices across the country.
at the same time, the government and rbi are yet to take a call on keeping banks open on monday, november 14, which is a holiday.
there are about 149 scheduled commercial banks, including 56 regional rural banks, with branch network of about 1.
30 lakh across the country.
besides, the co-operative banks have also been asked to take deposit and exchange the old with the new one.
there will be initial problems, but it will be resolved, said finance minister arun jaitley.
by ptinew delhi: divestment-bound air india's unpaid fuel bills and airport charges are likely to raise its debt figure from the current estimate of around rs 50,000 crore, according to a senior government official.
the government is expected to invite expression of interest (eoi) from bidders for air india this month.
while there is clarity on air india's borrowings from financial institutions, its unpaid fuel bills and airport charges are likely to raise its liabilities, said an aviation ministry official.
he added the total liabilities could exceed the official estimate of approximately rs 50,000 crore as it did not include outstanding bills.
the national carrier had a debt of rs 51,890 crore as on september 30 last year as per provisional figures.
of the total debt, the aircraft loans accounted for rs 18,364 crore and the working capital loans rs 33,526 crore.
civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju was quoted in an interview last month as saying that a debt figure of rs 70,000 crores would not be surprising.
when our exercise of calculating air indias debt began, we found that the sum was hovering around the rs 50,000 crore mark.
but i wont be surprised if the total debt reaches rs 70,000 crore.
since people are looking at the books carefully, they may find more, he was quoted in a media report.
the expression of interest document will lay down the eligibility criteria for bidders, including details of air india's assets as well as specify how much stake the government wants to divest.
it will, however, not mention the reserve price for air india, as per the official.
as part of reviving the ailing airline, the government decided on air india's strategic disinvestment last year and a group of ministers, headed by finance minister arunjaitley , is working out the modalities of the stake sale.
earlier this month, minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha told reporters that at least 51 per cent of air india's ownership will be transferred to the private sector and that the government's ownership will be 49 per cent or less.
the national carrier is likely to be offered for bidding as four different entities.
air india, its low-cost arm air india express and subsidiary aisats would be one entity, while regional arm alliance air would be a separate entity.
besides, air india air transport services ltd (aiatsl) and air india engineering services ltd (aiesl) would be sold separately.
by uninew delhi: amid the worst escalation of tension between india and pakistan, the congress on thursday criticised prime minister narendra modi, for going ahead with ''mera booth, sabse mazboot''- the video conference through which he will address the bjp workers- calling it the glaring case of misplaced priorities.
glaring case of misplaced priorities!
132 crore indians pray for safe and immediate return of india's brave-heart wing commander, abhinandan but modiji desperate only for re-election, tweeted congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala.
stating that the congress postponed its working committee meeting, which was scheduled on february 28, citing the crisis the country is facing after pulwama terror attack, surjewala added that congress cancelled its important cwc and rally today.
pradhan sevak hell-bent on creating a video conference record.
the prime minister will interact with over one crore bjp workers from 15,000 locations across the country at 1215 hrs today, which the bjp claimed duniya ki sabsi badi video conference (world's largest video conference), the congress also alleged that the bjp is using indo-pak conflict for their electoral gains.
read| arunjaitley appeals to opposition to introspect their joint statement on border standoff, congress hit backquoting media reports that former karnataka chief minister and senior bjp leader bs yeddyurappa reportedly said that the 'preemptive strike will help bjp to win 22 of 28 lok sabha seats in karanataka, surjewala asked, dear modiji/ jaitleyji, any more questions on politicisation?
regards, 132 crore indians.
surjewala's criticism came after the allegation made by finance minister arunjaitley , who had stated that the opposition parties 'ill advised statement is being used by pakistan to bolster its case.
the whole nation has spoken in one voice.
why, then is india's opposition alleging that the government is politicising our anti-terror operations, arunjaitley had tweeted.
the congress and 20 other opposition parties on wednesday accused the government and said leaders of the ruling party are (blatantly) politicising the sacrifices of the armed forces.
opposition parties also expressed 'anguish' that the prime minister did not convene an all party meeting on the issue.
by ptimumbai: finance minister arunjaitley sunday hit out at the critics and cynics who blame gst for growth deceleration, saying the indirect tax reform had only a transient impact on growth and that too for two quarters.
but the minister was silent on rajan's criticism of the note-ban, which has disrupted everyone's life in general and that of small traders and small businesses in particular.
though the stated objectives of the move was to curb blackmoney and choke the channels pumping in fake notes into the economy, the rbi in july had stated that as much as 99.
3 per cent of the cancelled notes had come back to the system and also cash in circulation had topped the pre-note-ban days.
interestingly, the government did not celebrate the second anniversary of the controversial decision on november 8, unlike the first anniversary when it had listed out the benefits of the move as increased tax payers' base and higher digital transactions.
claiming that gst had a smooth implementation, arunjaitley , without naming anyone, said, you will always have critics and cynics who will come up and say it slowed down growth.
jaitley, who was addressing the centenary celebrations of the state-run union bank of india through a video message, described gst as a monumental reform that impacted growth for just two quarters, as gdp numbers since then climbed up to 7, 7.
7 and 8.
2 per cent in the subsequent quarters.
he was also quick to point out that these numbers are much higher compared to 5-6 per cent achieved between 2012 and 2014 under the previous government.
the minister said ever since the narendra modi government assumed office, the country has been able to retain its position as the fastest growing major economy.
delivering a lecture in the us friday evening, rajan, whose three-year stint at the rbi ended in september 2016 - two months before demonetisation and almost a year before gst implementation in july 2017 - had termed the twin moves as hard blows to the economy when global growth was much better, thus the country losing out from the rest of the world.
the two successive shocks of demonetisation and gst had serious impacts on growth, which has fallen off interestingly at a time when the global economy was picking up fast, rajan had said.
the reality is that seven (7 per cent growth) is not enough for the kind of people coming into the labour market and we need jobs for them.
so, we need more and cannot be satisfied at this level (of growth), rajan had added.
jaitley said reforms, including gst, demonetisation and the much-contested aadhaar, have ensured greater formalisation of the economy and made available extra resources which are now being utilised for building infrastructure, rural roads and also for paying for various social sector schemes aimed at uplifting the masses.
he reiterated that the aadhaar and the schemes working through it are alone has helped save over rs 90,000 crore and welcomed the supreme court order upholding the biometric-based identity project, though with many conditions.
the minister gave out a list of a slew of schemes where government has been able devote resources because of the additional resources across sectors.
luxury and sin goods will, however, continue to be taxed in a higher bracket.
also read: gst council to consider five per cent gst on under-construction homescurrently, 28 items, including luxury and sin goods, auto parts, dishwashers, ac and cement remain in the highest slab of 28 per cent.
with the goods and services tax (gst) transformation completed, we are close to completing the first set of rates of rationalisation i.
e.
phasing out the 28 per cent slab except in luxury and sin goods, he said.
a future road map could be to work towards a single standard rate instead of two standard rates of 12 per cent and 18 per cent, he said.
it could be a rate at some mid-point between the two.
obviously, this will take some reasonable time when the tax will rise significantly.
also read: india inc hails gst council's move to cut tax ratesall other building materials have already been transferred from 28 per cent to 18 per cent and 12 per cent.
the sun is setting on the 28 per cent slab, he added.
the gst council in its last meeting on saturday cut rates on 23 items, thereby trimming the 28 per cent slab.
jaitley said the standard rate pre-gst rollout was 31 per cent on a large number of commodities.
the assessees had only two options either to pay a high rate of tax or evade it, he said, adding tax evasion was prevalent to a large extent.
india comprised of multiple markets.
those who oppressed india with a 31 per cent indirect tax and consistently belittled the gst must seriously introspect.
irresponsible politics and irresponsible economics is only a race to the bottom, arunjaitley added.
hyderabad: scuffle broke out between opposition ysr congress legislators and marshals inside andhra pradesh assembly this morning as the mlas stormed the speaker's podium for the second consecutive day demanding immediate discussion on the special category status issue.
speaker kodela sivaprasada rao admonished the mlas and the marshals and adjourned the proceedings for 10 minutes as the opposition protest grew noisy.
the ysrc members, wearing black robes, were on their feet as soon as the house met for the day's proceedings at 9 am.
they demanded that a discussion, through their adjournment motion, be immediately taken up on the issue of the special category status for the state.
legislative affairs minister yanamala ramakrishnudu said the government on its own agreed to make a statement in the house on the announcement made by union finance minister arunjaitley extending a special financial package to ap.
the chief minister was ready to make the statement yesterday but you did not allow it.
as decided in the business advisory committee meeting, we can have a discussion in the house only after the chief minister makes the statement, yanamala said.
when ysrc mla peddireddi ramachandra reddy insisted on a discussion without the chief minister's statement, yanamala shot back saying, lotus pond (jagan's residence-cum-ysrc headquarters) rules don't apply in this house.
following this, the ysrc legislators stormed the speaker's podium and some of them tried to surround his chair like they did yesterday.
today, however, the marshals were kept ready in anticipation of the situation and moved in to keep the protesting mlas at bay.
by express news servicenew delhi: finance and revenue secretary hasmukh adhia has refused an extension and will retire on november 30, finance minister arunjaitley announced in his blog on saturday, while going on to shower praise on the bureaucrat who has been at the top of the ministry of finances machinery over the last four years.
the 1981-batch gujarat cadre officer of the indian administrative services (ias) moved to new delhi on november 2014 as secretary in the department of financial services and was eventually appointed as revenue secretary in august 2015.
when incumbent finance secretary ashok lavasa retired, adhia was also made finance secretary in september 2017.
adhia has occupied positions overseeing key ministry functions during both demonetisation and the rollout of goods and services tax (gst) in july 2017.
rate reductions and smoothening of the rough edges were also achieved in a record time.
for his part, adhia tweeted that he would retire on november 30 with a sense of great satisfaction for what i could do for the country.
i am grateful to all those officers and staff who worked with me, while also thanking prime minister narendra modi and jaitley.
jaitley in his post also said adhias tenure as the revenue secretary will be remembered for various initiatives where he provided the bureaucratic leadership.
in a late-night government order, unique identification authority of india (uidai) ceo ajay bhushan pandey has been named as adhia's successor as the revenue secretary.
adhia, a 1981-batch gujarat cadre officer of the indian administrative services (ias), moved to delhi in november 2014 as secretary in the department of financial services after narendra modi became the prime minister.
during his four-year stint in the finance ministry, adhia spearheaded rollout of the historic gst besides implementing a host of laws to unearth black money.
he was also deeply involved in the formulation of various social sector programmes of the modi government.
jaitley in his post said adhia's tenure as the revenue secretary will be remembered for various initiatives where he provided the bureaucratic leadership in shaping and implementation of the policy.
the campaign against black money both within and outside the country was the initial highlight of the revenue department, he said.
jaitley also noted that the income tax department now functions online with no physical interface between the assessee and the assessment official.
i wish him all the best for his post-retirement life.
image used for representational purpose onlynew delhi: indian railways operating ratio likely to drop to 94 percent owing to worsening of passengers and freight revenue this financial year.
member traffic mh.
jamshed said that operating ratio is expected to settle at 94 percent, compared to 92 percent last year.
on possible fare hike, railway minister suresh prabhu said that railways has seen flexi fare system and dynamic pricing is expected to continue in 2017-18.
finance minister arunjaitley and we are are same page (on fare hike) but decision is yet to be taken, said prabhu.
he said fm has given in-principle approval for extra railway safety fund and more money will be spend on safety.
truck drivers walk out of a commercial taxes department check post after getting clearance to cross a checkpoint in tamil nadu (photo | reuters)new delhi: the gst council today failed to reach consensus on the contentious issue of dual control and will meet again on december 11 and 12 to hammer out the differences.
there is no consensus.
.
.
we were not able to arrive at a consensus regarding the cross empowerment model.
therefore, the gst laws could not be completed.
no compensation law is taken up, but formula has arrived and we will rediscuss them,kerala finance minister thomas issac told reporters here after the two-day meeting.
the next meeting of the council, according to an official, will be on december 11 and 12.
the fifth meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) council, headed by union finance minister arunjaitley and comprising state finance ministers, ended today.
the centre intends to implement gst from april 1 next year.
due to constitutional compulsion, the gst has to be rolled out by september 16, 2017, as the existing indirect taxes will come to an end and it would not be possible for either the centre or states to collect the taxes.
the gst council is supposed to finalise the model gst, integrated gst (igst) and compensation laws.
by ptinew delhi: sporadic incidents of violence in west bengal and kerala and rail blockades in certain states were witnessed wednesday on the second day of bharat bandh, which also saw a partial disruption of banking and insurance services across the country.
other sectors like mining, road transport, power supply too bore the brunt of strike call given by country's 10 major central trade unions, except rss affiliate bharatiya mazdoor sangh, to protest against the government's alleged anti-labour policies and unilateral labour reforms.
they had given a call for a two-day bharat bandh on january 8 and 9.
stray incidents of violence were reported from various parts of west bengal wednesday.
stones were pelted at school buses in howrah district.
similar incidents were reported on tuesday as well.
there were similar incidents of stone pelting in other parts of the state too.
also read: bus services affected in karnataka on the second day of strikein kerala, a treasury branch of the state bank of india in thiruvananthapuram was attacked and trains were blocked in various parts of the state on the second day of the strike.
at the thiruvananthapuram railway station, thiruvananthapuram-hyderabad sabari express and venad express were stopped, while the kottayam-nilambur passenger train in kalamassery was held up for a while.
at many places in kerala, shops and commercial establishments remained shut, and buses and auto-rickshaws were also off roads in the state.
trains were stopped by protesters at a few places in tamil nadu and banking services in some public sector banks interrupted in telangana but life largely remained unaffected on wednesday.
however, some impact of the strike was seen in goa as private buses and tourist taxis remained off roads.
long queues of passengers were seen at various bus stands after the private buses association in the state shut operations.
in mumbai, lakhs of commuters faced hardships as an indefinite strike called by best, the city's civic transport undertaking, continued.
there were only five buses plying on city roads.
over 32,000 best employees went on an indefinite strike tuesday over various demands, including higher salaries.
causing severe inconvenience to commuters in bengaluru, hundreds of protesters from the left trade unions disrupted bus services at majestic, the central bus stand, here.
also read: rail, road traffic disrupted in odisha on day two of strikethe karnataka state road transport corporation (ksrtc) buses also remained stationed in their respective depots across the state as protesters damaged the vehicles.
train services in eastern railway zone were disrupted wednesday after supporters of the bandh resorted to blockades at many places.
a suspected bomb was found on the railway tracks at ashoknagar in sealdah-bongaon section that led to suspension of train services in the route.
in odisha, train services were hit on the second day of the strike as trade union activists staged 'rail roko' at several places including bhubaneswar, balasore and berhampur.
several trains were delayed due to blockade of railway tracks by strike supporters, leaving a large number of passengers stranded at many places.
many states invoked essential services maintenance laws while the centre had issued a stern warning to refrain from the stir tuesday.
banking services were also partially affected for the second day, as a section of psu bank employees came in support of the strike call.
all india bank employees' association (aibea) and bank employees' federation of india (befi) have supported the strike, which has impacted banking operation where these two unions are strong.
however, the operation in sbi and private sector banks remained unaffected as other seven unions in the banking sector are not part of the strike.
according to aibea general secretary c h vekatchalam, cash transactions, clearance of cheques, remittances, bills discounting and foreign exchange transactions were impacted.
cheques worth about rs 20,000 crore could not be cleared by clearing houses all over the country on tuesday, he claimed.
hind mazdoor sabha general secretary harbhajan singh sidhu said there is 100 per cent strike in assam, bihar, odisha, manipur, meghalaya, maharashtra and goa and mining activity was almost stopped across the country.
we got good response in industrial areas in punjab, haryana and rajasthan as well.
in our protest march from mandi house to parliament in the capital, around 4,000 workers came on road to express their anguish, he added.
he also said that there was a 100 per cent strike in 22 districts of madhya pradesh and 20 districts of karnataka.
according to unions, the strike was affected due to ugc exams, which started from tuesday as some state transport departments decided not to participate completely in the strike in the interest of students.
the exams were scheduled in some states on wednesday as well.
they have alleged that the government has failed to create jobs and grossly ignored unions' 12-point charter of demands.
they also said that group of ministers headed by finance minister arunjaitley on labour issues has not called unions for any discussion since september 2, 2015, strike which left them with no other option but to go on another strike.
farming communities, through their associations, have also extended support to the strike.
student and teacher organisations of various universities have also declared support, the statement had said.
a mutiliated currency notes exchanger has put up a sign of not acceptance of demonetized currency notes of 500 and 1000 at his roadside stall in amritsar.
(pti)new delhi: a day after prime minister narendra modi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1000 currency notes, the government machinery on wednesday, spent the day allying fears of economic slowdown by the decision.
if the money is legitimate which had been previously withdrawn from bank or earned legally and saved and had been disclosed, there is nothing to worry about, he said.
he explained that the reserve bank of india has ensured that adequate currency is provided in all banks and post offices.
but it would require two-three weeks for full adequate replacement.
asking the public and industry not to panic but read the top bureaucrats explained the details.
the new high-security rs 500 and rs 2,000 currency notes will soon be available in atms from november 11 reserve bank of india is closely monitoring fresh notes that would be issued, said ashok lavasa finance secretary.
jaitley allayed fears of the public and clarified, housewives and farmers with genuine savings need not worry about depositing cash in their bank accounts.
the small amounts that people will deposit like rs 25,000, rs 30,000 or rs 0,000 lying in house for expenses, whatever money could be there for meeting normal family expenses they need not worry.
they can go to banks, he said.
jaitley said old higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies.
if it is illegal money, source will have to be disclosed and if it is a crime money, or bribe money, then it is trouble, he said.
he acknowledged that whatever inconvenience public are facing is only for a couple of days or couple of weeks but those inconvenience cannot be alibi to allow india to live with black money and parallel economy, he said.
the move, the finance minister said would help country to move towards a digital economy and make india a tax compliant.
finance minister said, the decision would bring more transactions under tax net.
this will help increase the direct and indirect tax.
responding to a question, arunjaitley acknowledged, the decision will have ramifications on political parties and election.
chandigarh: as part of the capt amarinder singh-led congress government's administrative reforms, the punjab cabinet on monday approved the introduction of a draft bill to streamline appointments and bring transparency in the functioning of the office of the advocate general.
the punjab law officers (engagement) act, 2017, bill will be tabled for enactment in the current session of the assembly.
an official said it was aimed at putting in place an efficacious mechanism for the engagement of law officers in the advocate generals office purely on merit, as per the directions of the supreme court and high court.
the enactment of the legislation will bring in greater transparency, fairness and objectivity in the appointment of senior additional advocate general, additional advocate general, senior deputy advocate general, deputy advocate general, assistant advocate general and advocate on record, the spokesperson added.
also in another key decision in the cabinet, principal amendments in the qualifications and experience for the post of the chairman-cum-managing director (cmd) in the punjab state power corporation limited (pspcl) to strengthen the organisation and make it more effective were approved.
as per the cabinet decision, the pspcl cmd would now be an ias officer, in the rank of principal secretary or above, having experience of working in the power sector.
concurrently, the cabinet has also amended the terms and conditions with respect to qualifications and experience for the said post, adding the streams of civil engineering, electronics and communication engineering, instrumentation engineering and information technology to the existing basic qualifications.
in addition, the experience of central electricity authority (cea) would also be considered for the post of cmd.
in another decision, the cabinet decided to engage the services of inspector general of police khubi ram (retd) as security adviser to the chief minister in the rank of additional director general of police (adgp), with entitlement to equivalent status, pay, perks, privileges and allowances, as admissible in such cases.
it was also decided in the cabinet to take up the matter of settlement of the legacy accounts regarding the pending cash credit limit (ccl) with the union government along with rbi and sbi, on priority basis in larger public interest and in view of the states financial situation.
the state government, which has inherited a huge debt legacy from the previous sad-bjp government, will actively pursue the issue with the centre.
it may be recalled that the chief minister had last week met union finance minister arunjaitley to seek immediate authorization and release of `20,683 crore ccl from the central government for smooth and timely wheat procurement in the state.
the procurement of wheat in the state is slated to commence on april 1.
at its meeting here on monday the state cabinet also approved supplementary grants for the year 2016-17 to be presented before the state assembly during the ongoing session.
the cabinet also cleared the proposal for seeking vote-on-account for 2017-18 in the vidhan sabha.
the supplementary grants and vote-on-account are scheduled to be presented before the house on march 29.
bengaluru: v srinivasa prasad, former minister and dalit leader, finally announced his decision to join the bjp and contest the nanjangud seat for the bypoll election.
prasad, whose decision to join the party was expected all along, met party state president b s yeddyurappa on saturday morning and held talks with him for more than an hour.
later speaking to reporters, prasad said that he would officially join the bjp on january 2 in the presence of senior leaders.
v srinivasa prasadi have requested yeddyurappa that the party conduct itself in such a way that it does not adversely impact my self respect.
yeddyurappa has agreed to this, he said.
prasad, who was dropped from siddaramaiahs cabinet in july, had on several occasions publicly criticised the cms style of functioning.
for long there was speculation that he would either join the jd(s) or bjp, who had both been wooing him.
prasad had earlier been a vocal critic of bjp and had opposed its pursuance of right-wing ideologies.
he now defended his actions saying that he had joined the bjp in accordance to the wishes and advice of his supporters.
this will be his second stint with bjp.
i have served as minister in the atal behari vajpayee government before and have an excellent equation with advani, rajnath singh, arunjaitley and prime minister narendra modi.
i have also held several rounds of talks with yeddyurappa and have made it clear that i do not want any position in the party, prasad said.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today accused the opposition of inventing reasons to run away from a debate on demonetisation and took a swipe at former pm manmohan singh's over his criticism, saying it is no surprise that he is unhappy as maximum blackmoney was generated under his rule.
rejecting singh's contention that gdp growth will plunge by 2 per cent, he said demonetisation will have positive impact on the economy over medium to long term as the money from shadow economy will find its way into the mainstream.
his response came after singh castigated the government and the prime minister over demonetisation during rajya sabha debate, saying its implementation was a monumental management failure and a case of organised loot and legalised plunder.
as the rajya sabha was repeatedly adjourned with opposition insisting that the prime minister be present during the entire debate, arunjaitley lashed out at the opposition saying it was not keen on debate but on disruption.
the government position is very clear from the day one that we are ready for the debate.
.
.
.
the opposition was finding excuses to avoid discussion but today morning they were taken by surprise when we announced that the prime minister will participate in the debate.
lashing out at the previous upa government, arunjaitley alleged that the maximum black money was generated during the 2004-14 as well as the period was engulfed in various scams like 2g and coal scam.
we are not surprise that they did not like the anti-black money measures the government has taken.
.
.
those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder, he said.
lot of shadow money will become part of banking system (due to demonetisation).
the minister said the measure will increase lending capacity of banks which could extend the money to farmers, social sector and also industry.
seeking to bring out contrast between the upa and the current nda regimes, the minister said the previous government had policy paralysis and thus, could not take tough decision unlike the modi dispensation.
on an allegation that some bjp leaders were aware of the move, while arunjaitley was not kept in the loop, the finance minister said, this decision was kept a secret.
the people who needed to know, knew (about it).
.
.
the allegation is already contradictory that the information was known to some bjp members as though i was not a bjp member.
jaitley also rejected the accusation that rbi governor urjit patel did not address the media after the announcement of the scheme, saying the office people are supposed to perform and not come out in front of the camera.
underlining that the demonetisation decision is in the interest of the country, he said the government has taken the right steps and is implementing it in the right manner and will defend it.
he also rejected the jpc demand by some of the opposition parties, saying there should be some evidence or blame for initiating such investigation.
new delhi: with the fifth meeting of the goods and services tax (gst) council remaining inconclusive as the impasse over the issue of assessee jurisdiction continued, union finance minister arunjaitley on saturday said he was keeping his fingers crossed.
the critical issue is of cross empowerment or dual control.
are we close to a resolution?
logjams are created only to be broken.
we will discuss it further on december 11 and 12, he added.
the council in the meeting also could not complete the approval process on the four drafts - central gst, state gst, integrated gst and state compensation law.
mumbai: the market notched up its biggest single-session rally in about three weeks today to end above the 26,000-mark as sensex rebounded by over 406 points after finance minister arunjaitley underlined the need to have globally compatible tax rates to broad-base the economy.
jaitley has also gone to great lengths to allay market fears that the government has no intention to impose tax on long-term capital gains on share earnings.
the broader nse nifty too rebounded from a 7-month low, which was hit yesterday, as it went past the 8,000-mark.
the benchmark sensex opened higher and closed at 26,213.
44, a gain of 406.
34 points, or 1.
57 per cent, its biggest single-session rally since december 8 when it had gained 457.
41 points.
it had dropped by 233.
60 points yesterday, hit by talk of higher taxation after prime minister's remarks on securities market.
the nse 50-share nifty recovered 124.
60 points, or 1.
58 per cent, to end at 8,032.
85 after moving in a range of 8,044.
65 to 7,903.
70.
a higher opening in europe and a mixed closing at other asian markets too offered some cues.
what you need is a broader base of economy for which you need a lower level of taxation.
sentiment changed for the better after arunjaitley clarified that the government has no intention to impose tax on long-term capital gains, triggering buying by investors, which saw the indices regain key levels, traders said.
recovery, particularly in beaten-down pharmaceutical, fmcg, metal and oil and gas stocks on value-buying fuelled the rally.
however, concerns remained as the rupee depreciated to to again breach the 68-mark against the dollar during the day.
out of the 30-share sensex pack, 29 ended higher.
itc emerged as the top gainer by surging 4.
02 per cent, followed by tata steel (3.
23 per cent).
other major gainers were adani ports (2.
87 per cent), icici bank (2.
25 per cent), lupin (2.
13 per cent) and sbi (1.
88 per cent).
fmcg went up by 2.
55 per cent, followed by metal 2.
46 per cent, consumer durables (2.
05 per cent) and healthcare (1.
73 per cent).
tracking the overall trend, broader markets saw buying by retail investors, which helped mid-cap and small-cap indices move up by 1.
71 per cent and 1.
49 per cent, respectively.
meanwhile, foreign funds sold shares worth rs 1,095.
04 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
overseas, european stocks were trading higher as key indices like frankfurt, paris and london's ftse rose by up to 0.
14 per cent.
asian stocks ended mixed, with japan's nikkei rising 0.
03 per cent and shanghai composite shedding 0.
19 per cent.
financial markets in hong kong remained closed today for a public holiday.
jonathan ananda byexpress news servicenew delhi: following up last years five per cent corporate tax cut for firms with turnover up to rs 50 crore, finance minister arunjaitley has extended the concession to a wider base of small companies this time around.
the budget proposes to extend the benefit of this reduced rate of 25 per cent to companies that have reported turnover up to rs 250 crore in 2016-17.
this will benefit the entire class of micro, small and medium enterprises which accounts for almost 99 per cent of companies filing their tax returns, arunjaitley noted.
the government expects the incentives to result in an estimated revenue fall of rs 7,000 crore during 2018-19.
the move is part of a series of measures focused on boosting the msme (micro, small and medium enterprises) sector and, in turn, enhancing languishing job creation.
along with the tax cut, the government has also proposed rolling out other measures  primarily to ease availability of credit to small firms.
allocations to the labour-intensive textile sector have been increased from rs 6,000 crore to rs 7,148 crore.
this measure (tax cut), as also the enhanced budgetary allocation for credit support, capital and interest subsidy will have a benign impact on the smaller enterprises.
that apart, simplification of procedures for credit availability through online-system for smes is a very welcome step, nirmal minda, president, automotive component manufacturers association of india, said.
however, some experts like r narayan, ceo, power2sme, say there were a few disappointments.
we had hoped for some more transformational reforms to boost overall morale, he noted, pointing out that measures to address issues of delayed payments to msmes were absent.
move to fast-track treds mechanismthe budget also announced measures to fast-track the trade electronic receivable discounting system (treds), an online mechanism for facilitating the financing of trade receivables of msmes through multiple financiers.
by ptinew delhi: reserve bank governor shaktikanta das called on outgoing finance minister arunjaitley here on sunday.
the governor in a tweet said that it was a courtesy meeting.
had a courtesy meeting with hon'ble union minister @arunjaitley this evening, das tweeted while posting a picture of the meeting.
his tweet came amid speculations in some media on the state of jaitley's health.
dispelling such rumours, the government sunday said reports on the deteriorating health of arunjaitley are false and baseless, and media should stay clear of rumour mongering.
reports in a section of media regarding union minister shri arun jaitley's health condition are false and baseless.
media is advised to stay clear of rumour mongering, government spokesperson sitanshu kar tweeted.
jaitley's college friend and media baron rajat sharma as well as rajya sabha mp swapan dasgupta also rejected reports on deteriorating health of the senior bjp leader.
dasgupta tweeted that he met arunjaitley sunday afternoon and presented a copy of his book to him.
in another tweet, he said, actually he is off all medication now.
just recovering his strength and working as usual.
he is still meeting officials.
questions about @arunjaitley health understandable.
he is recovering from a bout of heavy medication.
but he is still in terrific form and his wit is firmly intact.
needs a little rest to get back his strength.
all our good wishes, the mp tweeted.
new delhi: the union cabinet today approved winding up of the 25-year-old foreign investment promotion board (fipb), which has been vetting fdi proposals requiring government approval.
fipb will be replaced by a new mechanism under which the proposals will be approved by the ministries concerned as per the standard operating procedure approved by the cabinet, he added.
jaitley further said that proposals in sensitive sectors will require the home ministry's approval.
on the proposals pending with fipb, he said they will go back to the ministries concerned.
fipb was constituted under the prime minister's office following economic liberalisation in the early 1990s.
currently, only 11 sectors, including defence and retail trading, require government approval for foreign direct investment (fdi).
jaitley said that about 91-95 per cent of fdi proposals are under the automatic route.
tthere could also be a provision for quarterly review of pending proposals by the economic affairs secretary and annual review by the finance minister.
the fdi proposals above rs 5,000 crore would continue to be cleared by the cabinet committee on economic affairs.
inflow of foreign direct investment into india increased by 9 per cent to usd 43.
48 billion in 2016-17.
thiruvananthapuram: keralas protest against the centre on the post-demonetisation chaos and alleged attempts to choke the co-operative sector in the state as well as slashing the quota of essential ration commodities will bang in the national capital on wednesday.
opposition leader ramesh chennithala will lead all udf mlas and mps for a dharna at jantar mantar, scaling up the protests hitherto confined to kerala,underscoring that the step-motherly treatment to the state cannot be approved any longer.
the peoples representatives from the state will also meet finance minister arunjaitley and food minister ram vilas paswan to apprise the ground realities in the consumer state viz-a-viz currency reforms/ration quota cuts/co-operative sector crisis.
congress working committee member a k antony will inaugurate the dharna at 10 am on wednesday.
senior leaders vayalar ravi, p c chacko, coalition leaders p k kunhalikutty and n k premachandran will also attend.
ramesh chennithala, in a statement, said the currency reforms announced by narendra modi sans preparedness has shattered the very economic foundations of kerala than any other state.
by ptinew delhi: stock market participants will be keenly awaiting the union budget to be presented on february 1 to decide their future course and will also have their eyes glued to corporate earnings, including of blue-chips hdfc and icici bank, this week, according to experts.
pmi data for the manufacturing sector which is due on thursday would also influence trading sentiments.
finance minister arunjaitley will be presenting first post-gst budget on february 1, 2018.
this will also be the last full budget of the ruling nda government before the general elections of 2019.
earnings upgrade is more likely after seeing the initial set of results but the current rich valuation and upcoming economic events may interrupt aggressive buying.
.
.
the week ahead is eventful with a slew of economic data but the major event is the union budget and market will likely to brace more volatility, said vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services.
among major firms scheduled to come up with their earnings this week are: hdfc, icici bank, bajaj auto, ntpc, ioc, reliance communications and tech mahindra.
on expectations from the budget 2018-19, iifl partner and head of research amar ambani said, in the last full budget before the 2019 general elections, capital market investors would be keen to know of the government's stand on two critical issues: fiscal consolidation and tax burden on capital market investments.
expectations are running high as it will be the first post-gst and last full-year budget before the general elections in 2019.
markets expect government to follow fiscal prudence path and increase infrastructure and rural spending, said v k sharma, head private client group and capital market strategy, hdfc securities.
last week, the 30-share sensex added 538.
86 points, or 1.
51 per cent; while the broader nifty gathered 174.
95 points, or 1.
60 per cent.
new delhi: finance minister arunjaitley will travel to paris next week to sign the oecd multilateral convention that aims to check crossborder tax evasion by multinational companies.
during his three-day visit beginning june 7, arunjaitley will also attend the oecd ministerial council meeting, in which ministers from the oecd and partner countries will discuss issues of global relevance.
the union cabinet had earlier this month approved signing of the multilateral convention of the organisation for economic cooperation and development (oecd).
the convention is an outcome of the oecd-g20 beps project to tackle base erosion and profit shifting (beps) which is resorted to by mncs through tax planning strategies by exploiting gaps and mismatches in tax rules.
it helps them artificially shift profits to low or no- tax locations, resulting in little or no overall corporate tax being paid.
once the convention becomes operational, it will ensure the bilateral tax treaty provisions are read in conjunction with the corresponding provisions in the multilateral instrument (mli) along with related country reservations.
over 100 jurisdictions have already concluded negotiations on the mli and a formal signing of the convention will take place in paris on june 7.
mli also offers an option to each country to select the provision for adoption in its tax treaty.
besides signing mli, arunjaitley on june 7 and 8 will attend the oecd's ministerial council meeting, which will discuss a new inclusive growth narrative centred on improving well-being for all in open and digitised economies and define a more people-centred approach to international standard- setting.
new delhi: in one other form of protest tamil farmers protesting at jantar mantar were eating food spilled on the road on tuesday, the farmers said they will do blood protest by piercing their tongue, mouth and cheeks with trishul (trident) tomorrow.
desiya murpokku dravida kazhagam (dmdk) chief vijayakanths wife premalatha also joined the farmers she earlier met union minister pon radhakrishnan regarding the demands of farmers.
no one here is to be blamed.
be it dmk or aiadmk, i travelled from chennai to delhi just to support my farmers who give food to us.
nothing has been implemented.
we will fight for them saidpremalatha.
over 200 farmers are protesting since march 14th at jantar mantar demanding rs. 40,000 crore from the central government to the whole state of tamil nadu, waiver of farmer loan and release cauvery water to the regions of tamil nadu.
the piercing of mouth and tongue is a devotion that is known as kavadi attam (burden dance) which is largely practiced and celebrated in tamil nadu during thaipusam, lord murugun (karthik) festival.
we practice this in the kavadi attam.
sometimes in happiness but often people do when their life is in sorrow and full of problem, so we will do this as we have query indias prime minister is notlistening to us may lord murugan may give some mercy said a farmer.
a memorandum has been submitted to the finance minister arunjaitley to prime minister narendra modi.
we will immediately stop the protest, once our demands and pm will listen to us.
otherwise we will not stop our protest.
this will continue until we die said the farmers.
in other side, many others who are supporting the farmers said that the final hearing and a good news will come within three-four days for the protesting farmers.
new delhi: within two days of the commencement of the winter session of the parliament, both the houses were in a gridlock, with clear indications emerging that the impasse would prolong after the top bjp strategists decided to force an apology from the leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad for claiming that more deaths had been caused due to demonetisation than the loss of lives of the armed forces in the uri terror attack.
the nda floor managers also decided not to budge on the stand that a discussion on demonetisation in the lok sabha could take place only under the rule 193, which concludes with the reply of the concerned minister.
the congress, however, had sought the discussion under rule 56, which entails voting, with an intention to censure the government.
union finance minister arunjaitley , union minister for parliamentary affairs ananth kumar and union minister for information and broadcasting venkiah naidu went into a huddle after both the houses were adjourned for the day following persisting ruckus.
the ministers have decided that leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha has to apologise if the upper house has to function.
azads claims of more deaths caused due to demonetisation than that of the uri attack are not acceptable.
he has sought to bring down the morale of the armed forces, sources privy to the deliberations stated.
the nda floor managers have noted that the opposition would stick to their positions to create a ruckus in both the houses of the parliament with an eye on the upcoming elections in five states early next year.
there are enough days in the current session of the parliament to pass at least the three legislative bills to allow the rollout of the goods and services tax (gst) from april 1, 2017.
we can bear the loss of business for one more week, but will not give grounds to the opposition and by then there will be marked for improvement in the implementation of demonetisation, sources added.
the lok sabha witnessed ruckus during the question hour with the opposition led by the trinamool congress raising slogans against demonetisation.
later, leader of the congress in the house mallikarjuna kharge sought admission of the adjournment motion under rule 56 on demonetisation.
there should be voting after the discussion.
we want to censure the government over the shoddy implementation of the decision, kharge said.
however, the speaker stated that the motion had already been rejected.
union minister for parliamentary affairs intervened to say that the government is ready to discuss the issue under rule 193 so that the house does not give conflicting messages to the people on a decision which is aimed against the black money, terror funding and counterfeit currency.
the lok sabha was adjourned for the day amidst the ruckus.
by animumbai: market indices took a steep hit in friday morning trade, in response to this years union budget, tabled earlier on thursday.
while the sensex fell by 530.
85 points to 35,376.
40, nses nifty saw a 158.
85 point decline to 10,858.
05.
while hcl technologies, bajaj auto, and itc gained early, stocks of axis bank, yes bank, sbi, adani ports, icici bank, kotak mahindra bank, and tata steel incurred early losses.
meanwhile, the rupee dropped by 6 paise to 64.
08 against the dollar in morning, largely due to concerns over widening fiscal deficit.
the government on thursday in the union budget 2018-19 introduced a long-term capital gains tax of 10 per cent on stock market gains exceeding rs 1 lakh, which spurred volatility in the foreign exchange market.
by ptiislamabad: pakistan needs to launch an aggressive diplomatic effort to secure enough support to come out of the greylist or prevent itself from falling into the blacklist of the financial action task force (fatf) next month, a senior government official has said.
the official's remarks came after a 10-member pakistani delegation attended a two-day meeting of the asia-pacific group (apg) of the paris-based global watchdog fatf in the southern chinese city of guangzhou where it defended pakistan's efforts against money laundering and terror financing.
the official, who participated in the apg meeting in guangzhou last week, told the dawn newspaper that pakistan has taken aggressive steps in the last two months in view of the coming fatf plenary and working group meetings in orlando, florida, scheduled for june 16-21.
also read | pakistan's efforts to act against terror groups, money laundering questioned at apg meet in chinathe orlando plenary will actually set the stage for pakistan's future even though a formal announcement would come out at the next fatf plenary due in paris on october 18-23, he said.
while speaking to the dawn, the official said, we believe we have generally delivered on the technical side i.
e legal and administrative action, regulations, monitoring, enforcement and inter-agency and stakeholder coordination and now require more of the diplomatic push to counter the adversaries.
he said prime minister imran khan was expected to get a briefing on the guangzhou meeting and on the way forward on monday.
the official said it was expected that minister for foreign affairs shah mehmood qureshi would now coordinate with stakeholders on a strategy to reach out to nations around the globe.
the task is difficult as the us-india grouping which has greater influence in the international arena and on the non-aligned members of the fatf prefer to abstain than siding with pakistan.
according to the report, pakistan requires about 15-16 votes to move out of the greylist and a minimum of three votes to avoid the blacklist.
the fatf currently comprises 36 members with voting powers and two regional organisations, representing most of the major financial centres in all parts of the globe.
the fatf plenary had formally placed pakistan in the grey list in june 2018 after the country could not secure a minimum of three votes.
china is set to secure fatf presidency next year while saudi arabia representing the gulf cooperation council is to become a full fatf member.
turkey was the only member that stood by pakistan despite a strong campaign launched by the us, the uk, india and europe.
pakistan's seriousness to act against proscribed terror outfits and its efforts to curb money laundering and terror financing were questioned by members of a regional affiliate of the fatf at the guangzhou meeting.
the official said the pakistani delegation presented a robust case before the apg panel on the country's progress on the 10-point action plan committed with the global watchdog despite tough questioning from some participants.
the apg would now submit its findings, based on pakistan's report and question-answer session, to the fatf in its june 16-21 plenary and working group meetings in the united states.
by ianscongress president rahul gandhi on monday accused prime minister narendra modi of removing cbi chief alok verma following an internal conflict in the agency and alleged that madhya pradesh's shivraj singh chouhan government is pursuing a dharma of corruption.
addressing a rally in the poll-bound state, gandhi also targeted the modi government over jobs, saying he (gandhi) feels upset to see a number of products with made in china written on them.
gandhi alleged that the chouhan government was involved in the vyapam scam and also accused it of financial irregularities while organising simhastha kumbh in ujjain in 2016.
nearly 50 persons were killed in the aftermath of vyapam scam.
the state's education infrastructure has been finished.
they talk of dharma but their dharma is corruption.
they did not spare even the kumbh.
there was corruption in (simhastha) kumbh.
.
.
the cost was inflated nearly 10 times.
there was a demand for cbi inquiry.
.
.
but even the cbi director has been removed by modi, he said.
the congress chief targeted modi over the rafale deal as well and alleged there was corruption from top to bottom.
he also accused finance minister arunjaitley of remaining silent on the punjab national bank (pnb) scam to protect his lawyer daughter, who, he said, was a paid retainer of accused mehul choksi.
there is 'chowkidar' (watchman) on top, there is arunjaitley below and further below shivraj singh chouhan.
there is corruption at every level, he said, adding that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders take money from the people of state even for small works.
gandhi said the modi government has waived off loans of big industrialists but when farmers want the waiver of their loans, where the amount involved in much less, arunjaitley would not oblige.
we will waive off farmer loans in 10 days.
i do not make false promises.
if the congress chief minister is not able to waive off loans in 10 days, there will be a new chief minister, he said.
the congress will not do a favour to farmers by waiving off their loans, as this is their right, he added.
listing the failures of the modi government, he said it has not fulfilled promises like creating job opportunities for the youth, unearthing black money and raising the minimum support price of crops, among others.
earlier, gandhi reached ujjain by a special flight on a two-day visit to the state.
he performed special puja at the mahakaleshwar temple.
he was accompanied by state congress president kamal nath and poll campaign in-charge jyotiraditya scindia.
elections to the state assembly will be held in madhya pradesh on november 28.
the congress is seeking to oust the bjp which has been in power in the state for the past 15 years.
by ptinew delhi: former finance minister arunjaitley was cremated at the nigambodh ghat here with full state honours on sunday in the presence of relatives, top leaders from across the political spectrum and scores of his admirers and party workers.
skies opened up as jaitley's son rohan lit the pyre amid chanting of vedic hymns.
hundreds of mourners had converged at the cremation ground along the banks of the yamuna river to bid final farewell to the 66-year-old bjp stalwart who passed away at the aiims here on saturday.
read more | mr dependable departs: the many shades of former finance minister arun jaitleysenior leaders laid wreaths on the mortal remains and a gun salute was given before the last rites.
vice president venkaiah naidu, lok sabha speaker om birla, bjp veteran lk advani, party president and home minister amit shah, defence minister rajnath singh, party's working president j p nadda, union ministers nirmala sitharaman, smriti irani and anurag thakur, bjp mps including vijay goel and vinay sahasrabuddhe, congress leaders ghulam nabi azad, jyotiraditya scindia and kapil sibal, ncp leader praful patel were among those present.
a visibly emotional naidu, who had worked closely with arunjaitley in the bjp, stood with folded hands for several minutes near the body.
leaders at arun jaitley's funeral in nigam bodh ghat.
(photo | arun kumar, eps)chief ministers of delhi, maharashtra, gujarat, karnataka, bihar and uttarakhand, arvind kejriwal, devendra fadnavis, vijay rupani, b s yediyurappa, nitish kumar and trivendra singh rawat respectively, were also there.
read more | rip arun jaitley: the man who guided modi through the corridors of powerprime minister narendra modi, who is on a foreign visit, had on saturday paid an emotional tribute to arunjaitley , saying he cannot imagine that he was far away from india in bahrain while his dear friend and party colleague passed away in new delhi.
wrapped in the national flag, jaitley's body was brought at around 11 am to the bjp headquarters located on the deen dayal upadhyaya marg from his kailash colony residence.
bjp workers queued up in large numbers outside the party headquarters since morning to pay their last respects to the leader.
a steady stream of mourners -- from partymen to common people including schoolchildren -- filed past the body which was kept there for over two-and-a-half hours.
party workers remembered arunjaitley as a leader who always helped them when they were in need.
arun jaitley's son rohan lighting the funeral pyre.
(photo | parveen negi, eps)i used to go to his house along with a party leader.
he was a very decent and friendly person who hardly said no to any request for help by party workers, said dildar hussain, a bjp worker from jama masjid area.
a bjp worker from girideeh in jharkhan, raj kishore, who waited patiently outside the bjp office to pay homage to arunjaitley , termed him as a sober politician who never hurt anyone with his words or deeds.
his conduct and his manners were impeccable.
i have heard several stories of how he helped ordinary party workers whenever they approached him, kishore said.
similar sentiments were expressed by many party leaders and workers who thronged the bjp headquarters to pay homage to the departed leader.
as the body was taken to the cremation ground in a flower-decked gun carriage, slogans of 'jaitley ji amar rahein' (long live jaitley) rent the air.
shah, nadda, singh and other leaders followed the carriage in their cars from party headquarters to the nigambodh ghat.
new delhi: the bjp chief amit shah is likely to meet the shiv sena supremo uddhav thackeray during his maharashtra visit beginning friday.
with the shiv sena vocally expressing its views independently on the presidential election, shah is expected to bring the maharashtra ally on board for the july 17 poll.
the shiv sena mouthpiece saamna has also reported that the meeting of the party chief with shah could take place on june 18.
incidentally, shah is embarking on three days visit of the state as part of the campaign of the party to reach out to the people with the three years achievements of the narendra modi led nda government.
the shiv sena has consistently maintained that the rss supremo mohan bhagwat should be announced as the official nominee of the nda for the presidential election.
the bjp takes senas suggestion of bhagwats name for presidential election as mischievous with the intention to provoke the ruling party at the centre.
the bjp chief, however, reportedly enjoys cordial relations with thackeray.
the two leaders had a separate meeting in the national capital on the day of the nda meeting called by the prime minister on the last day of the budget session of parliament.
the bjp and shiv sena have been in a stormy relation since the time of the maharashtra assembly elections when the two parties contested the polls independently.
meanwhile, the bjp panel consisting of union ministers for home affairs rajnath singh, union minister for information and broadcasting m venkaiah naidu and union finance minister arunjaitley is all set to reach out to the congress chief sonia gandhi and the cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechury on friday.
naidu had also held talks with the tdp chief and andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu on the issue of presidential election.
the ap chief minister has reportedly stated that his party would stand by the decision of the prime minister on presidential election.
the bjp leaders are also likely to reach out to the other bjp allies in the coming days, with the party panel slated to meet on sunday.
by aninew delhi: prime minister narendra modi will on monday leave for davos, switzerland to attend the 48th annual meeting of the world economic forum.
the prime minister will be accompanied by finance minister arunjaitley , commerce and industry minister suresh prabhu among others.
he is scheduled to deliver a keynote address on the opening day of the meeting on tuesday.
the prime minister will also hold bilateral talks with the president of swiss confederation, alain berset, besides holding a series of meetings with business leaders and addressing the international business council.
under the theme creating a shared future in a fractured world, the meeting aims to set an agenda to address political, economic and social challenges of recent times.
this year, over 3,000 global leaders from business, government, politics, academia and social sectors are participating at the summit which will conclude on january 26.
by ptinew delhi: in a bid to clean up election funding, finance minister arunjaitley today came out with contours of new 'electoral bonds' that can be bought from specified branches of sbi and used to donate money to political parties.
the bearer instrument will not carry the name of the payee and can be bought for any value, in multiples of rs 1,000, rs 10,000, rs 1 lakh, rs 10 lakh or rs 1 crore, he said in a statement in the lok sabha.
although called a bond, they will be interest-free debt instruments that resemble promissory notes where the sbi will be the custodian of the donor's funds until the political parties are paid.
the electoral bonds with a life of only 15 days, during which it can be used for making donation only to registered political parties, can be encashed only through a designated bank account of the receiver.
the bonds will be available for purchase for 10 days each in the months of january, april, july and october.
the window would be for 30 days in the year of general election.
jaitley said the purchaser, whose name will not appear on the bonds, would have to make kyc disclosures to the sbi.
a citizen of india or a body incorporated in india will be eligible to purchase the bond, he said.
hyderabad: the bodhla familys monthly income comes from five sources, the pension of the patriarch, and salaries of the three children and the daughter-in-law.
together they pull in about rs 1.
42 lakh.
their expenditure amounts to rs 72,000, including rs 22,000 as rent.
their cumulative savings are rs 68,000 mostly in insurance and chit funds.
given that three of the five earning members fall in the rs 2.
5-5 lakh income bracket, the family should benefit from the tax cut (from 10 per cent to 5 per cent) announced by finance minister arunjaitley in the budget 2017-18.
but the family had been expecting the fm to raise the tax exemption limit to rs 4 lakh and so was disappointed.
in fact, venkateshwarlu described it as a play it safe budget.
the only positive aspect of the budget he found was the 10-year senior citizen pension scheme with an 8 per cent interest rate.
he thinks it might interest pensioners like him.
the family wasnt impressed by the digital initiatives in the budget either.
venkateshwarlu said the aadhar-based health cards for senior citizens left him indifferent.
initiatives like the removal of all duties on devices used in cashless transactions (pos machines, fingerprint readers, etc) might help the merchant but not the consumer directly.
as divija said, after all that digital talk, there was no mention of anything on the online security of our transactions.
the housing sector is one that the bodhlas have some interest in.
the family had expected a reduction in interest rates for housing loans.
but the fm left the matter of housing loan interest rates to banks, which have grown fat on demonetisation-accrued monies.
instead, he announced a number of measures to promote affordable housing.
these too would not benefit consumers like the bodhlas directly, but realtors who have been hit by demonetisation.
the matriarch kusuma kumari was the most supportive of jaitleys exertions.
she said the focus on mahila sakthi kendras and financial aid for pregnant women were encouraging.
i like the push for an amendment to the drugs and cosmetics rules to ensure availability of drugs at reasonable prices, she said.
the bodhlas have their roots in farming back in their place of origin, nizamabad.
they know the difficulties of farmers, and so jayasree took jaitleys intention to double farmers income in five years with a pinch of salt.
how would that happen?
whats been done to eliminate middlemen?
the government should have considered waiving the loans of small farmers, she said.
jaitley did announce computerisation and integration of 63,000 primary agriculture credit societies with district central cooperative banks but whats the direct benefit to farmers, vamsikrishna asked.
in sum, the bodhlas said the budget seemed an effort to address hiccups thrown by demonetisation.
it has measures for farmers and realtors who seem to have been most affected by demonetisation, with a tax sop for the lowest income tax slab.
sunitha natti byexpress news servicehyderabad: two years after demonetisation, the government on thursday declared increase in tax collections as one of its key successes.
but there is more to it than what meets the eye.
while the government is taking a breezier view on the outcome of the currency reform, in reality, growth in tax collections is yet to catch up with pre-demo and pre-financial crisis periods.
for instance, total direct tax collections saw an enviable year-on-year growth during pre-crisis years, when direct taxes grew 24 per cent and 39 per cent in fy06 and fy07, respectively.
in this backdrop, fy18s provisional growth estimate of 18 per cent simply pales in comparison.
similarly, personal tax collections during fy18 are pegged at 20 per cent over fy17, but this is just half the growth rate seen in fy08 when they grew by a mighty 41 per cent!
ditto with corporate taxes, which shot up 42.
5 per cent during fy07, making fy18s projected 18 per cent growth a weaker sibling.
lastly, the contribution of direct taxes (which includes corporate, personal and other taxes) to total tax collections is yet to regain its past glory of 56 per cent registered prior to note ban years (fy18 projected at 52 per cent).
this, however, may not be a dampener considering the wider tax base and collections.
the number of income tax assessees, according to finance minister arunjaitley , may have nearly doubled from 3.
8 crore in may 2014 to 6.
86 crore now but to assume the same has led to a proportional surge in direct tax collections might be misleading.
tax revenue took a knock following the global financial crisis, with personal tax collections even witnessing a decline of 0.
3 per cent in fy09, but soon were on a climb in the following years when growth touched 18-20 per cent during fy13 and fy14.
thanks to demo, growth fell to a seven-year low of 8.
2 per cent in fy16.
similarly, corporate tax collection growth fell to a 10-year low of 5.
6 per cent in fy16, which was lower than the 10.
2 per cent growth in the financial crisis period of fy09, implying the financial harm caused by demo.
new delhi: with the lok sabha unanimously passing the goods and services tax (gst) bill, union finance minister arunjaitley has said it is a very important step forward in unifying the indirect tax structures in india.
both houses of parliament have approved it and what is important that they have done it by a unanimous vote, which shows the larger political consensus on this issue.
congress vice president rahul gandhi also hailed the passage of the bill, saying that the issue relating to the 18 percent cap on gst rate would be taken up by his party in december.
addressing the media, gandhi said, earlier, we had three major differences in regard to the gst.
weve worked out those differences.
there is one issue, the 18 percent cap issue, and we feel that it is a very important that there is a cap.
because we are worried about inflation resulting from no cap, we will discuss about it in december.
but overall, it is a good step.
last week, the gst bill was passed in the rajya sabha with a thumping majority of 203 votes.
the all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam (aiadmk) members, however, walked out of the upper house and abstained from voting.
after its passage in the lok sabha, the bill will go to the states for ratification.
the bill needs to be ratified by half of the states to become a law.
after the amendments are carried out, parliament will pass the gst and integrated gst bills and the assemblies will pass state gst bill for the rollout of the tax reform in the country.
chief ministers of various states have said if required, they would call special sessions for the passage of the bill in their respective state assemblies.
the gst is aimed at bringing uniform tax regime in the country by subsuming state levies.
under it, a single rate of gst will replace various taxes to ensure seamless transfer of goods and services.
thiruvananthapuram: finance minister thomas isaac has urged union finance minister arunjaitley to relax the rs 24,000 cash payment limit on governments salary and pension payments.
in a letter to arunjaitley , isaac said the current restriction would hamper the interests of 10.
5 lakh employees and pensioners.
currently about 5.
5 lakh employees and pensioners draw their salary through banks, 4.
5 lakh through treasury accounts and the rest about 50,000 in cash.
this does not include psu employees, daily wage/ contract employees.
most of the employees, particularly the class iii and class iv employees and a very large proportion of pensioners settle their outstanding credit from the previous month availed for the day-to-day living expenses in the first fortnight of the month.
hence assuring liquidity in the first fortnight of the month is critical to them, he said.
he also requested arunjaitley to give instructions to the rbi to ensure sufficient fund flow to the treasuries department.
the average monthly estimate of salary payments is rs 3,100 crore.
a labourer pulls a cart loaded with sacks of spices at a wholesale spice and chemical market in the old quarters of delhi, india, december 19, 2016.
picture taken december 19, 2016.
reutersnew delhi: the prospects of introducing a goods and services tax (gst) in india next april, its biggest tax reform, faded on friday after central and state finance officials postponed talks on how to administer the tax after a two-day meeting.
prime minister narendra modi, who aims to push the tax reform to replace various central and state levies with one tax, is facing resistance from states after his surprise decision last month to scrap high-value currency notes.
many states including west bengal and kerala have said modi's decision to scrap 86 percent of the cash in circulation had hit their revenue collections, as they collect value-added tax on goods and other duties.
they will meet again for two days from jan.
i am trying my best, he said when asked about the april introduction of the tax.
i am not going to bind myself to anything.
he assured the states that they would be compensated 100 percent for losses directly attributable to the gst implementation for five years.
the long-awaited gst is one of the most significant reforms since india opened its economy 25 years ago, and the most significant revamping of the tax system since independence in 1947.
there is no way we can meet the april 1 gst deadline, k pandiarajan, a minister of tamil nadu, told a tv channel after the meeting.
officials said the new tax law would need to come into effect by mid-september when the old system of indirect taxation is due to lapse.
the minister also said the scrapping of old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes will increase tax compliance and reduce threat of counterfeit currency.
india continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world.
.
.
the currency reform initiative will move the indian economy to a less cash trajectory, increase tax compliance and reduce the threats from counterfeit currency which acts as a source of terror funding, he said.
he was speaking at the international monetary and financial committee (imfc) meeting here yesterday.
the minister said growth is expected to gain strength in the coming years due to externalities derived from deep structural reforms implemented by the government and robust aggregate demand.
the gst will deliver significant externalities by way of improved taxation efficiency and ease of doing business and will convert india into one common market, he added.
as per provisional estimates, real gdp grew by 7.
9 per cent in 2015-16 compared with 7.
2 per cent in 2014-15.
the second advance estimate for gdp growth for 2016-17 is placed at 7.
1 per cent.
the indian government in november last year scrapped rs 500 and rs 1000 notes to curb blackmoney and terror funding as well as to promote digital transactions.
by ptinew delhi: the supreme court on monday dismissed a pil seeking quashing of the february 1 interim budget on the alleged ground that there was no constitutional provision for an interim budget.
a bench comprising chief justice ranjan gogoi and justice sanjiv khanna said it was not inclined to entertain the petition by lawyer manohar lal sharma, filed in his personal capacity.
sharma in his pil said there was provision for only a full annual budget and a vote-on-account under the constitution.
a vote-on-account is an approval taken in an election year for a limited period for government spending; a full-fledged budget is presented later by the newly elected government.
the interim budget was presented in the lok sabha on february 1, proposing an array of incentives for both middle class and farmers.
the 2019 lok sabha elections are scheduled to take place within a few months.
in december last year, the top court imposed a cost of rs 50,000 on sharma for filing public interest litigation against finance minister arunjaitley over an issue related to the reserve bank of india's capital reserve.
by ptinew delhi: on the second anniversary of demonetisation, cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury thursday alleged that prime minister narendra modi through note ban had singlehandedly destroyed the livelihood of people and the economy of the country.
the government's demonetisation move was a disaster for the economy and the people, the cpi(m) general secretary said.
on the modi government's prediction that demonetisation would end black money, corruption and terminate terrorism, yechury claimed that the indian economy is yet to recover from the impact of note ban.
modi and his minions claimed demonetisation will end black money, finish corruption, terminate terrorism, and bring only digital transactions.
two years later, modi is silent.
the truth is that he singlehandedly destroyed the economy, lives and livelihoods, he tweeted.
finance minister arunjaitley on thursday made a strong defence of the note ban move, saying it resulted in formalisation of economy and increased tax base, with the government earmarking more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
yechury claimed that five years ago, modi had promised rs 15 lakh in every indian's bank account, but those who got huge amounts are the ones who looted banks and fled the country.
they want you to forget that rs 15 lakh for every indian was promised by modi.
it was exactly five years ago.
those who got rs 150000 lakhs are the ones who looted the banks and then were allowed to scoot from india (sic), the cpi (m) leader said on twitter.
the cpi(m) polit bureau in a statement alleged that all the claims of the modi government that demonetisation would unearth lakhs of crores of rupees of black money and end corruption have proven to be utterly false.
on the contrary, with 99.
4 per cent of the banned notes back in the system, it is clear that demonetization has, in fact, been the avenue to convert black money into white helping the most corrupt, the party said.
the left party also alleged that crores of people dependent on daily cash transactions have been devastated and more than 35 lakh workers in the unorganised sector have lost their livelihood.
nor has there been any impact on terrorist activities due to funding crunch as claimed by modi at that time.
on the contrary, official data reveals that incidents of terrorist attacks have more than doubled,the cpi(m) said in the statement.
on the finance ministers statement, the cpi(m) alleged that he too was equally responsible for the mess in the indian economy.
by express news servicenew delhi: as the congress launched an orchestrated attack on the government on the second anniversary of demonetisation, the bjp posed 10 questions to the party asking why it was opposing measures taken against corruption.
finance minister arunjaitley also questioned the prophets of doom, as he called the congress leaders for predicting that demonetisation would have disastrous consequences while listing out the benefits of note ban.
why does congress find merit in protesting against every anti-corruption measure of the government?
what do they fear?
the bjp asked in a series of posers put out from its official twitter handle.
in a reference to p chidambaram, the bjp wondered how a former finance minister spoke on policy matters when he himself was on the radar of investigating agencies for massive corruption involving land, cash and foreign bank accounts.
stating that the deputy leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, anand sharma, had opposed note ban on the floor of the house, the bjp asserted that the country had in the last two years seen an increase in tax returns by over rs 2 crore.
is this why you (sharma) opposed demonetisation?
the bjp asked the congress leader.
the bjp also challenged the congress to name one stringent measure aimed at eliminating corruption and black money taken during the upa.
the congress now remembers small business, but did the upa think of this sector even once?
except tax terror, raid raj and arbitrary policies, what did the congress do for the small businesses?
it asked.
the party also claimed that demonetisation had lead to formalisation of the economy, which has empowered the poor and marginalised.
why is the congress opposing that?
separately, arunjaitley in a social media post titled impact of demonetisation asserted that the exercise had helped tackle tax evasion.
he listed an 80 per cent jump in income tax return filers to 6.
86 crore, increase in digital transactions and more resources being available for poor and for building better infrastructure as the main achievements of the move.
an ill-informed criticism of the demonetisation is that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks.
confiscation of currency was not an objective of demonetisation.
getting it into the formal economy and making the holders pay tax was the broader objective of the decision of demonetisation.
the system required to be shaken in order to make india move from cash to digital transactions, the minister argued.
by reutersmumbai: indian bonds slumped on thursday after the government set a slightly wider-than-expected budget deficit target for the next fiscal year, while shares clawed back earlier losses as investors welcomed spending in key areas of the slowing economy.
finance minister arunjaitley set the government's fiscal deficit at 3.
3 percent of gross domestic product for the 2018/19 fiscal year, higher than market expectations of 3.
2 percent.
but analysts said the falls in bonds may not be sustained in the near-term given the widening in the deficit was not as large as some investors had feared.
it's the last full-year budget from prime minister narendra modi's government before a national election due by may 2019.
however, they later recovered as investors welcomed a budget that allocated billions of dollars to the rural sector and lowered corporate taxes.
the government should be commended for sticking to fiscal discipline.
while a small amount of slippage did occur, the larger point is that populist measures have been avoided, and all initiatives are centred around development, growth, said sunil sharma, chief investment officer at sanctum wealth management.
the yield for the benchmark 10-year bond rose as much as 17 basis points to 7.
60 percent from the previous close.
the nifty fell as much as 1.
3 percent after arunjaitley announced the long-term capital gains tax, but was flat as of 0956 gmt.
india currently does not tax capital gains on equities if the investments were held for more than a year earlier before selling.
the rupee weakened to 63.
7450 per dollar from its 63.
58 close on wednesday.
balancing actindia's economic growth had been hampered by a chaotic rollout of a goods and service tax last year and a shock move to ban high value currency notes in late 2016, creating complications for the government in its efforts to craft a balance budget.
india was expected to loosen its fiscal deficit targets, which were previously set at 3.
0 percent of gdp for 2018/19, however, investors had said they would be willing to accept a modest widening in the budget shortfall as long spending was targeted to key sectors.
india's economy is expected to grow 6.
75 percent in the year to march, but is projected to pick up to 7.
0 to 7.
5 percent in the next fiscal year, once again becoming the world's fastest-growing economy.
.
nonetheless challenges remain to the outlook for markets, as a spike in inflation has hit bond markets, with the 10-year bond yield having risen more than 80 basis points since july - the biggest spike since the 2013 rupee crisis.
the reserve bank of india is due to hold its next policy review on feb.
6-7 amid worries it could raise rates in coming months after inflation hit a 17-month high in december, well above its 4 percent targetstocks have been more resilient, gaining 4.
7 percent this year and hitting records amid signs earnings are recovering after years of poor performance.
new delhi: jan dhan accounts have seen a huge surge in deposits, with rs. 21,000 crore being parked in such accounts following demonetisation announced earlier this month.
in the last 13 days, banks have been flooded with deposits in jan dhan accounts that have touched rs. 21,000 crore, sources said.
on november 8, prime minister narendra modi in a surprise move announced demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes and since then, long queues before banks and post offices are seen to deposit or exchange these currencies.
mamata banerjee-ruled west bengal leads the pack of states which has seen the highest deposits so far followed by karnataka.
following the currency withdrawal, the total balance has crossed rs. 65,000 crore to rs. 66,636 crore.
as of november 9, the balance in about 25.
5 crore such accounts was rs 45,636.
61 crore.
with a view to increasing banking penetration and promoting financial inclusion and with the main objective of covering all households with at least one bank account per household across the country, pradhan mantri jan dhan yojna (pmjdy) was launched on august 28, 2014.
such accounts have a deposit limit of rs 50,000.
we are getting some complaints that suddenly monies have popped up in the jan dhan accounts, so there is a misuse and that is why the rationing in initial days takes place, he had said.
he had cautioned that the departments concerned will act if anything improper is found in the deposits.
by just depositing it (unaccounted money), you don't avoid the responsibility of paying tax, he said when asked about the surge in deposits in banks following the withdrawal of high denomination currency notes.
he further said the income tax department is keeping an eye on such deposits.
as per rbi, about rs 8.
45 lakh crore in scrapped rs 500 and 1,000 notes were deposited with banks by november 27.
following the government's decision to demonetise from november 8 mid-night, people have been depositing these notes in banks.
the lok sabha has amended the income tax act to provide for higher tax and penalty on such undisclosed income.
the bill is pending in the rajya sabha.
as per the amendment, the government will levy a tax of 50 per cent on unaccounted demonetised cash if it is disclosed voluntarily till december 30.
after that, a steep tax and penalty of up to 85 per cent will be levied on undisclosed wealth that is discovered by authorities.
replying to a question of long queues for withdrawal of cash at banks, the finance minister said rbi has increased the supply of new rs 500 notes and asserted that the situation will improve soon.
jaitley also discussed the issues concerningdemonetisation with the state finance ministers after the gst council meeting.
several state finance ministers, he said, demanded relaxation in the fiscal responsibility and budget management (frbm) norms as well as an increase in ways and means advances to deal with their public finances.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley thursday said demonetisation resulted in the formalisation of the economy and increased tax base, prompting the government to earmark more resources for the poor and infrastructure development.
86 crore from 3.
8 crore in may 2014.
by the time the first five years of this government are over, we will be close to doubling the assessee base, he said in the post titled impact of demonetisation.
the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes in november 2016, the minister said, had resulted in more formalisation (of the economy), more revenue, more resources for the poor, better infrastructure, and a better quality of life for our citizens.
he further said with the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst), it is now becoming increasingly difficult to evade the tax system and the indirect tax to gross domestic product (gdp) ratio has gone up to 5.
4 per cent post-gst, from 4.
4 per cent in 2014-15.
getting it into the formal economy and making the holders pay tax was the broader objective.
the system required to be shaken in order to make india move from cash to digital transactions.
the government had on november 8, 2016, announced ban on old 500 and 1000 rupee notes, to curb black money in the system.
of the rs 15.
41 lakh crore worth rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in circulation on november 8, 2016, 99.
3 per cent or notes worth rs 15.
31 lakh crore have returned to the banking system.
also read: double blow of demonetisation and gst has tn businessmen struggling to dole out bonusthis means, just rs 10,720 crore of the junked currency did not return to the banking system.
after the note ban, old junked notes, called specified bank notes (sbns), were allowed to be deposited in banks with unusual deposits coming under income tax scrutiny.
jaitley said demonetisation compelled holders of cash to deposit the same in the banks.
the violators faced punitive actions.
larger deposits in banks improved lending capacity for the banks.
a lot of this money was diverted to mutual funds for further investments.
it became a part of the formal system, arunjaitley added.
also read: demonetisation curbed naxal violence, says report by bjp-linked grouphe said the share of the indigenously developed payment system of unified payments interface (upi) and rupay card have reached 65 per cent of the payments done through debit and credit cards.
jaitley said in 2017-18, the tax returns filed reached 6.
86 crore, an increase of 25 per cent over the previous year.
this year, as on october 31, 2018, already 5.
99 crore returns have been filed - which is an increase of 54.
33 per cent compared to the previous year till this date.
as many as 86.
35 lakh new filers were added this year.
economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg said demonetisation and gst reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms.
tax filers under both direct and indirect taxes are close to getting doubled.
digital payments have risen sharply and become commonplace.
fake notes are out, garg tweeted.
by iansnew delhi: the rs 14,000 crore nirav modi-pnb scam is not the first and certainly not the last despite elaborate checks prescribed by the regulators, says a new book by b.v. kumar, a former head of the directorate of revenue (intelligence) who was in the thick of the struggle against scamsters, smugglers and underworld during his 35 years in the indian revenue service (irs).
the case of (diamantaire) nirav modi and the punjab national bank has thrown up the issue of vulnerability of banks to frauds.
this was not the first case, tragically and unfortunately, despite several such cases having been detected by the enforcement agencies and even after all elaborate checks prescribed by regulators, such frauds will continue and this will not be the last case, kumar writes in the exhaustive dri & the dons - the untold stories (konark/pp 448/rs 525).
nothing can prevent human ingenuity from breaching those barriers in order to commit financial fraud, kumar writes, pointing to a similar case with international ramifications detected by by dri mumbai that was a pointer to many such frauds that might have been committed and have gone undetected for many years.
that fraud, detected in september 1998, involved mumbai-based hamco mining and smelting ltd and its associate companies remitting huge amounts of foreign exchange ostensibly against imports made by them - without actually receiving the goods.
also read: mehul choksi could be extradited to india, says antigua pmseveral rules, regulations, checks and controls have since been put in place to prevent the repetition of such frauds.
alas, the more things change, the more they remain the same.
such frauds continue to this day.
and enforcement agencies continue to have their hands full, kumar writes in the book which was released here on friday evening.
in the present instance, then finance minister arunjaitley informed the rajya sabha in march that nirav modi obtained his first fraudulent guarantee from pnb on march 10, 2011 and another 1,212 such guarantees till may 23, 2017.
nirav modi, his wife, his uncle mehul choksi and other members of the family flew the coop in january just before the scandal broke.
he has been jailed in london and his fourth bail plea was rejected last week.
that's one aspect of the book, which, through its 48 chapters, details the dri's attempts to counter the likes of haji mastan, iqbal mirchi, dawood ibrahim, vicky goswami, mustafa dossa, sukar naran bakhia, alamzeb and a host of others.
also read: 'left india for medical check-up, treatment', says pnb scam accused mehul choksi tells courtan endeavour has been made to record some of the most important cases detected by various dri officers at great personal sacrifice, sometimes even at the cost of their own personal wellbeing and life.
a few officers have been disabled and some of them were shot or killed by anti-national elements, kumar writes.
the book paints a grim picture of the scenario ahead.
kumar writes that with burgeoning inflation, widening balance of payment deficit and a weak rupee against the dollar, the demands for goods of conspicuous consumption - including gold, luxury goods and electronic goods with the latest technology - would create its own supply.
the tariff barriers raised by the donald trump administration and the counter-measures by the chinese and indian governments will naturally raise the cost of such goods and create the required environment for organised crime to enter the fray.
it should also be kept in mind that organised crime would take over all connected operations since there is a close nexus between organised crime, economic crime, drug trafficking, terrorist activity and money laundering - ultimately resulting in subversion of the democratic political process, kumar writes.
noting that banks and financial institutions are a vital link in facilitating international trade in goods and services, he warns that they are also vulnerable to organised crime, drug traffickers, terrorists and white-collar criminals.
thus, the evolving scenario needs a coordinated response from the law enforcement agencies to combat organised crime.
the political establishment should also recognize that the law enforcement agencies should be well-equipped for greater engagement to give a fitting response.
for this, their intelligence apparatus, should be upgraded and wherever necessary, with the latest technological tools.
it should also be remembered that the effectiveness of any measures taken will succeed only when there is political will and direction to combat this menace, the author concludes.
new delhi: the lok sabha on tuesday witnessed slugfest over government formation in manipur and goa, with the congress alleging flouting of the democratic norms.
even while the speaker sumitra mahajan did not allow discussions on the issue, the congress members were heard shouting from their benches, with the treasury benches refuting their claims.
the congress staged a walk out during the question hour after the speaker declined to allow mallikarjuna kharge to raise the issue.
union minister for finance arunjaitley rose to make an intervention, claiming that strong words had been used by the opposition, the speaker stated that nothing had gone in the record.
later, jaitely blogged to argue that the convention has evolved from calling the single largest party to form the government bin favour of the group demonstrating majority support, while giving a number of instances in the past.
noting that the congress complains a bit too much, jaitely wrote in the post that there are several instances to support the governor of goa to invite manohar parrikar having the support of 21 mlas to form the government.
he argued that after the demonstration of the support of 21 mlas the governor could not have invited a formation of 17 mlas to form the government in goa.
jaitely added that the congress unsuccessfully knocked at the doors of the supreme court.
new delhi: speaker sumitra mahajan today accepted the resignation of amarinder singh, the deputy leader of congress in the lok sabha.
i have accepted his resignation with effect from november 23, she said.
singh had met the speaker yesterday and tendered his resignation from the house.
singh had announced his resignation in protest against the injustice meted out to the people of punjab following the november 10 supreme court verdict on the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal water sharing agreement which he and most other state parties have been opposing.
the syl agreement has become a major political issue in the poll-bound state in which singh, a former chief minister, is leading his party's campaign to capture the powerfrom the sad-bjp alliance, which has been ruling for a decade.
he had said that he decided to quit the lok sabha as a mark of protest against the deprivation of the people of my state of the much-needed sutlej river water.
singh was elected to parliament defeating bjp heavyweight and finance minister arunjaitley from the prestigious amritsar lok sabha seat.
by reutersbengaluru: india is expected to unveil only modest stimulus at this week's budget, a reuters poll of analysts showed, despite it being the last before the next election, with government spending likely limited by longer-term efforts to trim the fiscal deficit.
fiscal consolidation was first proposed by prime minister narendra modi's bharatiya janata party (bjp) government in its maiden budget in fiscal 2014/15, aiming to break a long line of indian governments that preferred to borrow and spend.
but in following budgets, the timeframe for reaching a reduction to a 3.
0 percent fiscal deficit target was pushed back.
the latest reuters poll shows the government is expected to delay the timeframe for hitting that target by another year, for the third year in a row, due to setbacks in the economic outlook.
the median forecast from over 40 economists polled jan 24-29 was for india's government to borrow 3.
2 percent of gross domestic product (gdp) in fiscal 2018-19.
as the current government will present its last full-year budget before the 2019 general elections, many in the market expect a heavier dose of populism.
however, the government has limited financial resources to propose any targeted scheme for the poor, wrote gautam duggad, head of research at motilal oswal securities, in a research note.
we also do not expect much relief on the tax front, except some reduction in the corporate tax rate for medium-sized companies.
the government's own economic survey presented to parliament on monday suggested that pushing further out the fiscal deficit target would give the economy some momentum.
for the current fiscal year, the target is 3.
2 percent and the government is unlikely to meet that as it has already overshot its full-year goal.
with less than one quarter of the fiscal year left, the government is unlikely to meet its deficit target.
three-quarters of the 40 economists polled, based in india, singapore and europe, said that fiscal consolidation is likely to be finance minister arun jaitley's dominant theme when he unveils his budget on thursday.
just under 10 percent of survey respondents said he will focus on boosting subsidies while about 18 percent expect a significant increase in borrowing and spending.
among those expecting a more populist budget are economists that say the government will announce new subsidies, such as loan waivers for farmers, an increase in healthcare spending, a cut to taxes on fuel and a ramp up in rural housing schemes.
some also said the focus on the potential budget provisions could address rising rural dissatisfaction shown by the increase in farmer protests and suicides across india.
we expect india's upcoming union budget to focus extensively on the agriculture sector, especially given that the government has only one year left in its current term and will want to boost its popularity before the next election, noted kunal kundu, india economist at societe generale.
with the reserve bank of india holding interest rates for now, demand for fiscal stimulus has increased after the ban of high-value currency notes in november 2016 and the implementation of a goods and services tax (gst) last year.
the economy, which likely marked its weakest pace of growth in four years in fiscal year ending in march, is still recovering from those two measures.
shilan shah, senior india economist at capital economics, a consultancy, wrote in a note to clients that the government is unlikely to meet its deficit targets for this year and next.
india's economy is forecast to grow by 6.
6 percent in the current fiscal year, which would be its weakest since before a new calculation was introduced in fiscal 2014-15, a reuters poll of economists found earlier in january.
those employees have been suspended by the bank.
the minister further said the enforcement directorate (ed) and the central bureau of investigation (cbi) are keeping a watch on the activities on bankers, and the top management of banks has been advised to take action against delinquent officials.
banks have identified those employees who were not caught by the government agencies, said the minister.
the axis bank chairperson has also gave us the details of those employees who were not caught by the investigative agencies but were suspected of having helped in the fraud, arunjaitley assured.
