These are being replaced with new currency bills of Rs 500 and Rs 2,000".
In a few months, Rs 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market," said Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the Economic Editor's Conference here today.
The currency notes of lower denomination of Rs 100 and Rs 50 will continue to be the legal tender, he said, adding the Reserve Bank will come out with new series of such notes with new design and added security features.
According to the RBI, the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes accounted for 86% of the total value of notes in circulation.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that the demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years.
This landmark move is being hailed as the biggest currency conversion in the world both in terms of value and quantity.
Rs 1,000 currency notes to be back soon: CentreNew Delhi, November 11,2016, DHNS: 0:58 ISTThe Union government plans to re-introduce Rs 1,000 currency note with a new design and additional security features once the dust settles on the decision to demonetise high denomination bank notes.
The Rs 1,000 currency notes will make a comeback in a few months, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here.
The government also has plans to introduce Rs 100 and Rs 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features.
The government also has plans to introduce Rs 100 and Rs 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features.
Explaining the reason for holding back the release of Rs 1,000 currency notes, Das said maintaining secrecy about the entire exercise was topmost priority, prompting the government to rope in only two to three people for designing the new notes.
When you change design of notes, it is a laborious process, he said, adding that if the government had decided in favour of simultaneous release ofRs 1,000 notes, more designers would have to be engaged, thus putting the secrecy element at risk.
The number of ATMs which will be recalibrated and which can dispense Rs 2,000 notes will be stepped up.
To make this whole process faster, a task force was decided to be set up under the chairmanship of the RBI deputy governor, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here on Monday.
The decision was taken on Sunday night after Prime Minister Narendra Modi reviewed the impact of last weeks demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes.
The government has also formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor the supply of currency.
Each joint secretary has been assigned three or four states to make action plans, Das said.
A large number of micro-ATMs will also be deployed across the country to facilitate disbursement of new currency.
FinMin asks RBI, banks to double-check old notes deposit dataNew Delhi, Dec 15, 2016, (PTI) 21:02 ISTFinance Ministry today exuded confidence that supply of new currency notes will considerably improve in next 2-3 weeks even as it asked the RBI and banks to "countercheck" the data regarding deposit of now-defunct currency notes to ensure there is no double counting.
The RBI has already pumped in Rs 5 lakh crore worth 500 and 2,000 rupee notes and by month end about 50 per cent of the Rs 15 lakh crore worth demonetised currency would be injected into the system, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here".
Finance Ministry, RBI and enforcement agencies are working in tandem so that situation eases out.
So the RBI has given necessary instructions to connected banks to give necessary cash required by Royal Monetary Authority of Bhutan," he said.
Das said the RBI has a particular plan of action with regard to currency supply.
"With regard to remonetisation process, it would be as per requirement and also government has given a big push to digital transaction.
He said the CBDT is taking "surgical action" on data provided by the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) and the Suspicious Transaction Reports (STRs) filed by banks for detecting illegal accumulation of new currency".
Further action is being taken by the tax department and it is not an aimless fishing expedition," Das said.
With regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
Further action is being taken by the tax department and it is not an aimless fishing expedition," Das said.
With regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
New Delhi, Nov 15, 2016, (PTI): 18:21 ISTA small mark of indelible ink, used mostly during elections to prevent multiple voting, will be put on the right hand finger of those exchanging banned 500 and 1,000 rupee notes for new ones from tomorrow to prevent crowding at banks by repeat exchangers.
A persons, as per the revised guideline, is allowed to exchange old notes totalling up to 4,500 on a single day.
Earlier in the day, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes, causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash.
By-elections for four Lok Sabha seats - Cooch Behar and Tamluk in Purba Medinipur district in West Bengal, Shahdol in Madhya Pradesh and Lakhimpur in Assam will be held on November 19.
Various wings of the government, the RBI and banks are working to ensure that the situation eases fast.
The emphasis now is to provide cash to rural areas from where reports of inadequate availability of cash are coming in, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikant Das told reporters.
He said cash was being made available to co-operative banks for crop loan disbursement.
In the last about five weeks, the lower denomination notes of Rs 100, Rs 50, Rs 20 and Rs 10 have been supplied three times more than their normal yearly supply.
Das said the currency notes continued to be airlifted to non-metro cities and rural areas.
He said more than Rs 5 lakh crore of new currency have been circulated since November 8.
The second advance estimates of National Income, 2016-17, revealed that the growth in the GVA from 'manufacturing' sector is estimated to be  7.7 per cent compared to  10.6 per cent in 2015-16.
Commenting on the data, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers "do not show much negative impact of demonetisation".
The per capita net national income (current price) during 2016-17 is estimated to be Rs 1,03,818 showing a rise of  10.2 per cent compared to Rs 94,178 during 2015-16 with the growth rate of  8.9 per cent.
New Delhi, Dec 2, 2016, (PTI): 12:39 ISTIn a stern warning to black money hoarders, the Finance Ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails".
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet".
Trails being pursued by agencies.
They also wanted to know why the government changed goalposts frequently by first declaring demonetisation as a fight against black money and terror funding, and later contending that the purpose was to promote cashless economy.
New Delhi, Feb 3, 2017 (PTI) 14:36 ISTThe exercise of remonetisation that began after scrapping of the old Rs 500 and 1,000 notes on November 8 is "nearly complete" as practically there are no restrictions on withdrawals, said Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das".
All restrictions have been removed except on savings bank account of Rs 24,000 per week.
The emphasis will be on providing lower denomination notes.
Das said the remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the demonetisation by the Prime Minister on November 8".
In less than 90 days, the whole process of remonetisation is almost complete.
Besides, a task force has been constituted to monitor circulation of fake currency notes in vulnerable areas and to keep a watch on black money being deposited in the system".
It has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get Rs 4500," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters".
As a result what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to smaller number of people.
???? This would prevent certain syndicates and certain kind of people coming to branch again and again, he said.
Das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money".
Any legitimate deposit in Jan Dhan account, the person concerned would not be put to any inconvenience.
With regard to indelible ink mark, Das said the operational guidelines would be decided by the banks.
On augmenting delivery channels, Das said cash availability with the District Central Cooperative Banks (DCCBs) and  1.3 lakh post offices has been enhanced which should be able to meet the requirements of rural population.
Besides, the religious organisation or temple trust are encouraged to deposit smaller denomination of notes which usually come to them, he said, adding that it will help increase supply of lower denomination currency into the market.
A task force has also been set up that will draw a plan of action for shifting of the old notes and storing of the old notes in other place so that banks and post offices continue to get new notes.
Asking people not to fall prey to rumours like shortage of salt and bankers going on strike, Das said the government will ensure adequate availability of cash as well as essential commodities".
The supply of essential commodities is very closely monitored.
Q3 growth negates negative speculations about note ban impactNew Delhi, Feb 28, 2017, (PTI) 20:46 ISTElated at the GDP numbers, Finance Ministry today said the 7 per cent growth in the third quarter has negated the negative projections and speculations about the impact of demonetisation on growth.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the third quarter and the  7.1 per cent growth projected for full fiscal are "definitely something noteworthy"".
We had said that most of the reports were anecdotal, not based on statistics.
It's not a satisfactory number, we have to remember that the sector itself is going under a major structural reform.
Going forward we should see improvements in the sector," Das said.
He said the impact of demonetisation was temporary and was limited to consumption.
New Delhi, Nov 14, 2016, PTI: 14:02 ISTAllaying fears of shortage, the Finance Ministry today said there is enough cash in the system and delivery channels are being augmented across the country to help cash-starved citizens.
Giving details of the high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi late last night, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was decided to activate all channels for dispensing cash.
With regard to rural areas, he said the cash holding limit for  1.2 lakh banking correspondents (BCs) has been increased to Rs 50,000 and banks have been given flexibility to increase this limit on case to case basis.
Together, these  2.5 lakh delivery points, mostly in rural areas, would be able to give bigger quantum of cash to the public, he added.
For the urban population, Das said recalibration of ATMs has already started and they will start dispensing the new Rs 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow.
However, he clarified that the higher cash withdrawal limit of Rs 2,500 is only for recalibrated ATMs.Additionally, a large number of micro-ATMs will be deployed to help people withdraw cash through debit cards.
To mitigate their hardship, the RBI has started distributing high security Rs 500 notes from yesterday.
To help small traders meet their business requirements, Das said the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to Rs 50,000 per week for small businesses".
Considering the cash availability, (for) the business entity having current account for past three months, the limit has been increase to Rs 50,000 per week to pay wages and meet sundry expenses," he said.
As far as government departments and Central PSUs are concerned, he said they have been advised to carry out all payments online and resort to cash withdrawal only in totally unavoidable situations.
In order to make transaction through cards cheaper, Das said RBI has asked National Payments Corporation of India to waive its various transaction charges.
Similarly, banks have been advised to waive debit and credit card charges.
The meeting was also attended by RBI Governor and Deputy Governor R Gandhi, apart from senior Finance Ministry officials.
Das said the focus of the government is to activate all channels of distribution to ensure that cash is dispensed to the public".
So the focus is further strengthening and activation of the network of Business Correspondents, the network of post offices, ATM networks and the network and reach of the banking system, activation and widening the facility of e-payment and finally great emphasis.
New Delhi, Nov 17, 2016, PTI: 15:43 ISTWith the demonetisation creating hardships in the middle of marriage and sowing seasons, government today allowed witdrawals up to Rs  2.5 lakh for weddings and up to Rs 50,000 for farmers but more than halved the limit of exchange of defunct notes to Rs 2,000.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the families preparing for a wedding can withdraw up to Rs  2.50 lakh from bank account giving PAN details and self declaration.
However, with effect from tomorrow individuals can exchange invalid 500 and 1,000 rupee notes totalling Rs 2,000, as against Rs 4,500 earlier, only once till December 30.
We find that many people are not able to reach the counter and same persons are visiting the counter multiple times and other people are not getting the benefits," Das said.
Das said ever since the demonetisation announcement was made, a lot of representations have come to Prime Minister and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to ease withdrawal norms for wedding purposes".
It has been decided that for wedding ceremonies which are going on, up to Rs  2.50 lakh will be permitted to be drawn from the bank account.
Among other measures, it has allowed up to Rs  2.5 lakh cash withdrawal from bank account of a bride or groom or their parents for a marriage during the ongoing wedding season".
To enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes, the existing limit of Rs 4,500 will be reduced to Rs 2,000 with effect from tomorrow," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters.
The over-the-counter exchange of Rs 500/1,000 in return of new currency will be available "once per person till December 30"".
(Source: File)In a stern warning to black money hoarders, the Finance Ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails.
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet.
Trails being pursued by agencies.
The RBI has infused more than Rs 5 lakh crore of currency notes into the banking system since November 8.
At a separate briefing Thursday, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month.
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month, about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation, which were actually in circulation, at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days, Das said.
At a separate briefing Thursday, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month.
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month, about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation, which were actually in circulation, at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days, Das said.
Seized notes are also being put into circulation as soon as possible.
The government applied fresh curbs on over the counter exchange of old Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes on Thursday, by reducing the limit from Rs 4,500 to Rs 2,000.
For over the counter exchange of old Rs 500/1000 notes, with effect from Nov 18, Rs 4,500 limit will be reduced to Rs 2000, DEA Secretary Shaktikanta Das said.
WATCH VIDEOAddressing a press conference today, Das announced that families celebrating weddings can withdraw cash up to Rs  2.5 lakh per wedding.
Registered traders at mandis can withdraw Rs 50,000 per week to meet labour costs, he added.
And central government employees, up to Type C, can withdraw their salary in advance up to Rs 10,000, Das said.
India vs England Live scoreWATCH VIDEOEarlier, the government has introduced the use of indelible ink at select metro cities to deter unscrupulous element from sending honest people in groups to convert black money to white.
A MYSORE company, the only recognised producer of indelible ink or voters ink in India, is scrambling to ramp up production on a war footing after the Centre Tuesday asked banks to start tagging those exchanging old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes to prevent unscrupulous elements from sending people to exchange money multiple times at different branches.
Announcing the use of indelible ink, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said: We have received reports that certain unscrupulous elements, who are trying to convert black money into white, have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another to exchange notes and get Rs 4,500 each.
As a result, what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to a smaller number of peopleto prevent such kind of misuse, the branches of banks will take recourse to the use of indelible ink marks for disbursement of cash.
The ink has also been used in pulse polio programmes in India and other countries and is sometimes used in hospitals to mark cancer-affected parts of the body.
In Delhi, Economic Affairs Secretary Das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan accounts as, in many cases, such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money.
Many Jan Dhan accounts are reportedly getting deposits of Rs 49,000, against the limit of Rs 50,000.
Taking cognisance of the hardship faced by small traders, the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to Rs 50,000 per week.
Considering the cash availability, (for) the business entity having current account for past three months, the limit has been increased to Rs 50,000 per week to pay wages and meet sundry expenses, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said.
In order to ease cash situation, the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency.
In order to ease cash situation, the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency.
Each joint secretary has been assigned 3-4 states and banks for constant monitoring of currency supply situation and make action plan, Das said.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikant Das Tuesday announced that banks will be using indelible ink, similar to the one used in elections, to deter unscrupulous people from making multiple visits to cash counters in a day.
The DEA Secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at bank counters.
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks, similar to the one used in elections, at cash counters, Das said.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, Das said.
Notes hoarded by anti-nationals will be worthless Notes hoarded by anti-nationals will be worthlessMaking one of his boldest moves since assuming power, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Tuesday announced that Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes will be withdrawn from circulation at midnight, saying this decision was taken to break the grip of corruption and black money.
Meanwhile, the government has set up a special task force headed by Deputy Governor of RBI to expedite the process of re-calibrating the ATMs to make them fully functional, which will work with different banks in this direction.
Addressing the media in New Delhi about Prime Ministers last night meeting to review the demonetisation and its impact, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations, including 2000 rupee notes, from today or tomorrow.
ATM limit has also been increased to 2,500 rupees, however it will be disbursed only by the re-calibrated ATMs.Saying that there is no need for public to panic, Das assured that there is enough cash available in the system and situation will ease in coming days.
WATCH VIDEO: Demonetisation: Banks Provide New Rs 500 NotesThe DEA Secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at bank counters.
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks, similar to the one used in elections, at cash counters, Das said.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places.
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues,it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place, Das said.
A woman displays a bank coupon issued for collecting cash on Tuesday.
What of people who have already exchanged thousands through their employees?
This is ridiculous, said Rajkamal Das, who is a bank employee himself.
However, Anand Pawar, a businessman from Fort, does not believe that the introduction of indelible ink will make a difference.
Our effort is to have as much public expenditure as possible while managing fiscal deficit, he said.
As regards to the inflation, Jaitley said it is at  3.6 per cent as against the target of 4 per cent (+/- 2 per cent) given to the RBI and the current account deficit has been brought down to  0.3 per cent from a high of  4.5 per cent during UPA regime.
Referring to demonetisation, he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period (of November and December), the size of the formal economy was increasing.
Referring to demonetisation, he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period (of November and December), the size of the formal economy was increasing.
Jaitley said the demonetisation, coupled with the implementation of GST, will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the states, facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country.
GST, he said, will also check tax evasion and help in increasing the revenue of Centre as well as states.
The Finance Minister said the cash-to-GDP ratio in India is  12.2 per cent as against 2 to 5 per cent in developed and emerging economies.
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks, Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks, Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
Responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy, Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal.
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax, excise tax and realisation of VAT by states, with the exception of two states, have gone up post demonetisation.
Responding to criticism of government on demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy, Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal.
To a jibe by CPI(M) member Mohammad Salim, he said nowhere in the world will a Marxist say that there are virtues of cash.
(File Photo) Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
(File Photo)Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues.
The Department of Financial Services is collecting details about money in ATMs. There might be a few operational issues in some locations I get report on a daily basis we are monitoring it so that these kinds of situations do not arise.
But in equal measure, I would also implore them to do adequate research before jumping the gun.
Jaitley categorically said there is no question of sparing anyone, and the political class is no exception.
In fact PM Modi is setting a new example of propriety in public life, by asking all MPs & MLAs of BJP to submit their bank account details post demonetization.
We would like to urge the other parties to do the same and prove their intentions against corruption, he said.
Political parties enjoy no immunity whatsoever, said Jaitley, adding that If there is any discrepancy in the books or records of political parties, they are as liable to be questioned by the Income Tax authorities as is anyone else.
They enjoy no immunity whatsoever.
(PTI Photo)Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday objected to former prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh speak on the issue of demonetisation in Rajya Sabha and asked the opposition to resume the debateIf it is on the demonetisation issue let the opposition resume the debate and let Dr. Manmohan Singh speak.
If there is no debate, nobody from the opposition is going to be allowed to speak, Jaitley said.
WATCH VIDEO: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Slams Opposition Over DemonetisationLeader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Ghulam Nabi Azad, earlier said that Dr Singh would like to speak something.
PTI Photo Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
PTI PhotoAddressing party MPs at the BJPs Parliamentary party meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the Prime Minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
PTI PhotoAddressing party MPs at the BJPs Parliamentary party meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that the Prime Minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
Terming the decision historic, Jaitley said : what was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the Prime Minister has created a new normalToday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
Watch What Else Is making NewsAt a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
In the long term, this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy, Jaitley said.
Watch What Else Is making NewsAt a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
The situation is normalising in the urban areas.
Watch What Else is Making NewsStating that people still feel inspired and enthused under the Modi government, the minister noted that resentment builds up with passage of time after a new dispensation takes over, but there is no such feeling against the BJP-led regime.
Slamming Congress and Left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after demonetisation drive, Jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move.
A lot of hardship, violence and killings were witnessed during the Independence movement and partition, the BJP leader said, adding had there been TV channels at that time, the difficulties would have been highlighted instead of the freedom.
He emphasised that despite the difficulties being faced after note-ban, people were welcoming the move as they realised that the Prime Minister has displayed the required courage while taking a tough decision, aimed at curbing black money and getting it implemented.
Stating that the previous UPA regime has left behind a legacy of of policy paralysis, indecisiveness and no-doing approach, Jaitley said the Prime Minister had taken a very courageous decision as he wanted to transform India.
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up, as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country, he said, adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy.
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up, as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country, he said, adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy.
However, the Prime Minister has redefined the old normal in India where black money, corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal, Jaitley said, adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque.
Stating that replacement of around 86 per cent of old currency notes was bound to be a gigantic task involving time and difficulties, the Finance Minister said despite all these, honest people in the country now felt that honesty was finally beneficial.
The government has allowed citizens to deposit in their bank accounts old currency of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000, which has been declared invalid in the countrys biggest crackdown on black money, corruption and counterfeit notes, between November 10 and December 30.
WATCH VIDEO: People Que Up At Banks To Exchange Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes: Heres What They SaidOn whether the demonetisation of Rs 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money, Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out.
You will have the currency squeeze that will take place because a lot of static currency is not going to come back into the market.
BJP's victory in bypolls is a clear indication that people are fully supporting the decision to demonetise Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 notes.
It is people's mandate for the Prime Minister's decision of demonetisation, Sonowal told reporters.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, however, termed the byelection result as a mandate against the Centre's decision of demonetisation.
CHANDIGARH: A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress president Captain Amarinder Singh pointed out on Monday that the "much touted" move to demonetise Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes had failed to check the inflow of terrorists or fake currency from Pakistan to India.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sunday's encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 notes into India via Bangladesh were "proof" that the decision was ill-conceived and not helping curb terror.
"Sterner measures are needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people are to be guarded," he said.
"We welcome the demonetisation move.
These must be challenging times for the Congress wont to using black money during elections," Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal told ET Magazine.
The counter: "People of Punjab are aware that the Akalis and the Badals have looted Punjab for the last 10 years.
"I feel problem will be over if enough cash would be available within the next few days," he said.
CHANDIGARH: Punjab Congress president Capt Amarinder Singh said on Tuesday that he had met cricketer-turned-politician Navjot Singh Sidhu and felt that the BJP rebel was interested in campaign for the Congress in the run-up to the 2017 assembly elections Hinting at Sidhu announce his role in the Punjab Congress soon, Amarinder said the decision on contesting the Amritsar Lok Sabha byelection had been left to the former MP.
He also endorsed the elevation of Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi.
"Though it had secured some advantaged earlier, things have deteriorated now to such an extent that they may not even win four seats in Punjab," he said.
Expressing serious concern over the fallout of demonetisation in terms of its impact on the common people, Amarinder said his personal view was that its objective to eliminate black money was good, but implementation was poor.
"It is common sense that if 86% of the cash is taken out of the market, there will be problems," said, adding that the government should have prepared itself better before making the announcement.
"It is common sense that if 86% of the cash is taken out of the market, there will be problems," said, adding that the government should have prepared itself better before making the announcement.
Replying to a question on the income-tax department chargesheet against him, Amarinder said there was no substance in the case and that it was completely politically motivated.
He pointed out that the issue of his alleged foreign assets was first raised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he (the PPCC president) was pitched against BJP's Arun Jaitley in Amritsar during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
He appealed to the judiciary to stop the Modi government from playing a fraud with the people, saying these changing rules were wreaking havoc with the lives of the people already reeling under immense hardship as a result of the currency ban.
Referring to the latest U-turn by the RBI on deposit of old notes under the demonetisation policy, Amarinder said Modi and his team were pushing the country into a state of financial anarchy and chaos by not following any rules in the matter of demonetisation.
In a statement issued here on Tuesday, the Congress leader said from the war hysteria whipped up two months ago to the demonetisation shocker that it unleashed against the people of India, the Modi government seemed to be moving concertedly in the direction of triggering unrest in the country in order to further their political interests, and to protect their friends in the industry and in their party.
Terming such acts as blatant fraud and cheating on the people, Amarinder once again demanded a review of the demonetisation policy to minimize the woes of the people".
Modi could easily have rolled back the demonetisation decision within the first few days of its announcement, as soon as it became evident that far from meeting its objective of curbing black money and corruption it was actually creating unprecedented problems for the innocent people," said Amarinder.
"Instead, Modi chose not only to go ahead with the ill-conceived move but aggravated the chaos and the woes of the people by getting the finance ministry and the RBI to issue new diktats every day," he pointed out.
The defunct currency (File Photo) The defunct currency (File Photo)The Supreme Court on Friday said that it will on December 2 hear all pleas including the transfer petition filed by the Centre on the demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 currency notes.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by Chief Justice of India TS Thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the demonetisation issue.
Senior lawyer Kapil Sibal, who appeared for one of the petitioners, told the bench that people are starving in the streets as there was no cash at all.
People are not getting Rs 24,000 a week then how some got lakhs of new currency, Chief Justice TS Thakur asked Rohatgi.
Replying to Thakur, Rohatgi said that some bank managers are allegedly involved in illegal activities and the government is acting against the culprits.
Earlier on December 9, the apex court asked the Centre whether its decision to bring in demonetisation was taken in absolute secrecy while hearing a bunch of petitions questioning the Narendra Modi governments rationale behind the implementation of the policy.
The Centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the demonetisation move in the Supreme Court, saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades.
Rohatgi said that the Centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue.
The Centre in its affidavit told the apex court that demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions, adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy.
The bench said it will examine it on Monday.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
THE SUPREME Court on Thursday asked the Centre how crores in new currency were being seized every day, even as banks have expressed their inability to dispense Rs 24,000 to each account holder  the weekly withdrawal limit set after demonetisation.
THE SUPREME Court on Thursday asked the Centre how crores in new currency were being seized every day, even as banks have expressed their inability to dispense Rs 24,000 to each account holder  the weekly withdrawal limit set after demonetisation.
Replying that the government cannot sit in every bank, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years.
The bench led by Chief Justice of India T S Thakur was hearing a bunch of petitions challenging the demonetisation of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes.
Some have plenty (of new currency), and there are some who have nothing, it said.
Rohatgi said a total of Rs  7.5 lakh crore, including Rs 5 lakh crore in new currency notes, was available for transaction, and the cash problem should be resolved soon.
Seventy years of change would need at least 70 days.
These are your hospitals and they give proper receipts, it said.
Citing an example, Rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed.
He said the government had reason to believe that the old notes were exchanged at a premium.
A bench of Chief Justice T S Thakur and Justice D Y Chandrachud listed the matter after Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi mentioned it and sought an urgent hearing.
Rohatgi said that as directed by the apex court on the last hearing of the case, the Centre has filed the transfer petition.
WATCH VIDEO: Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay ProceedingsThe apex court had on November 18 dubbed as a serious issue the long queues outside banks and post offices and expressed its reservation on the Centres plea seeking a direction that no other court in the country should entertain petitions challenging the November 8 notification demonetising Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 currency notes.
He had said the government has declared a decisive war against black money and corruption.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
The Supreme Court on Thursday said that the Centre should adhere to its notification allowing withdrawal of Rs 24,000 per week from bank accounts after demonetisation of high-value currency notes.
Sibal also said district cooperative central banks (DCCBs), which collected Rs 8,000 crore in three days after the November 8 demonetisation notification came into effect, have been denied permission to exchange and deposit old currency notes due to which the business of these banks was suffering.
Countering the submissions, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth Rs 8000 crore collected by DCCBs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
DCCBs have collected Rs 8000 crore in three days.
There may even be riots, observed a bench of Chief Justice TS Thakur and Justice A R Dave.
In response, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as Rs 100 notes are in circulation and the ATMs needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 2,000.
He told the apex court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
The Centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the demonetisation move in the Supreme Court, saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that the Centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue.
The Centre in its affidavit told the apex court that demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions, adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy.
Taking up four PILs filed against the controversial scheme, which has caused massive upheavals across the nation, the apex court asked the union government as to what further steps it is exploring and considering to address the inconveniences caused to people.
Rohatgi told the court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
He said over Rs 3 lakh crores have been deposited in various banks thus far and the government is expecting more Rs 11 lakh crores by December end.
While hearing a batch of pleas challenging various aspects of demonetisation, the court had said that all the parties should sit together and prepare a list of categories of cases which could be referred to high courts and those that could be heard by the apex court.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for the Centre, had said that the government was aware of the situation in cooperative banks which lack proper infrastructure and mechanism as compared to scheduled banks.
The submission came after senior advocate P Chidambaram, appearing for cooperative banks, questioned the governments decision, saying that the rural economy was almost paralysed due to non-inclusion of cooperative banks.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
Stronger and sterner measures were needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people were to be guarded against frequent external assaults, he said.
He had planned to disrupt the rally in Chabbewal but was stopped from sneaking in.
Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his New Year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
Reiterating his vow to waive all farm loans once the Congress comes to power in the state, Amarinder said Modis failure to announce loan waiver indicated his lack of seriousness in addressing the concerns of the farming community facing crisis due to note ban.
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his New Year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
PMS ADDRESS DISAPPOINTING: JAKHARMeanwhile, state Congress vice-president Sunil Jakhar said Modis address to the nation on the New Year eve has left the people suffering from the demonetisation move disappointed.
The Congress has already decided to raise demonetisation as a poll issue.
In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi, Amarinder said that, given the time constraints, the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI, to facilitate fair play of democratic processes.
With the existing RBI norms allowing only Rs 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and Rs 1 lakh from current account, it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning, from January 21 (when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations) to February 2 (the last date for electioneering), he wrote in the letter.
The Indian voter does get swayed, but cant be taken for granted.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
A day after four militants were killed in Kashmir, Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said despite the Narendra Modi governments claims, note ban has failed to check flow of terrorists and fake currency from Pakistan.
In a statement issued here, Amarinder said Sundays encounter in Kashmir and reports of Pakistan pushing fake Rs 2,000 currency into India via Bangladesh were proof that the ill-conceived note ban decision was not helping curb terror as claimed by Modi.
Stronger and sterner measures were needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people were to be guarded against frequent external assaults, he said.
The Congress has already decided to raise demonetisation as a poll issue.
In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi, Amarinder said that, given the time constraints, the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI, to facilitate fair play of democratic processes.
With the existing RBI norms allowing only Rs 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and Rs 1 lakh from current account, it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning, from January 21 (when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations) to February 2 (the last date for electioneering), he wrote in the letter.
The new notes come loaded with enhanced security features, besides having peculiar colour, theme and size which differentiate the new bills from the earlier series.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere.
In the wake of new currency noted of a higher denomination of Rs 2,000 being introduced, such a cap on cash transactions would ensure that it does not become easy for hoarders to stack illicit savings in the higher denomination notes.
NEW DELHI: Asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people.
In future, the proportion of hard currencies in India is set to become less just like the other developed nations.
Action will be taken against those jewellers who fail to take PAN numbers from such buyers, Adhia said.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax.
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation," said Jaitley".
After the government's decision of withdrawing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 banknotes to curb black money, corruption and counterfeit currency, Jaitley said that higher-denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies".
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation," said Jaitley".
If the money is legitimate which had been previously withdrawn from bank or earned legally and saved and had been disclosed, there is nothing to worry about," he told DD.
The Minister further said the government's move will promote more and more digital transactions".
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, but that cannot be an alibi that India continues to live (with black money and parallel economy)," Jaitley said".
The decision would bring more transactions under tax net and both direct and indirect taxes would move up.
Reduction in parallel economy would increase the size of formal economy," he added.
BHUBANESWAR: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created a 'new normal' for the country's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move".
Earlier, it was so much in cash and so much in cheque.
The Prime Minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high currency notes.
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency," Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
Speaking on "Indian economy: The new normal" in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency," Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
Speaking on "Indian economy: The new normal" in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges.
The Prime Minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption.
Despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provokethe people against the government have proved futile, Jaitley said".
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and media people.
Tax evasion would be increasingly difficult because at some point of transaction - from inception to the end - the whole process of manufacture would be captured on the IT backbone that is beingdeveloped.
BHUBANESWAR: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his demonetisation move.
Earlier, it was so much in cash and cheque.
The Prime Minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high value currency notes.
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, Jaitley said.
Speaking on Indian economy: The new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, Jaitley said.
Speaking on Indian economy: The new normal in the aftermath of demonetisation, Jaitley said for the first time, such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it.
The Prime Minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption, he said.
Despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provoke people against the Government have proved futile, Jaitley said.
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and mediapersons.
he added.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear, Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system.
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere.
Modi stated that the economy would come out much stronger after the implementation of the decision on demonetisation.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy.
There is a chill in the air, with dark clouds rolling towards the coast threatening to unleash a storm.

