berlin: chancellor angelamerkel says she only found out about volkswagen's use of software to cheat on emissions through the media.
higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar said this at a news meet at suchana bhavan today, and added that jharkhand needed some 600 new colleges to improve its gross enrolment ratio (ger) of 8.
higher and technical education secretary ajaykumar also asked for formal skill development training in miningbigger kebab mapthe great kabab factory, a restaurant chain run via franchisees by delhi-based umak hospitality, is planning an extension.
the startups and entrepreneurs will be provided free space, internet, and other infrastructure at the bhamashah techno hub, said akhilarora , principal secretary, department of it and communication.
the sister city link that began in 2012 will go a long way in strengthening collaboration between the two cities, one of which has a rich knowledge and technology-based economy, while another has a golden treasure of ancient art, culture, heritage and unique architecture, said mayor anantanarayanjena , defining bhubaneswar's transformation as a smart city in the recent past.
on the demonetisation drive, arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash, as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media.
providing state-of-the-art facilities free of cost to start-ups will give a jump-start to entrepreneurs of rajasthan and enable them to prove their mettle to be leaders not just in india, but across the world, said akhilarora , principal secretary of the state department of information technology and communication.
on the issue of corruption, akhileshyadav said it was a matter of concern to reduce corruption at all levels and if daily working is associated with latest technology, it could bring transparency.
earlier, akhileshyadav said that samajwadis had set a precedence of development in the state by constructing this 302-km hi-tech expressway which would open new vistas of development in the state.
chief minister capt amarindersingh has already announced his governments intent to canalise all rivers of the state with technical support from the world bank and asian development bank to realign river streams and courses, besides strengthening and widening of embankments for a permanent solution.
arguing the state's case further, amarindersingh said with the establishment of tissue culture and aeroponic technology at the centre of excellence for potato, at dhogri in jalandhar, the whole seed potato producing area in the state shall come under certified seed potato in the coming 4-5 years.
bseb chairman anandkishore said the board was in the process to acquire a de-duplication software to screen such candidates and maintain closer scrutiny.
lauding efforts associated with the project and their innovations, anilbaijal asked the stakeholders to use the latest scientific methods for cleaning drains and urged the experts to provide the latest technologies to urban local bodies to solve waste issues.
without referring to advani's comments, arunjaitley said the media censorship is not possible today because of the technology itself.a