Defending his stand to contest on a Congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing, Nilekani said: Please understand that Aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform.
But overall, the entire State will be covered by March 2014, Nilekani said and added that the State had been in the forefront of the UID programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in Karnataka.
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog: NilekaniMelbourne, Oct 16, 2013, (PTI) : 9:29 ISTAadhaar project is an example ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country, UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said".
UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people.
??? At Dudu only, Aadhaar enabled system of social sector, Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and pension scheme will be implemented, UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India) chairman Nandan Nilekani told reporters here.
The goal, Nilekani said, is to achieve widespread diffusion of Aadhaar platform knowledge across new entrepreneurial ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture Aadhaar capabilities.
Aadhar chairman Nandan Nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications.
Quick verificationThe pilot project on opening bank accounts with Aadhar information is operational in three banks in Tumkur district of Karnataka, UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani told Deccan Herald.
About using iris scan for issuing the unique identity number, Nilekani said it is a closed issue because the decision was taken one-and-a-half years ago".
One of our biggest supporters, the finance minister has been extremely gracious and supportive, and he has always sent me the message that we should do this as fast as we can," Nilekani told reporters at the first anniversary of Aadhaar launch".
Speaking about the enrolments, Nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- Aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day.
Nilekani said plans are on track to issue Aadhaar numbers to 600 million (60 crore) people in three to three-and-half years.
This is not a tactical, but a strategic partnership, where UIDAI will leverage the existing infrastructure of the DoP to reach out to the masses for providing UID," UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said while signing the agreement.
UIDAI to refresh data collection process in second phaseNew Delhi, Feb 7,2012,IANS: 19:33 ISTThe Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) will be refreshing its data collection process by including the best finger detection and multiple-try method in the second phase of enrolment in April, the agency's chairman Nandan Nilekani said Tuesday".
Nilekani also said that UID is working with the Ministry of Finance and the Department of Financial Services on financial inclusion, with Oil Ministry on LPG subsidy reforms, with Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, Human Resource Development Ministry on integration of Aakash and Department of Telecom for providing Aadhar as know your customer (KYC) for mobile connections.
Eighty per cent of the two million individuals, who have been enrolled for the unique Aadhar number so far, have requested for bank accounts, said Nilekani while addressing the Nasscom Leadership Forum 2011.
??? The application would also deduct the money from the individual and credit it to the kiranas account, Nilekani said.
1 bn Aadhaar cards soonTalking about Aadhaar, Nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by March 2016.
Briefing reporters here, UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said the electronic Know Your Customer (eKYC) service from UIDAI will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts.
Not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective Aadhaar numbers in an easy, yet secure manner, said Nilekani.
Speaking at the same programme earlier, UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore Aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months.
The ambitious project - which has issued unique identification numbers to more than 380 million people, which is large than the population of several large countries in just a few years - would still take a few more years before every Indian resident is issued with this unique number and the card having the biometric information of the individual, Nilekani told a Washington audience.
Delivering the Eighth Annual Richard H Sabot Lecture 'Technology to Leapfrog Development: The Aadhaar Experience' organised by Center for Global Development - a Washington- based think-tank, Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country".
Noting that this unique identification number is now becoming "an internal passport and gateway" to various services for Indians, Nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this ID is sufficient to get their services.
Nilekani also said Kumar never raised a single question against the project in the Parliament.
We have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model, as well as scalable technical architecture," UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said.
This makes it not only one of the most accurate, but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world," UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani said in a statement here.
GANDHINAGAR: Chief minister Narendra Modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of Aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode.
Modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of Aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve.
"Bank Mitras need to be enabled to carry out RuPay card and Aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself," the PM said".
At a recent high-level meeting of PRAGATI (Pro-Active Governance And Timely Implementation), Modi asked Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) and chief secretaries of states such as UP and Bihar which are lagging behind to accelerate and complete enrollment of all residents by December 2015.
After the BJP government took charge, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked UIDAI to fast-track the enrolment process.
Modi said the BHIM app is "unstoppable".
The scheme to pay this compensation has now been incorporated into the Shetkari Adhar Nidhi scheme of the agriculture department, Parrikar said.
The Griha Aadhar scheme has helped households get proper and nutritious diet in the face of inflation," Parrikar said, adding that just a few instances when these schemes have been misused cannot serve as the grounds for depriving the rest of the beneficiaries".
As parties like BJD opposed the move to make Aadhaar mandatory for filing of Income Tax returns and making PAN application, Jaitley said linking of Aadhaar with PAN was necessary as people have multiple PAN cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion".
Large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through Aadhar:GovtNew Delhi, Mar 11, 2016 (PTI) 18:39 ISTThousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the Aadhaar system, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today, as the Lok Sabha passed a Bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme.
Moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier, Jaitley said targeted subsidy through Aadhar cards of LPG consumers had resulted in savings of over Rs 15000 crore at the Centre.
Jaitley said discussion on the institution of Aadhar has been going on for over seven years after the then UPA government approved a bill in September, 2010 and introduced it in Parliament that December".
Additionally, as I will elaborate later, we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing Union Budget 2016-17.
???? In a review meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) scheme.
Jaitley further said that the some personal information can be shared with the consent of individual but core bio-metric details cannot be shared even with the consent of individual.
Seeking to make cashless transactions popular in the higher echelons of power, Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday asked District Collectors to go for shopping and conduct two digital transactions using their mobile phones seeded with Aadhar numbers and share their experiences on the day-2 of the two-day Collectors conference.
In his address at the conference, Mr. Naidu said mobile banking transactions were the only alternative to come out of the present currency crisis and asked the Collectors to encourage the mobile phone-based banking transactions seeded with Aadhar numbers in the urban areas to mitigate the impact of the cash crunch.
1.7 million cardsSaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating Aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010, Dalwai said  1.2 million Aadhaar cards were generated every day presently.
Dalwai said that one would be asked to re-enrol for Aadhaar, if the collected data failed in the quality check for validations.
Dalwai said the second phase of Aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof, both at the enrolment level and data uploading level.
Progress so farState Enrolled Uploaded Aadhaar card generatedKarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240Tamil Nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574Puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646Kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154Total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614Source: UIDAIEnrol from anywhereWhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered, Dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the State or country, provided they have the necessary documents.
Dalwai said even those residents whose enrolments have been rejected can approach the enrolment centres with necessary documents and go for fresh enrolments.
Ashok Dalwai, Deputy Director of the UIDAI Regional Office, Bangalore, said UIDAI, in a bid to reduce processing time, had enhanced the capacity of the Central Identification Repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh.
Ashok Dalwai, Deputy Director, Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) said unique identification (UID) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused.
Dalwai said the response received by UIDAI was too overwhelming and that there was an immediate need to enhance infrastructure, especially pertaining to processing of enrolments.
Ashok M R Dalwai, Deputy Director General of UIDAI, responding to the percentage of enrolment in the district, said, there were no surprises in the rate of enrolment observed in the district.
"They can log on to the UIDAI website, enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the e-Aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual Aadhaar number arrives ," said UIDAI deputy director-general Ashok Dalwai.
Acknowledging slip-ups in the Aadhaar enrolment process, UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told TOI there have been cases where an operator's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant's.
Dalwai said no one should apply more than once for an Aadhaar card unless he/she receives a rejection letter from the UIDAI.
Those whose Aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the UID website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their e-Aadhaar card, which is as valid as the Aadhaar card itself," said Dalwai.
There are people who are entitled to certain schemes but cannot avail them due to lack of transparency in the system," said Ashok Dalwai, deputy director general, Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI).
After intervention by the moderator, Dalwai said: "I am 200% confident that UID is a legal body.
Dharwad: "Aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of India, but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities, a resident of India is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'Aadhaar' UIDAI regional office (Bangalore) Ashok Dalwai.
UIDAI regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai said the Centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on Aadhaar-linked beneficiaries (existing and proposed) under various public services like subsidized LPG, pension schemes, student scholarship and PDS.
If a person has a paper Aadhaar card, there is absolutely no need to get his/her Aadhaar card laminated or obtain a plastic Aadhaar card or so called SMART Aadhaar card by paying money, Ajay Bhushan Pandey, CEO of UIDAI, said in a statement.
, to residents and in that process, they were illegally obtaining the Aadhaar number/enrolment details from the residents, UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey said in a statement.
Pandey said, Any Aadhaar-related demographic information can only be shared following the procedures laid down in the Aadhaar Act, 2016.
Claiming that over  106.69 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated across the country as on Friday, UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey said a special drive will start from October 15 to November 15, 2016, and it is aimed at targeting the floating population and leftover residents.
Aadhar is to be linked with everything now and is making good progress in Delhi, Ms. Dikshit said after the meeting.
