finance minister arunjaitley could announce tax incentives for individuals and firms to boost consumer demand, amid lingering uncertainty over the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax, said one of the officials.
claiming victory of the congress in its opposition of the land acquisition amendment bill moved by the centre as six out of total nine important changes were taken back, ram said the congress was in favour of the passage of goods and services tax (gst) bill, but wanted four changes in its present form.
asked about roadblocks in implementation of gst bill, gandhi said, it was congress which brought in the gst legislation.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president gandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
the gst policy wing is planning to come out with a circular clarifying on the zero-rating status of such duty free shops and circular may also outlay a detailed procedure of claiming refund of the taxes so paid," mohan said.
a day after the gst bill failed to get past parliament and the government had to take recourse to the joint committee of parliament for the bankruptcy bill, finance minister arunjaitley on thursday asked whether the country has not lost out by delaying the gst since the last years budget session.
in july, firms indicated that orders, production and purchasing had been postponed due to a lack of clarity about the new tax regime, but they have now been resumed as manufacturers, suppliers and their clients have become more knowledgeable of the gst rates," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit, in a release.
to prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax (gst) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration, ram announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from rs 5 lakh turnover per year to rs 7.
rajat mohan, director at tax consultant nangia & co, said: gst is the biggest change that our country would see in last 50 years.
with indication of revised implementation date of july 1, 2017 for gst, industry gets much needed clarity and some additional time for preparation for this huge reform, said jain , partner and leader, indirect tax, pwc.
talking about providing relief to traders, modi said the central government wanted the tax liability slab to be raised from rs 20 lakh to rs 75 lakh but could not do this in the last gst council meeting as some states had reservations.
being a delhi girl, i challenge you to fight the last two phases of the lok sabha elections on the issues of demonetisation, gst, women's security and the false promises made to people of the country, priyanka gandhi had said during the roadshow.
see the rationale behind passing gst, arunjaitley said at a conclave here.
if the gst overwrites article 370 of indian constitution or section 5 of j&k constitution) i will not come back to this house," drabu said.
as revenue secretary, adhia's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax egime, evolving a centre-states consensus on the multiple gst laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of july 1, 2017 for the gst roll-out, arunjaitley said.
gst scheduled for july 1 rolloutthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation from july 1 and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said on monday.
tokyo, press trust of india may 8 2017, 12:01 istthe goods and services tax (gst) is on schedule for implementation fromjuly 1and will not lead to any significant increase in prices of goods although cost of some services may see a marginal hike, finance minister arunjaitley said today.
on the stalled gst bill, modi said the congress has made it a prestige issue but expressed confidence that the evolving arithmetic in rajya sabha would ensure that the legislation would be passed soon.
now it is important that supporting rules are finalised by the gst council in its next few meetings, and should be released at the earliest to enable the businesses to align their compliance and regulatory processes, dimri said.
on the dissent by mitra, arunjaitley said it was confined to the extent of the 90:10 division between states and the centre, and on other issues, he was in agreement with all other gst council members.
there have been no major hiccups in the first week of goods and services tax (gst) rollout and things will normalise over the next three months, former economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das said.
b'west bengal cm mamatabanerjee west bengal cm mamatabanerjee banerjeethe west bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee on saturday said the trinamool congress party would support the central government on gst in parliament but it had some reservations about the land bill.
replying to questions on congress and some other parties pressing for amendments in the gst bill and whether the government is agreeable to them, naidu said parliament has to function even if these have to be approved.
i will still keep my fingers crossed, arunjaitley told media persons after the gst council meet here.
if you want gst, unless we can get the states on board through some mechanism, we will have difficulties, pranabmukherjee said.
jaitley said big taxpayers, who make 94-95 per cent of the total taxes, will continue to file monthly returns and pay taxes on a monthly basis.
by ptinew delhi: finance minister arunjaitley today said the goods and service tax (gst) has stabilised in a very short time that provides an opportunity to widen its base and further rationalise the rates in the future.
however, for real benefit of gst to be realised, it is important that supply chain bottlenecks are reduced, said pratik jain, partner and leader indirect tax at consulting firm pwc.
ganesh shirsekarcongress vice-president rahulgandhi said on saturday that the gst bill will be passed in parliament in in just 15 minutes with congress support if the narendra modi government accepted conditions laid down by his party.
siddaramaiah also said the congress party had not opposed gst, but had only raised questions about some of the shortcomings in the bill.
badungar said all purchases made at these sikh shrines should be exempted from gst and requested the union government to consider it.
but much will depend on the next three months, how the government and industry smoothen the overall transition (to gst)and the compliance," said n.r. bhanumurthy of the national institute of public finance and policy in delhi.
in remarks apparently aimed at former reserve bank governor raghuram rajan, who friday blamed the goods and services tax roll-out along with demonetisation for lower gdp growth, arunjaitley said the economy recovered fast from the limited disruptionist impact of the tax reform.
taking an indirect dig at bjp-ruled states, siddaramaiah said as many as 24 states and one union territory have agreed to implement gst, but initially gujarat, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were against it.
september data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the gst in july, said aashna dodhia, economist at ihs markit and author of the report.
demonetisation was a bad idea implemented badly and gst was a good idea implemented badly, shashitharoor said.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president gandhi said the note ban cost 1.
initiating the debate on the proposed legislation, congress member shashitharoor said his party was initially not happy with the final shape of the gst bill but went on to support it in keeping with the spirit in which the bill had been prepared by the congress.
on the compliance burden of the gst, arunjaitley said it was a little heavy, but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department.
in a fax message to mr. jaitley on tuesday, dr. isaac said the tax rates of the majority of the commodities had come down on implementing gst, but traders tend to conceal it and were levying exorbitant prices and raking huge profit.
on the compliance burden of the gst, arunjaitley said it was a little heavy but the process would ease on account of the initiatives being undertaken by the revenue department.
market had started off with a positive sentiment supported by consensus over the rollout of gst, but this trend could not be continued as the investors mulled over 100 bps cut in gdp (forecast) by imf to  6.6% in 2016-17, said vinod nair, head of research, geojit bnp paribas financial services.
while gst is unlikely to be a positive for economic growth in the short term, crisils ram said the reform will improve the ease of doing business, bolster investor sentiment and lure more foreign investment in coming years.
gandhi said, apart from fabrics import, manufacturers of fabrics are comfortable with gst rates of 5  and 12  on mmf yarn and that any increase by the government in gst rates will lead to inflation of fabric prices and the whole value chain will be disrupted.
gandhi also said if his party comes to power, it would change the gst and abolish the 28 per cent gst slab.
taking an indirect dig at bjp-ruled states, ram said as many as 24 states and one union territory have agreed to implement gst, but initially gujarat, madhya pradesh and rajasthan were against it.
