;;0.0;;74 per cent of households, finance minister arun arunjaitley said today.
;;0.6124;;addressing a press conference here, arunjaitley said the government would use these bank accounts to pass on benefits to individuals under its various social security schemes.
;;0.0772;;exclusion of a large number of people from the banking network was inhibiting growth, arunjaitley said.
;;0.8074;;jaitley said that rupay cards have been issued to more than 10 crore beneficiaries who will get a benefit of personal accidental insurance of rs 1 lakh besides a life insurance cover of rs 30,000 for eligible beneficiaries.
;;0.0;;on the future of the scheme after january 26, arunjaitley said the government will take a view on it later.
;;0.7184;;the issuance of the rupay cards to account holders would encourage use of plastic money and help in moving towards a cashless society, arunjaitley said.
;;-0.4767;;jaitley said that most of the country has been covered by the pmjdy, except those areas which have poor connectivity, are impacted by left-wing extremist and are inaccessible.
;;0.0;;efforts will also be made to introduce mobile banking on all kinds of phones, finance minister arun arunjaitley said after meeting heads of psu banks .
;;0.25;;jaitley said that in some areas where branches are possible, the regular brick and mortar branches will be created.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, finance minister arun arunjaitley said around 58 per cent population in the country have bank accounts.
;;0.0;;quoting the article, arunjaitley said the proceeds in any such financial year of any such duty leviable within any state shall not form part of the consolidated fund of india, but shall be assigned to that state.
;;0.0;;jaitley also jokingly said, while referring to chidambaram: to implement a gst is a headache, to be a former finance minister is a luxury now.
;;0.3818;;finance minister arun arunjaitley in his budget speech had said that the government would introduce soon several measure that will incentivise credit or debit card transactions and disincentivise cash transaction.
;;0.5256;;most of india is included in the banking system today, finance minister arun arunjaitley said addressing reporters at a press conference meant for listing out the governments achievement on the most ambitious financial inclusion plan of all time.
;;0.1531;;jaitley said that the challenge now is to cover the miniscule number of the countrys population which could not be covered till now.
;;-0.0772;;finance minister arunjaitley said that the government is also taking a serious view of how to include each individual in the scheme so as to provide 100 per cent financial inclusion in the country.
;;0.5423;;this is the first step towards making the country a cashless society, arunjaitley said, praising the initiative as an unprecedented one.
;;0.3612;;jaitley said that rupay cards have been issued to more than 10 crore beneficiaries who will each get a personal accidental insurance of rs 1 lakh, besides a life insurance cover of rs 30,000.
;;-0.4019;;in order to give an opportunity to the past cases, which are ongoing under the retrospective amendment, i propose 'one time' scheme of dispute resolution for them in which subject to their agreeing to withdraw any pending case lying in any court or tribunal or any proceeding for arbitration, mediation, etc under bipa, they can settle the case by paying only the tax arrears in which case liability of the interest and penalty shall be waived, finance minister arunjaitley had said in his budget 2016-17 speech.
;;0.5994;;fund for sc/stin a fresh move, arunjaitley has announced the setting up of a rs 500-crore fund to promote sc/st entrepreneurs.
