;;0.3919;;sp chief akhileshyadav close aide mlc udaiveer singh said that the party did everything it could to ensure victory of bsp candidate but bjp used its might to manipulate the polling process.
;;0.4767;;phulpur: on the brink of forging a potentially formidable alliance with a former rival in uttar pradesh before 2019 lok sabha polls, samajwadi party (sp) chief and former chief minister akhileshyadav on friday said that bjp's worst nightmares have come true following unequivocal support from bsp in the march 11 bypolls.
;;0.0;;i learn more from him than reading books on other socialist leaders, said akhilesh.
;;-0.9062;;police are resorting to fake encounters targeting innocents and are busy terrorizing opposition parties to silence them, akhilesh said, adding that the fake encounters are having no impact on real criminals.
;;-0.886;;reading out a list of recent murders that have rocked the state, akhilesh said the murder of bjp leader mukesh prajapati in rae bareli, that of bjp corporator pawan kesari in allahabad and of sachin walia, brother of the district president of bhim army, were clear examples of how the government has failed to deliver on the law and order front.
;;0.9062;;lucknow: riding high on bypoll victories in up, samajwadi party supremo akhileshyadav today said the win was a big one as it has instilled confidence among party workers and sent out a message all over the country that the bjp can be defeated in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;0.0516;;it has given a message all over the country and instilled confidence among people and workers that if the bjp can be defeated in its constituencies it can be replicated all over, akhileshyadav told pti in an interview.
;;0.4215;;about the party's strategy for 2019 polls, akhilesh said besides booth management, party workers have been asked to reach all villages and interact with people.
;;0.1531;;asked about the bjp's plea that less vote percentage was the reason for its loss, akhilesh said, had more voters come out, our victory margin would have been better.
;;0.3818;;on future alliance for 2019 and his relations with congress , akhilesh said the picture will become clear when polls come near.
;;0.6115;;asked about his father mulayam singh yadav 's reaction to poll victories, akhilesh said, he was very happy that the youth were elected.
;;0.0;;on rjd chief lalu prasad, akhilesh said, he is not only a relative but a big leader, who had kept communal forces at bay in bihar.
