;;0.128;;february 15 was a historic day for india as it launched 104 satellites in one go, modi said of the record achieved by the state-run indian space research organisation.
;;0.0;;modi said.
;;0.5859;;only four or five countries had this capability, the pm said, as he encouraged the young to embrace science.
;;0.0;;todays scientist becomes a potent catalyst for enduring change in the lives of our future generations, modi said.
;;0.128;;modi said the programme will be launched along national highways and in cities such as gurgaon, jaipur and vadodra before being rolled out in mumbai, ranchi and rangaon.
;;-0.7717;;referring to statistics, modi said he was shocked to learn one road accident takes place every minute and that one person dies in such accidents every four minutes.
;;-0.128;;stressing the need for better awareness to reduce the number of people killed or handicapped in road accidents, modi said his government is taking several measures for road safety and move the road transport and safety bill in parliament.
;;0.4215;;modi said it is the responsibility of the family, especially parents, to spread awareness among their children about road safety.
;;0.0;;science and technology is the dna of development, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said his government is also working to provide round-the-clock electricity in villages.
;;-0.0258;;on the northeast, modi said his government has decided to send officers of the doner ministry to places in the region for seven days to understand and resolve the problems of the people.
;;-0.6428;;na khaunga, na khaane dunga, modi had said, warning people that neither he will accept bribes, nor allow anyone to do so.
;;0.4019;;become vistarak (campaigner) for the party for at least 72 hours during this period, modi said.
;;0.0772;;it will transform lives of people of lower starta, modi said, hinting the more it was used there could be incentive through banks.
;;0.0;;what india did will be a case study for economists worldwide, modi said.
;;0.1779;;a day before, on tuesday, modi while speaking at lok sabha (the lower house) said that the note-ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape.
;;0.0;;taking potshots at his predecessor, modi said, people should learn from dr. (manmohan) singh how to bathe in bathroom wearing a raincoat.
;;0.4019;;coming back to demonetisation, modi said that cashless would take india step-by-step, slowly in the direction of a clean economy.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendramodi on thursday said that india and singapore, which he termed a a bridge between india and south east asia , are building a partnership of our age.
;;0.7096;;it is a natural partnership from a shared vision, modi told the indian diaspora at a business and community event at marina bay sands convention centre.
;;0.0;;modi said the two nations speak in one voice at international forums.
;;0.0;;a new india is taking shape, modi said.
;;0.4404;;calling discharge of civic duties as a good beginning to the new india, modi said, all these things are not necessarily achieved through the budget, government projects, or government money.
;;0.0;;the pm said.
;;0.0;;modi said people had been writing to him, expressing concern over wastage of food.
;;-0.25;;ahead of the world health day on april 7, modi asked people to speak up and seek help for depression.
;;-0.5719;;the first mantra is the expression of depression instead of its suppression, modi said.
;;0.34;;there is a need to develop robust arrangements that could function amidst diversity, modi said.
;;0.5859;;gst reflects the spirit of one nation, one aspiration, one determination, the pm said, even as he stated that the state-level legislative arrangements for the new tax regime should be cleared quickly.
;;0.0;;he also asked modi to present a list of people who had deposited more than rs 25 lakh in their accounts before november 8, when the pm announced the demonetisation decision in a live national television address.
;;0.0;;we have to connect every person with the financial system, the pm said.
;;0.0;;we will replace the planning commission with a new institution having a new design and structure, a new body, a new soul, a new thinking, a new direction, modi said.
;;0.0;;the participation should be there in fulfilling peoples aspirations and needs, said modi while inaugurating the website.
;;0.4019;;formation of sit on black moneyin his maiden cabinet meeting, pm modi announced the formation of a special investigation team (sit) to unearth black money.
;;0.5423;;sharma was in mumbai, at forbes magazines award function, when prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation drive.
;;-0.1779;;a day after prime minister narendramodi announced that to curb black money in circulation rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes would no longer be recognised as legal tender, finance minister arun jaitley added a new gloss to the decision.
;;0.34;;paytm welcomed the governments demonetization decision on november 9, hours after modi announced the recall of two high-value notes, issuing an advertisement which had the prime ministers photograph on it.
;;0.0;;modi asked her the peoples reaction to digital programme.
;;-0.2144;;i understand their problem but this is only for 50 days, modi had said in rallies in gujarat and goa, referring to the long queues at atms and the acute scarcity of cash in cities and towns.
;;0.0;;during its launch, modi said, it is not necessary to have the internet for this app.
;;-0.4767;;similarly, when modi asked countrymen to give up lpg subsidy for the poor, they duly complied.
;;0.0;;months before prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country, a low level government karmachari in jharkhands latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction.
;;0.2263;;prime minister narendramodi said on sunday states need to work together for what he calls a vision to create a new india, addressing a meeting of the niti aayogs governing council that was skipped by chief ministers mamata banerjee and arvind kejriwal  two of his staunchest critics.
;;0.6249;;consensus on gst will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism, modi said.
;;0.4404;;appreciating state and central ministers, modi said, team india has once again assembled today to discuss and reflect on ways to prepare india for changing global trends.
;;0.0;;the pm said the government, private sector and civil society need to work in sync for the countrys development.
;;0.6124;;prior to november 8, the day prime minister narendramodi announced scrapping of rs 500 and rs 1,000 banknotes, around rs 13,000 crore was fed daily into the countrys 220,000 atms.read | 50 days of demonetisation: atm queues shorter but ripples to remain in januarythough cash situation is better, queues can still be seen outside several atm kiosks, primarily due to withdrawal restrictions  rs 4,500 per day and rs 24,000 a week.
;;0.0;;we have to connect every person with the financial system, the pm said.
;;-0.1027;;the pm said welfare payments would be transferred directly into the accounts, helping the fight against corruption.
;;0.4019;;in brazil, its brics partner, the same population has 47 branches and 120 atms.sixty-eight years after independence, not even 68  of the population has bank accounts, the pm said, adding that he had emailed 700,000 bank employees urging them to support the initiative.
