;;-0.2263;;(ap/pti)referring to regional maritime issues, modi said india does not see the indo-pacific region as a strategy or as a club of limited members.
;;0.7269;;twitter.com/mcasmw6mc7  narendramodi (@narendramodi) june 1, 2018the pm said he viewed asean as an inspiration and example to help countries rise above division and competition.
;;0.0;;while calling singapore indias springboard to asean, pm modi said, singapore has been, for centuries, a gateway for india to the broader east.
;;0.296;;read | pm modi launches three indian digital payment apps in singaporeadvocating indias open stand on international trade regime, pm modi said india stands for a stable environment in the indo-pacific region.
;;0.7184;;modi also said, we are committed to make doing business easier as well as smoother in india.
;;0.5994;;on indias strategic partnership with russia and the united states, modi said, with each southeast asian country, we are growing political, economic and defence ties.
;;-0.3182;;moreover, modi said, it was the atal behari vajpayee government which had decided before it lost power in 2004, to make a befitting memorial to ambedkar which the congress government promptly forgot.
;;-0.6597;;we all have to work together to end this internal evil, the pm said at the memorial at alipur road, where ambedkar breathed his last.
;;0.2023;;(source: pib/twitter)heaping praise on dr b r ambedkar and accusing the congress of undermining his legacy, prime minister narendramodi on thursday said his government was taking a slew of measures, including steps to empower the weaker sections and strengthen rural economy, to carry forward the vision of babasaheb.
;;0.5667;;but he digested it all and was not driven by revenge, modi said.
;;0.5095;;3:23 pm: this years budget is fully dedicated to our villages and our farmers, says pm.
;;0.8126;;prime minister narendramodi said he was looking forward to interacting with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme (express photo/prem nath pandey/file) prime minister narendramodi said he was looking forward to interacting with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme (express photo/prem nath pandey/file)prime minister narendramodi tuesday interacted with beneficiaries of the mudra yojana (pmmy) scheme.
;;0.4215;;during the interaction, pm modi said rs 6 lakh crore has been disbursed to 12 crore beneficiaries  75 per cent were youth and women  in the last three years.
;;0.7184;;while talking to small-scale businessmen from across the country, pm modi said it brought him happiness and pride to hear of their achievements.
;;0.0;;digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
;;0.0772;;saying that he was ridiculed when he first pitched for digital payments, modi said the experiences narrated by the beneficiaries were a befitting reply to such naysayers.
;;-0.1779;;such conspiracies will be hatched as the government has created problems for middlemen, the pm said.
;;-0.3612;;stressing that digital india was about 4 es  education, employment, entrepreneurship, and empowerment, modi said from booking rail tickets to paying bills and availing government services digitally, people were being empowered.
;;-0.3612;;stressing that rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments, modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to singapore.
;;0.4588;;the pm further said the national knowledge network had linked over 1,700 educational and research institutions, libraries, academicians, government officials and more than 5 crore students while the citizen engagement platform mygov had 60 lakh volunteers.
;;0.3818;;modi also said the network of about three lakh common service centres (cscs), which act as access points for delivery of digital services, had bolstered employment and entrepreneurship opportunities, thus empowering citizens.
;;-0.2008;;a nation which is divided because of reasons like caste and religion cannot achieve great things, pm modi said.
;;0.34;;read | pm modi independence day speech: transparency seems to be the highlight, pm says processes simplifiedheres the full text of prime minister narendramodi speech: you also can read the highlights here.
;;0.0;;guru govind singh ji said one thing very aptly.
