Acknowledging slip-ups in the Aadhaar enrolment process , UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told toi there have been cases where an operator 's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant 's .
Modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of Aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve .
When referred to the leakage of Aadhaar details of cricketer M s Dhoni , Arunjaitley said it was the result of an immature act by somebody in Ranchi against whom action has been taken .
Modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of Aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve .
Dalwai said that one would be asked to Re-Enrol for Aadhaar , if the collected data failed in the quality check for validations .
Photo of MS Dhoni posted on Twitter by Cscegov handle photo of MS Dhoni posted on Twitter by Cscegov Handlethe centre which , on Tuesday , leaked the Aadhaar data of former Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Twitter has been blacklisted for 10 years by UIDAI , reported news agency PTI .
The report states : based on the numbers available on the websites looked at , the estimated number of Aadhaar numbers leaked through these 4 portals could be around 130-135 million ( 13- 13.5 crore ) and the number of bank accounts numbers leaked at around 100 million ( 10 crore ) from the specific portals we looked at .
It is wrong on the part of the centre to come up with a directive that a person can not get pension or withdraw money from bank without Aadhar , Mamatabanerjee said .
Acknowledging slip-ups in the Aadhaar enrolment process , UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told toi there have been cases where an operator 's fingerprints had been registered instead of the applicant 's .
Dalwai said the response received by UIDAI was too overwhelming and that there was an immediate need to enhance infrastructure , especially pertaining to processing of enrolments .
The poorest of the poor , the marginalised people will be the worst sufferers if # Aadhaar is made mandatory unilaterally , Mamatabanerjee said in a Tweet .
The UIDAI has also sought technical details on how access was gained for the national social assistance programme ( Nsap ) site -- one of the four portals where the alleged leak happened .
The ambitious project - which has issued unique identification numbers to more than 380 million people , which is large than the population of several large countries in just a few years - would still take a few more years before every Indian resident is issued with this unique number and the card having the biometric information of the individual , Nilekani told a Washington audience .
Answering Congress ' charge that the Bharatiya Janata Party and its leaders , including current prime minister Narendra Modi , when in opposition had opposed the idea of Aadhaar , Prasad said that BJP was against it as personal information of the people was being collected in absence of any law in relation to it .
We will review Aadhaar project if Bjp-Led NDA comes to power and look into its flaws .
Lets assume there is no Aadhaar but some information that is contained in some network gets hacked or gets leaked , that is because of the technology used there , Jaitley said .
If there are no banks or post office , how can one avail direct benefit transfer as there are lots of SC St people who dont have Aadhar card , Mamatabanerjee said .
The upa legislation , Arunjaitley said , was inadequate as it did not contain adequate safeguards on privacy and did not mention for which purpose the UID would be used .
The introduction of Aadhaar bill as a 'Money bill ' was nothing but a brazen and mala fide attempt to bypass the approval of Rajya Sabha which holds an important place in the constitutional and Democratic framework of lawmaking , Ramesh said while challenging the constitutional validity of the Aadhar act .
Insisting that a series of conditions are specified in article 110 and that article 110 uses the word only if those conditions are prevalent can a bill be declared a money bill , Ramesh had said that the Aadhaar bill , which was passed as a money Bill ignored five recommendations made by the Rajya Sabha .
Last week , Mamatabanerjee had said publicly that she would not link her mobile phone number with Aadhaar , as required by the government , and had dared the authorities to cut off her connection .
Amendments must be made to the Aadhaar act , 2016 , after the enactment of a data protection law , in order to bring the act in consonance with the data protection framework , Shashitharoor said .
Ahluwalia , who was the chief guest at the Aadhaar card issuing authority UIDAI 's function here this morning , told his audience during the course of his speech that he had lost his unique identification card .
On the Bjps promise to shut down the Aadhaar system as it is allegedly helping illegal Bangladeshi immigrants to enrol , Nilekani said : its very clearly mentioned that Aadhaar is only an ID card and does not prove ones citizenship .
, to residents and in that process , they were illegally obtaining the Aadhaar Number/Enrolment details from the residents , UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey said in a statement .
The software sometimes fails to read fingerprints and Aadhaar card details of beneficiaries , forcing them to return without their monthly quota of subsidised foodgrain , Modi said .
Stating that he himself does not have an Aadhaar card , Ramesh said a situation may arise when it may be needed even to book a flight or get a phone number .
Admitting to glitches , Ashok Dalwai , UIDAI chief , said , we plan to finish the process by the end of the year .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , while clarifying the points raised by members , said it had been judicially settled in many countries , including the United States , that if an individual wants to claim specific government benefits , asking him or her to enrol for a Aadhaar like programme is not unjust .
Making Aadhaar mandatory for availing subsidies was resulting in exclusion of beneficiaries and the government can not claim to have saved huge subsidies by this , he said .
The ambitious project - which has issued unique identification numbers to more than 380 million people , which is large than the population of several large countries in just a few years - would still take a few more years before every Indian resident is issued with this unique number and the card having the biometric information of the individual , Nilekani told a Washington audience .
Last month the SC ruled that Aadhaar can only be issued to those with proven Indian nationality and can not be mandatory for accessing public services and subsidies .
On the impact of the Supreme Court statement that the government should not make Aadhaar mandatory for availing social benefits , Nilekani said that the matter was Sub-Judice and would come up for its final hearing on September 22 .
As parties like Bjd opposed the move to make Aadhaar mandatory for filing of income tax returns and making pan application , Jaitley said linking of Aadhaar with pan was necessary as people have multiple pan cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion .
