Nandan Nilekani , UIDAI chairman , said the remittance facility demonstrated one of the many uses of Aadhaar .
Swinging into action , the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) has reached out to its regional offices to , in turn , Sensitise enrollment agencies to strictly adhere to the rules of enrollment , even as the erring operator has been blacklisted .
Aadhaar New Delhi ( PTI ) : the government has set a target to enrol about 60 crore people by the end of 2014 under the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) enabled Aadhaar cards , its chairperson Nandan Nilekani said on Thursday .
What Sterilisation was to the emergency , Aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government .
Jaitley further said that the some personal information can be shared with the consent of individual but core Bio-Metric details can not be shared even with the consent of individual .
Jaitley said discussion on the institution of Aadhar has been going on for over seven years after the then upa government approved a bill in September , 2010 and introduced it in parliament that December .
Nilekani said plans are on track to issue Aadhaar numbers to 600 million ( 60 crore ) people in three to three-and-half years .
They know when they make specially designed biometric fingerprint scanner for Aadhaar and put another lock as per UIDAI 's requirement , it will sell in the market .
Speaking at the same programme earlier , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore Aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months .
Bangalore : a governmental group is looking at how to converge two major national identification projects , Nandan Nilekani , chairman of the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , said here on Friday .
However , keeping the drought in view , Siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
In the next phase , the operations would be scaled up in the entire Mysore district , UIDAI chief Nandan Nilekani said .
Those whose Aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the UID website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their E-Aadhaar card , which is as valid as the Aadhaar card itself , '' said Dalwai .
1.7 million Cardssaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating Aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010 , Dalwai said 1.2 million Aadhaar cards were generated every day presently .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani has also said that the strategy of the project will be reviewed and its processes may be changed .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said the data centre in Bangalore is unique and it would store biometric and demographic data of people enrolled under Aadhaar throughout the country .
If a person has a paper Aadhaar card , there is absolutely no need to get his/her Aadhaar card laminated or obtain a plastic Aadhaar card or so called smart Aadhaar card by paying money , Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of UIDAI , said in a statement .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said that the proposed centres require enrolment kits , which cost RS 1.5 lakh each .
Deputy chairman of planning commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia told toi that UIDAI will detail its position on the Aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly .
Jaitley said the UIDAI had been conceptualised by the previous upa dispensation and the NDA government is putting it to use with 98 per cent adults or more than 108 crore people in India having been issued Aadhaar number .
Nearly 15-16 lakh biometric devices are currently being used for Aadhaar authentication across the country .
1 BN Aadhaar cards Soontalking about Aadhaar , Nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by March 2016 .
In his address at the conference , Mr. Naidu said mobile banking transactions were the only alternative to come out of the present currency crisis and asked the collectors to encourage the mobile phone-based banking transactions seeded with Aadhar numbers in the urban areas to mitigate the impact of the cash crunch .
Additionally , as I will elaborate later , we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform , '' finance minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing union budget 2016-17 .
Pressing for the scrutiny of the speakers decision to certify the Aadhaar bill as money bill , RAM said it is important to see what can be certified as money bill .
There is no concept such as smart or plastic Aadhaar card , Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of UIDAI , said in a statement .
Gandhinagar : chief minister Narendra Modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of Aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode .
Prime Minister Modi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with Aadhaar to address irregularities .
Dalwai said no one should apply more than once for an Aadhaar card unless he/she receives a rejection letter from the UIDAI .
Bank Mitras need to be enabled to carry out Rupay card and Aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself , the PM said '' .
Now , the thumb ( used for Aadhaar-Based transactions ) has become your strength , Modi said .
Nandan Nilekani , regarded as the father of the Aadhaar card idea , had said soon after the card was made mandatory for direct benefit transfers in this year 's budget that this has become central to the government 's transformation agenda and will help clear ambiguity in the courts .
Questioning the legitimacy of the UIDAI and the governments claim that Aadhaar is the biggest tool to eradicate corruption in the country , Justice ( Retd ) K s Puttaswamy , the main petitioner in the PIL filed in the Supreme Court on Uiadi , Mathew Thomas , managing trustee of the fifth estate , Somasekhar V K , managing trustee of Grahak Shakti , and Sunil Abraham , CEO , Centre for Internet and society , on Thursday announced that they would be soon filing a contempt petition in the apex court .
Watch video : the big picture of Arun Jaitleys budget 2016We will undertake significant reforms , such as the enactment of a law to ensure that all government benefits are conferred upon persons who deserve it , by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform , he said in speech for union budget 2016-17 .
We will bring it ( UIDAI bill ) in the next monsoon session of parliament instead of the forthcoming budget session , planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia told PTI .
Pm Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Fielding criticism from opposition parties such as the Congress , the Bjd and the TMC over Aadhaar being made mandatory for income tax purposes , Arunjaitley said in told the Lok Sabha , yes , we are making Aadhaar mandatory .
At a recent high-level meeting of Pragati ( pro-active governance and timely implementation ) , Modi asked unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) and chief secretaries of states such as up and Bihar which are lagging behind to accelerate and complete enrollment of all residents by December 2015 .
The mobile phone is a bigger tool of surveillance than Aadhaar .
Speaking to reporters after launching a new revenue department website which facilitates online procurement of residence and income certificates and registration of property , Manoharparrikar said those without an Aadhar card will have to apply for the documents in person .
When asked whether the Modi government had borrowed his ( Aadhar ) legacy and pushed it as its own , Nilekani said : I 'm happy that it 's not only been adopted .
Eighty per cent of the two million individuals , who have been enrolled for the unique Aadhar number so far , have requested for bank accounts , said Nilekani while addressing the NASSCOM leadership forum 2011 .
Progress so Farstate enrolled uploaded Aadhaar card Generatedkarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240Tamil Nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574Puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646Kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154Total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614Source : Uidaienrol from Anywherewhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered , Dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the state or country , provided they have the necessary documents .
Our toll-free helpline 1947 , which has been revamped to handle more incoming calls , brings Aadhaar closer to everyone .
Modi said the Bhim app is `` unstoppable '' .
Having participated in a daylong discussion with officials from Bihar , West Bengal and Jharkhand besides representatives of National-Level registrars like banks , Lici , post offices and other central government agencies notified as national registrars , Nilekani said UIDAI has achieved the targets well within time .
16 : chief minister Mamatabanerjee today said Trinamul MPs would meet the prime minister soon to protest the centre 's alleged efforts to make Aadhaar cards mandatory by September for direct Benefit-Transfer schemes .
There is no sub-contracting allowed under the scheme , Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general of the UIDAI regional office in Bangalore , told the Hindu .
Aadhar chairman Nandan Nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications .
Ramesh had said that Jaitley , in his attempt to justify the decision to treat Aadhaar as money bill , had misled the house by claiming that in the past two bills , one on juvenile justice and another on African Development Bank , too had been brought as money bills .
Those without Aadhar numbers will be given an opportunity to enrol for a UID number , Gautham said .
The digital ID works even if they move places , he said , adding that the passport department , Epfo and other government departments would soon start using Aadhaar .
Noting that this unique identification number is now becoming `` an internal passport and Gateway '' to various services for Indians , Nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this ID is sufficient to get their services .
Prime Minister Narendramodi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with Aadhaar to address irregularities .
Uidai has not authorised the owners of these mobile applications or websites to extend any Aadhaar-Related services on its behalf , Mr Pandey said in the statement .
There is no proposal currently to make the use of Aadhaar mandatory under the scheme , finance minister Arunjaitley said in a written reply in Lok Sabha on February 2 .
If you want to use Aadhaar authentication , then your devices will have to be registered with us , Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of UIDAI told PTI .
At a recent high-level meeting of Pragati ( pro-active governance and timely implementation ) , Modi asked unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) and chief secretaries of states such as up and Bihar which are lagging behind to accelerate and complete enrollment of all residents by December 2015 .
Additionally , as I will elaborate later , we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform , finance minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing union budget 2016-17 .
Eighty per cent of the two million individuals , who have been enrolled for the unique Aadhar number so far , have requested for bank accounts , said Nilekani while addressing the NASSCOM leadership forum 2011 .
Aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up : Siddaramaiahbangalore , may 26 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:57 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the Aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year .
On allegation that Aadhaar is given to illegal immigrants , Nilekani said : Aadhaar only gives you a unique identity , not a citizenship card .
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh said : what Sterilisation was to the emergency , Aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government .
Hailing the scheme as the countrys first totally Aadhar-Based cash transfer programme , Ms. Gandhi said the central governments direct benefit transfer system would be implemented in 51 districts from January 1 , 2013 , facilitating cash entitlement in a total of 32 schemes .
B'Aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online certificates Aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online Certificatesan Aadhar card is mandatory to apply for government-issued certificates online through a newly launched government portal , GOA chief minister Manoharparrikar said on Wednesday .
To a query on rumours that the Aadhaar was issued to migrants from neighbouring countries , Mr. Dalwai said that it was not the Uidais concern .
Lokpal - one among many ways to fight corruption : Nilekanilast updated : 19 August , 2011New Delhi , Aug 19 ( Ians ) 14:03 Istthe Lokpal bill which is before parliament is only one of the many ways of tackling the menace of corruption , said Nandan Nilekani , chairperson of the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) Friday .
Participating in a programme organised by the UIDAI to mark the first anniversary of the launch of Aadhaar enrolments in the country , Mr. Dalwai said the authority , which began its task with a modest capacity to enrol 1,000 members a day a year ago , was now capable of enrolling 10 lakh persons a day .
Dalwai said the response received by UIDAI was too overwhelming and that there was an immediate need to enhance infrastructure , especially pertaining to processing of enrolments .
Dalwai said no one should apply more than once for an Aadhaar card unless he/she receives a rejection letter from the UIDAI .
Ssp Lucknow Deepak said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre ( CSC ) for issuance of Aadhaar card , pan card , income certificate , caste certificate , domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility .
Pm demands 'Concrete ' results of DBT Schemenew Delhi , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the Aadhaar ( unique identification ) card .
Defending his stand to contest on a Congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing , Nilekani said : please understand that Aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform .
Uidai to refresh data collection process in second Phasenew Delhi , Feb 7,2012 , Ians : 19:33 Istthe unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) will be refreshing its data collection process by including the best finger detection and Multiple-Try method in the second phase of enrolment in April , the agency 's chairman Nandan Nilekani said Tuesday '' .
There are people who are entitled to certain schemes but can not avail them due to lack of transparency in the system , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) .
In the past two years , he said , the government has enrolled 24 crore people for Aadhar and we expect to give Aadhar cards to around 60 crore by 2014 .
New Delhi : the centre told the Supreme Court on Tuesday that citizens could not claim absolute right over their body parts and refuse to give digital samples of their fingerprints and Iris for Aadhaar enrolment the concept of absolute right over one 's body was a myth and there were various laws which put restrictions on such a right , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi told a bench of justices a K Sikri and Ashok Bhushan .
Second Phaseon a query on why the Aadhar enrolment was stopped in February this year , Mr. Dalwai said the UIDAI had covered 20 crore people assigned to it by the central government in February .
While the enrolling agencies are paid up to RS 40 for a successful enrollment , banks are charging about RS 50 for the same , said a UIDAI official .
The home minister said the decision will speed up both UID and NPR processes and the entire country will be covered by June , 2013 .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told toi the shell of the building has been handed over to Wipro infotech for developing the data centre .
This is not a tactical , but a strategic partnership , where UIDAI will leverage the existing infrastructure of the Dop to reach out to the masses for providing UID , '' UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said while signing the agreement .
Seeking to make cashless transactions popular in the higher echelons of power , chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday asked district collectors to go for shopping and conduct two digital transactions using their mobile phones seeded with Aadhar numbers and share their experiences on the Day-2 of the two-day collectors conference .
Pandey said , any Aadhaar-Related demographic information can only be shared following the procedures laid down in the Aadhaar act , 2016 .
About using Iris scan for issuing the unique identity number , Nilekani said it is a closed issue because the decision was taken one-and-a-half years ago '' .
After the BJP government took charge , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked UIDAI to fast-track the enrolment process .
Prasad told toi the new law kills the mandatory versus voluntary debate as it did not prohibit anyone from accepting government benefits , but it encourages the use of Aadhaar .
Emphasising on transparency in the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mnregs ) , Yogiadityanath said active workers should be linked with a Aadhaar-Based payment system .
It will also be possible to key in the Aadhaar number at a point-of-sale device and authenticate using biometrics .
The Aadhaar card details were registered with the student bank accounts , said Dr Vinod RAM , head of government model high school , sector 34 .
2 billion biometric Identities- Aadhaar or Foundation- in just a few years , Modi said at the event .
In a review meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under direct benefit transfer ( DBT ) scheme .
Read more Herefinance minister Arun Jaitley counters critique : Yes , we are making Aadhaar Mandatoryduring a discussion on the finance bill , which was passed in the evening on Wednesday , Arun Jaitley said the government was in favour of making Aadhar mandatory for all citizens , saying why cant it be when 98 per cent of the citizens already have it .
Mr. Dalawai told the Hindu that UIDAI systems have a capacity to generate 1.2 million Aadhaar daily .
Our first target is to grab low hanging fruits like the Aadhaar platform and the high penetration of Anroid phones , said Naidu .
Nilekani said plans are on track to issue Aadhaar numbers to 600 million ( 60 crore ) people in three to three-and-half years .
Goa set to achieve 100 % Aadhar card Registrationpanaji , July 13 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 18:46 Istgoa is all set to become the first state to cover all people under the Aadhar card registry , chief minister Manohar Parrikar said here today .
Read : GST will reflect spirit of one nation , one aspiration : top 10 points from PM Modis Niti Aayog Meethere are the Highlights:6:22 PM : use of technologies such as Bhim , Aadhaar would result in significant savings for states , says PM Modi6:18 PM : States should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption , increase transparency in govt procurement : PM Modi6:10 PM : PM Modi asks States , local govts , NGOs to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them .
On Tuesday , Rohatgi told the apex court that sections 7 and 54 of the Aadhaar act made it mandatory for people to get enrolled .
He also said that UIDAI will detail its position on the Aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director of the UIDAI regional office , Bangalore , said UIDAI , in a bid to reduce processing time , had enhanced the capacity of the central identification repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh .
The goal , Nilekani said , is to achieve widespread diffusion of Aadhaar platform knowledge across New entrepreneurial Ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture Aadhaar capabilities .
We reviewed different issues , Ahluwalia said , adding that the home ministry 's national population register ( NPR ) project for constructing digital database of residents could continue along with UIDAI .
Bengaluru : former UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said a sub $ 100 smartphone with an Iris-Recognition camera would be available in a year or two and that would enable users to do a one-click two factor authentication the mobile number would be one factor and the Iris-Based biometric authentication of Aadhaar number would be the second .
Nilekani said Aadhaar has more than 55 crore people into its enrolment and in the next few months it will cross the 60-Crore mark .
Yesterday I have filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court challenging the decision to treat Aadhaar as a money bill , Ramesh , a former union minister during upa , said here .
The UID authority has promised to review procedures and then carry on with the data collection , Chidambaram said at a joint news conference he addressed with Nilekani and planning commission deputy chairperson Montek Singh Ahluwalia .
Now manufacturers too are showing Interestthey know when they make specially designed biometric fingerprint scanner for Aadhaar and put another lock as per Uidais requirement , it will sell in the market .
Maharashtra government was Impleaded after RAM told the court that the state government was insisting on Aadhar card number to pay wages to its employees .
Nandan Nilekani said the Aadhaar project cost is estimated at $ 3- $ 4 billion with each enrollment costing RS 100-150 .
Singh also referred to the government 's plan to implement national e-governance scheme and providing Aadhar numbers .
Nearly 20 lakh people have been enrolled in the state and the process of enrolment is going on at a good pace , Nilekani said while admitting that two other states that come under Ranchi regional office of UIDAI West Bengal and Bihar have of late started picking pace .
The judgement of the Supreme Court added balance to the concept of Aadhaar , Arunjaitley said .
Ramesh said he was challenging the wrongful and unconstitutional enactment of the Aadhaar ( targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies , benefits and services ) act , 2016 by characterising , introducing and passing it as 'Money bill ' in the Lok Sabha .
Uidai regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai said the centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on Aadhaar-Linked beneficiaries ( existing and proposed ) under various public services like subsidized LPG , pension schemes , student scholarship and PDS .
Everyone will get a Chance'Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , told toi : as of now , India post which is a registrar of UID has opened a few counters but public response is overwhelming .
We 're committed to the quality of every enrollment , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , unique identification authority of India .
Only subsidies , cost of which are fully borne by states , wo n't come under the Aadhaar law , he added .
Kumar has asked only one question about Aadhar in parliament , Nilekani has said , questioning his sudden concern .
Therefore we have decided that in addition to the Aadhaar platform all those who have a bank account will also get the LPG subsidy in their accounts directly , finance minister Arun Jaitley told reporters .
Transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like Aadhaar and public distribution system for food , but they do n't have the documents for this , said RAM , programme manager , Aarohan .
Nilekani to join Congress soon in Delhi : Kpcc Chiefbangalore , Jan 25 , 2014 , PTI : 18:27 Istit czar and face of upa 's flagship 'Aadhar ' programme Nandan Nilekani will soon officially join the Congress in Delhi , Karnataka Pradesh Congress committee chief g RAM said today .
Disclosing this to the media here on Wednesday , UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said the authority would begin the exercise on a trial basis across the country on May 1 , before taking it up in earnest on May 15 .
Since the applications have now been linked to Aadhaar numbers , this time , the problem will not crop up , RAM said .
Section 29 ( 4 ) of Aadhaar act prohibits making Aadhaar number of any individual public .
We are saying wherever you do not have business Corespondents , supposing a merchant is able to facilitate payment directly from the Aadhaar-Linked bank account , then there has to be a system in which the merchant should get the incentive , he said .
Dalwai said that one would be asked to Re-Enrol for Aadhaar , if the collected data failed in the quality check for validations .
In Gujarat , even payment in ration shops is being made using thumb impression which is linked to Aadhaar , Prasad said .
We are going to say that in India only registered devices will work ( for Aadhaar authentication ) .
About using Iris scan for issuing the unique identity number , Nilekani said it is a closed issue because the decision was taken one-and-a-half years ago .
Only 'Registered devices ' that incorporate the new specifications will be allowed to perform Aadhaar authentication after September 30 , 2017 .
Another amendment sought to restrict the use of Aadhaar numbers only for targeting of government benefits or service and not for any other purpose .
Ashok M R Dalwai , deputy director general of UIDAI , responding to the percentage of enrolment in the district , said , there were no surprises in the rate of enrolment observed in the district .
The centres will facilitate enrolment of residents left out during the camps organised by registrars in the past and also facilitate biometric and demographic update , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said .
65 lakh current accounts and savings accounts have been linked with the unique identification number , and a total of 6811 Aadhaar Enrolment/Update centres are operational in bank branches , minister of state ( MOS ) for finance , Shiv Shukla said on Friday , in a written reply to a question in Lok Sabha .
Bengaluru : India 's unique digital identity platform Aadhaar and the rapid rise in smartphone usage open up a whole new way of looking at applications , said Nandan Nilekani , former UIDAI chairman .
These websites and companies extending these unauthorised services , tantamount to violation under information technology act 2000 , section 38 of Aadhaar act 2016 , and section 409 ( criminal breach of trust ) and section 420 ( cheating ) of IPC , according to UIDAI .
Imagination is the limit as far as what applications could be built upon the Aadhar platform , Nilekani said .
Jaitley said discussion on the institution of Aadhar has been going on for over seven years after the then upa government approved a bill in September , 2010 and introduced it in parliament that December '' .
When questioned about what scheme will be linked with Aadhar after LPG benefit transfer , UIDAI head Nandan Nilekani said LPG itself would take lot of time to implement and other schemes would be taken up gradually .
Those whose Aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the UID website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their E-Aadhaar card , which is as valid as the Aadhaar card itself , said Dalwai .
Uidai to refresh data collection process in second Phasenew Delhi , Feb 7,2012 , Ians : 19:33 Istthe unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) will be refreshing its data collection process by including the best finger detection and Multiple-Try method in the second phase of enrolment in April , the agency 's chairman Nandan Nilekani said Tuesday .
After intervention by the moderator , Dalwai said : `` I am 200 % confident that UID is a legal body .
After intervention by the moderator , Dalwai said : I am 200 % confident that UID is a legal body .
One of our biggest supporters , the finance minister has been extremely gracious and supportive , and he has always sent me the message that we should do this as fast as we can , Nilekani told reporters at the first anniversary of Aadhaar launch .
1.7 million Cardssaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating Aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010 , Dalwai said 1.2 million Aadhaar cards were generated every day presently .
