This makes it not only one of the most accurate , but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world , '' UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said in a statement here .
Briefing reporters here , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said the electronic know your customer ( Ekyc ) service from UIDAI will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts .
At UIDAI , we are very strict on privacy issues .
New Delhi : President Pranabmukherjee on Sunday said that the Aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country .
Jaitley also said the Aadhaar should be linked with filing of income tax returns to curb tax evasions .
Noting that this unique identification number is now becoming an internal passport and gateway to various services for Indians , Nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this ID is sufficient to get their services .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director of the UIDAI regional office , Bangalore , said UIDAI , in a bid to reduce processing time , had enhanced the capacity of the central identification repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh .
We have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model , as well as scalable technical architecture , '' UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said .
Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee , who was also present at the function , said this UID project will help in improving the delivery mechanism of social welfare schemes .
After the BJP government took charge , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked UIDAI to fast-track the enrolment process .
End-To-End security of resident data has also been given major priority , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general , UIDAI .
Agriculture Minister RAM , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country , said Aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it .
They can log on to the UIDAI website , enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the E-Aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual Aadhaar number arrives , said UIDAI deputy director-general Ashok Dalwai .
The planning commission today said the Nandan Nilekani-Led UIDAI project is better than the one being advocated by the home ministry for capturing data regarding residents and improving the delivery of the government schemes .
Uidai regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai said the centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on Aadhaar-Linked beneficiaries ( existing and proposed ) under various public services like subsidized LPG , pension schemes , student scholarship and PDS .
Addressing the SEBI board , Jaitley also said the passage of new Aadhar law would help in expanding investor base in securities market via KYC ( know your client ) simplification by greater use of technology .
On Wednesday , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that an Aadhaar card could become the sole identifier for a person in future .
The need for this ( Aadhar ) and the utility for this has been universally recognised across states , says Arun Jaitley , Union finance minister .
Also , an individual seeking another Aadhaar number on the same biometric details is sure to be caught by the UIDAI as biometrics are unique to a person .
In a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system , especially in rural pockets , UIDAI has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents .
Elaborating on implementation issues , Ramesh said the government claims to have saved RS 49,000 crore LPG subsidies by linking with Aadhaar but a CAG report has debunked this in a recent report .
Chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating Aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register ( NPR ) , which falls under the home ministry .
Gandhinagar : chief minister Narendra Modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of Aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode .
Just recently it was reported that Rajnath Singh is considering the merger of Aadhaar with the national population register ( NPR ) exercise .
Modi said that day was not far when reputed universities of the world will come to India to conduct case studies on the Bhim-Aadhaar app .
Now , in a more ambitious version of programmes that have slashed poverty in Brazil and Mexico , the government has begun to use the UID database , known as Aadhaar , to make direct cash transfers to the poor , in an attempt to cut out frauds who siphon billions of dollars from welfare schemes .
Aadhaar is a game changer , Arunjaitley said .
Modi said through Aadhaar and cellphones , his government has launched Jan Dhan Yojana and opened 330 million new bank accounts in three years .
They can log on to the UIDAI website , enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the E-Aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual Aadhaar number arrives , said UIDAI deputy director-general Ashok Dalwai .
Demonetisation +Times of India Litfest +New Delhi : will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion , said Nandan Nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of India , at Thetoday .
Emphasising on transparency in the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mnregs ) , Yogiadityanath said that active workers should be linked with Aadhaar-Based payment system .
Ranchi : unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) chairman Nandan Nilekani asked chief minister Arjun Munda to issue a notification declaring Aadhaar numbers as the basis of identity and residential proof of the Aadhaar number holder , following which different service delivery mechanisms could be lawfully linked with the beneficiary .
Moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier , Jaitley said targeted subsidy through Aadhar cards of LPG consumers had resulted in savings of over RS 15000 crore at the centre .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people .
Speaking at a seminar organised by Assocham , Lavasa said Aadhaar has brought efficiency in public spending and removed corruption .
We are simply providing a data bank of identity and residence proof and as Munda government has expressed interest in linking it with PDS , Mgnrega payment , payment of scholarship to students and old age pension through Aadhaar numbers , other states and the centre need to expedite the process of linking different service delivery mechanisms with the Aadhaar number , he said .
As Nandan Nilekani says , with the use of Aadhar-Enabled Ekyc , shifting from one operator to another ( number portability ) can be done in 15 minutes against up to seven days now .
Aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up : Siddaramaiahbangalore , may 26 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:57 Istchief minister RAM on Sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the Aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year .
Mumbai : UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said it platforms could open up a huge app economy , transforming the way healthcare and education services are delivered in the country .
As parties like Bjd opposed the move to make Aadhaar mandatory for filing of income tax returns and making pan application , Jaitley said linking of Aadhaar with pan was necessary as people have multiple pan cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion '' .
At the recent global conference on cyberspace , Prime Minister Modi said , I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar , which is the unique biometric identity of a Personthrough better targeting of subsidies , the jam ( Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile ) Trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $ 10 billion so far .
Delivering the eighth annual Richard H sabot lecture 'Technology to leapfrog development : the Aadhaar experience ' organised by center for global development - a Washington- based think-tank , Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country '' .
Quick Verificationthe pilot project on opening bank accounts with Aadhar information is operational in three banks in Tumkur district of Karnataka , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani told Deccan Herald .
Aadhaar as the foundation of electronic transfer of benefits to beneficiaries of various social sector schemes should yield significant benefits , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman , UIDAI , addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Friday .
There is considerable ease in using Aadhaar-Based authentication apart from several advantages with the entire process being Realti me , UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey told toi .
We will make all 5.58 lakh ration shops Aadhar-Enabled by June 30 .
Aadhar chairman Nandan Nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications .
The unique identity authority of India has been roped in to connect with mobile manufacturers to allow Aadhaar-Enabled banking transactions .
Ssp Lucknow Deepakkumar said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre ( CSC ) for issuance of Aadhaar card , pan card , income certificate , caste certificate , domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility .
At the recent global conference on cyberspace , Prime Minister Narendramodi said , I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar , which is the unique biometric identity of a Personthrough better targeting of subsidies , the jam ( Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile ) Trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $ 10 billion so far .
Aadhaar project would use today 's latest and modern technology , said Dr. Singh .
Asked if the union government has proposed to link any project with Aadhaar , Nilekani said organizations like Central board for direct taxes that issues pan and passport offices have expressed interest in liking up .
The centre recently notified the new Aadhar act which gives the numbers assigned by it a statutory backing for transfer of subsidies and benefits to people eligible for them .
Delivering the eighth annual Richard H sabot lecture 'Technology to leapfrog development : the Aadhaar experience ' organised by center for global development - a Washington- based think-tank , Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country .
Modi said : I want you to work to ensure that each account holder Enrols for Aadhaar and seeds it in the bank account .
Chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating Aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register ( NPR ) , which falls under the home ministry .
New Delhi : President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday said that the Aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country .
Addressing the function , upa chairperson Sonia Gandhi said the Aadhar scheme gives identity to the common man and is a tool to claim benefits .
We have to give everyone an identity card ( and ) Aadhaar is as good an identity as any , said Gandhi , women and child development minister .
At a joint press conference today , Union home minister P Chidambaram , Nilekani and planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh put up a United front , saying the NPR and UID projects will proceed alongside to ensure that all Indian citizens have a unique number by June 2013 .
Complete 'Aadhar ' coverage in Karnataka by June next : Cmbangalore , July 16 , 2013 ( PTI ) : 18:03 Istkarnataka chief minister RAM today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'Aadhaar ' project by June next year .
This makes it not only one of the most accurate , but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said in a statement here .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people .
And across the States , we find an urge now , that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways , RAM said , adding that the roll out of the GST , Aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth .
Dalwai said the second phase of Aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof , both at the enrolment level and data uploading level .
New Delhi : the central government is planning to make all ration shops under the public distribution system in the country Aadhaar-Enabled by June 30 this year , it minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said .
Quick Verificationthe pilot project on opening bank accounts with Aadhar information is operational in three banks in Tumkur district of Karnataka , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani told Deccan Herald .
Dalwai in his reply said that the money spent on the project is subject to audit by the comptroller and auditor general ( CAG ) Prabhakar said that payments under the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mgnregs ) can be accounted for and it will be sent directly to the beneficiaries accounts , which can be operated by the beneficiaries using their UID cards .
Speaking about the enrolments , Nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- Aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day .
Every month 2 crore accounts are being seeded with Aadhaar , Prasad said .
Nilekani also said that UID is working with the ministry of finance and the Department of financial services on financial inclusion , with oil ministry on LPG subsidy reforms , with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms , human resource development ministry on integration of Aakash and Department of telecom for providing Aadhar as know your customer ( KYC ) for mobile connections .
Aadhaar is robust , safe , secure and totally accountable , Prasad told reporters here .
We have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model , as well as scalable technical architecture , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said .
Not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective Aadhaar numbers in an easy , yet secure manner , said Nilekani .
This is not a tactical , but a strategic partnership , where UIDAI will leverage the existing infrastructure of the Dop to reach out to the masses for providing UID , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said while signing the agreement .
Jan Dhan-Aadhar-Mobile Trinity , commonly known as jam , helped the government save leakages worth RS 36,000 crore in subsidies and benefits provided to the poor , during the last one year , Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said .
All Aadhar-Based applications would be accessible through post offices .
India has strong infrastructure and one of the best Aadhar-Enabled payment systems in the world which is Besed on fingerprints , Naidu said , calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode .
Aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas , Mukherjee said .
I want to really emphasise that Aadhar platform is the biggest anti-corruption platform in the world .
The Griha Aadhar scheme has helped households get proper and nutritious diet in the face of inflation , '' Parrikar said , adding that just a few instances when these schemes have been misused can not serve as the grounds for depriving the rest of the beneficiaries '' .
Nilekani , an ex-IT czar , said rural job and pension schemes along with public distribution system can be linked to Aadhar numbers .
We brought Dbtl and took advantage of bank accounts opened under Jan Dhan scheme and Aadhaar numbers to give subsidy straight to consumers , Modi said .
Melbourne : Aadhaar project is an example of using modern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) said unique identification ( UID ) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused .
New Delhi : Microsoft CEO satyanadella on Wednesday announced the integration of Skype and Aadhaar to launch the Skype Lite for low speed mobile Internet connections , which will be supported by Aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations .
Speaking at the inauguration of the direct benefit transfer ( DBT ) scheme in LPG subsidy , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said on Saturday that the state government and the authority would launch a massive enrolment drive in the next few months .
Modi has also asked bankers to ensure that all Jan Dhan bank accounts are linked to Aadhaar or unique identification numbers allotted to people .
Uidai deputy director general ( Bangalore regional office ) Ashok Dalwai told Deccan Herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where UIDAI is operating .
First , we will introduce the targeted delivery of financial and other subsidiary benefits services by using the Aadhaar framework .
Rohatgi said linking pan with Aadhaar was needed to curb the practice of tax evasion and to keep tabs on the circulation of black money as pan was not a foolproof deterrent .
Claiming that the social benefits of a universal identity system was immense , Mr. Dalwai said , in the long-term , the card would reduce the number of bogus ration cards , and could even help in extending credit to the rural poor when they use their UID number for transactions .
New Delhi , Jan 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 15:30 istall Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar , Prime Minister Narendramodi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy .
Aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas , Pranabmukherjee said .
Large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through Aadhar : Govtnew Delhi , Mar 11 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:39 Istthousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the Aadhaar system , finance minister Arun Jaitley said today , as the Lok Sabha passed a bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme .
Mr. Pandey said a lot of planning has gone into jam over the last six years and he was happy to see all the three things ( Jan Dhan bank accounts , Aadhar numbers and mobile phone numbers ) integrated with great efficiency in Krishna district .
Nilekani said Aadhaar identity cards were accepted as valid documents under the know your customer ( KYC ) norms for opening bank accounts , securing mobile connections and getting cooking gas connections .
Unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , the nodal body responsible for rolling out the Aadhaar programme in the country , has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents , in a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system in rural pockets .
Agartala : Union minister Jairam Ramesh has said 'Aadhaar ' numbers , the unique 12-digit identification numbers given to residents of India , would be used to provide different social pensions , Mgnrega wages to workers and scholarships to students .
Nilekani also said that UID is working with the ministry of finance and the Department of financial services on financial inclusion , with oil ministry on LPG subsidy reforms , with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms , human resource development ministry on integration of Aakash and Department of telecom for providing Aadhar as know your customer ( KYC ) for mobile connections .
Addressing the function , upa chairperson Sonia Gandhi said the Aadhaar scheme not only gives identity to the common man but is also a tool to claim benefits .
Citing provisions under the Aadhaar act , 2016 , Shukla said no core biometric information , collected or created under the act , shall be shared with anyone for any reason whatsoever ; or used for any purpose other than generation of Aadhaar numbers and authentication under the act .
Briefing reporters here , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said the electronic know your customer ( Ekyc ) service from UIDAI will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts .
Citing his government 's schemes like Jan Dhan Yojana and Aadhaar , Modi said these efforts have saved more than RS 1,10,000 crore of public money from going to fake beneficiaries .
? ? ? at DUDU only , Aadhaar enabled system of social sector , Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mgnregs ) and pension scheme will be implemented , UIDAI ( unique identification authority of India ) chairman Nandan Nilekani told reporters here .
The Aadhaar integrated services would ensure that the services reached the right person , preventing wastage or diversion of benefits , Mr. Dalwai said .
Observing that at present , over 113 crore residents in India have Aadhaar , Prasad said that Aadhaar is safe , let me say proudly that the data is secure .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general ( tech centre ) , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , said here on Saturday that the UIDAI is working with various state governments to integrate Aadhaar with various social sector service delivery programmes , for efficient delivery of services to the beneficiaries .
We have launched our website in five languages for communicating to a larger audience across the country on issues related to Aadhaar .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) said unique identification ( UID ) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused .
Aadhaar project is to solve the problem of people who do not have an acknowledgement of their existence by people and the state or lack of acknowledgement of their identity , he said .
By giving benefits directly to the needy , complaints of dishonesty and delay will reduce , Singh said at a function where he handed over Aadhar number '21 crore ' to a villager here .
Now , the thumb ( used for Aadhaar-Based transactions ) has become your strength , said Modi .
New Delhi , Jan 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 15:30 istall Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar , Prime Minister Modi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy .
Nilekani added that UID would create for the first time in the country a national devices ' infrastructure that is inter-operable .
Aadhaar will provide a big platform to fight corruption , said UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani , who is expected to contest forthcoming Lok Sabha elections on Congress ticket .
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog : Nilekanimelbourne , Oct 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 9:29 Istaadhaar project is an example Ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said '' .
? ? ? ? in a review meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under direct benefit transfer ( DBT ) scheme .
Speaking at an Assocham event , Lavasa said Aadhaar can become the single identity proof for an array of services .
But he said the Aadhaar platform lent itself to numerous other possibilities - including as an electronic KYC ( know your customer ) and to transfer money between two people .
Bank Mitras need to be enabled to carry out Rupay card and Aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself , the PM said .
In a Facebook post titled 'Benefits of the Aadhaar - where it stands today ' , Arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved RS 90,000 crore in the last few years till March 2018 by eliminating several duplicates , non-existent and fake beneficiaries .
The use of a fake Aadhaar ID will prove more hazardous to criminals as compared to spurious ration or election cards as biometric data can identify an individual with more certainty .
Moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier , Jaitley said targeted subsidy through Aadhar cards of LPG consumers had resulted in savings of over RS 15000 crore at the centre .
Large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through Aadhar : Govtnew Delhi , Mar 11 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:39 Istthousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the Aadhaar system , finance minister Arun Jaitley said today , as the Lok Sabha passed a bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme .
And those who do n't have phones need simply use their Aadhar cards to make payments at Micro-Atms , Nilekani said .
But overall , the entire state will be covered by March 2014 , Nilekani said and added that the state had been in the forefront of the UID programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in Karnataka .
Nilekani said Aadhaar would make the life of India 's 400 million migrants simpler .
Defending his stand to contest on a Congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing , Nilekani said : please understand that Aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform .
Dharwad : Aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of India , but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities , a resident of India is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'Aadhaar ' UIDAI regional office ( Bangalore ) Ashok Dalwai .
However , keeping the drought in view , RAM has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
Prasad said the government saved about RS 50,000 crore LPG subsidy due to the linking of Aadhaar card with Jhan Dhan accounts .
| file Photonew Delhi : Aadhaar becoming an identity proof for every Indian is now a distinct possibility , finance secretary Ashok Lavasa said on Wednesday .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general , UIDAI regional office , Bangalore , said while the response to the project has so far been excellent , there is no deadline to get the UID .
Aadhar is to be linked with everything now and is making good progress in Delhi , Ms. Dikshit said after the meeting .
Terming it as a transformative piece of legislation , Mr. Jaitley said a social security platform will be developed using Aadhaar to accurately target beneficiaries .
Speaking about the enrolments , Nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- Aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day .
Claiming that over 106.69 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated across the country as on Friday , UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey said a special drive will start from October 15 to November 15 , 2016 , and it is aimed at targeting the floating population and leftover residents .
At UIDAI , we are very strict on the privacy issue .
At DUDU only , Aadhaar enabled system of social sector , Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mgnregs ) and pension scheme will be implemented , UIDAI ( unique identification authority of India ) chairman Nandan Nilekani told reporters here .
Unique identification authority chief Nandan Nilekeni asked the state authorities to play a model role in introduction of Aadhar numbers that will help in implementation of social schemes .
Speaking at the same programme earlier , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore Aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months .
First UID number was doled out on September 29 , 2010 , at a village in Maharashtra within 14 months of the project taking off whereas the deadline was set at 18 months , he said , adding that they were confident of issuing 60 crore Aadhaar numbers by 2014 as per the target planned .
We plan to increase the language versions in the future , so that residents who have access to the Internet are able to view important information in a language that they are comfortable with , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman UIDAI while launching the multilingual website from UIDAI tech centre , Bengaluru .
He also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on LPG , kerosene and fertilizers with Aadhaar number holders .
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog : Nilekanimelbourne , Oct 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 9:29 Istaadhaar project is an example Ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said .
1 BN Aadhaar cards Soontalking about Aadhaar , Nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by March 2016 .
Nilekani said the Aadhaar cards , already distributed among 60 crore people , will touch the 100 crore mark by the end of 2015 .
Pm demands 'Concrete ' results of DBT Schemenew Delhi , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries , Prime Minister Modi on Thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the Aadhaar ( unique identification ) card .
Uidai will eventually increase its biometric authentication capacity to 40 crore , UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey told reporters here .
As of now , 14 banks have come on board for Aadhaar pay and the service will be launched soon , Prasad said told reporters .
Uidai is currently working with banks and the National payments corporation of India ( Npci ) and expects to roll out the feature in the next few weeks .
Dalwai said the second phase of Aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof , both at the enrolment level and data uploading level .
But overall , the entire state will be covered by March 2014 , Nilekani said and added that the state had been in the forefront of the UID programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in Karnataka .
Mysore : for the marginalized , illiterate and vulnerable groups , Aadhaar will come as a boon to would turn into boon for marginalized or vulnerable groups to get access many services with a help of single identity number opined , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) .
The goal , Nilekani said , is to achieve widespread diffusion of Aadhaar platform knowledge across New entrepreneurial Ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture Aadhaar capabilities .
The monies saved through Aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere , Arunjaitley said .
The scheme to pay this compensation has now been incorporated into the Shetkari Adhar Nidhi scheme of the Agriculture Department , Parrikar said .
Complete 'Aadhar ' coverage in Karnataka by June next : Cmbangalore , July 16 , 2013 ( PTI ) : 18:03 Istkarnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'Aadhaar ' project by June next year .
Not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective Aadhaar numbers in an easy , yet secure manner , said Nilekani .
( PTI ) Mumbai : prime minister Modi who paid floral tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary at Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur , said the Bhim Aadhaar is the strongest foundation of a new economy and a new India that Dr Ambedkar had envisaged .
Progress so Farstate enrolled uploaded Aadhaar card Generatedkarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240Tamil Nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574Puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646Kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154Total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614Source : Uidaienrol from Anywherewhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered , Dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the state or country , provided they have the necessary documents .
Aadhar to bring transparency in welfare schemes : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 15 , 2012 , ( Ians ) : 9:57 Istthe government wanted to create a system through which money from central welfare schemes could be credited directly into bank accounts of beneficiaries and would utilise the unique identification number Aadhar scheme for this , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Wednesday .
New Delhi : the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) will move the Supreme Court to explain its position related to the Aadhaar scheme and also make a bid to save the upa 's showpiece initiative which aims at ensuring transparency in accessing public services and payment of subsidies .
Prasad said , the higher the linkages with the Aadhaar number , the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions .
Dharwad : `` Aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of India , but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities , a resident of India is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'Aadhaar ' UIDAI regional office ( Bangalore ) Ashok Dalwai .
We are going to make payment through Aadhar-Linked ( bank ) accounts in 46 districts , rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said .
In a Facebook post titled 'Benefits of the Aadhaar - where it stands today ' , Arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved RS 90,000 crore in the last few years till March 2018 by eliminating several duplicate , non-existent and fake beneficiaries .
Dalwai said even those residents whose enrolments have been rejected can approach the enrolment centres with necessary documents and go for fresh enrolments .
