Nandan Nilekani , UIDAI chairman , said the remittance facility demonstrated one of the many uses of Aadhaar .
Swinging into action , the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) has reached out to its regional offices to , in turn , Sensitise enrollment agencies to strictly adhere to the rules of enrollment , even as the erring operator has been blacklisted .
Aadhaar New Delhi ( PTI ) : the government has set a target to enrol about 60 crore people by the end of 2014 under the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) enabled Aadhaar cards , its chairperson Nandan Nilekani said on Thursday .
What Sterilisation was to the emergency , Aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government .
Jaitley further said that the some personal information can be shared with the consent of individual but core Bio-Metric details can not be shared even with the consent of individual .
Jaitley said discussion on the institution of Aadhar has been going on for over seven years after the then upa government approved a bill in September , 2010 and introduced it in parliament that December .
Nilekani said plans are on track to issue Aadhaar numbers to 600 million ( 60 crore ) people in three to three-and-half years .
They know when they make specially designed biometric fingerprint scanner for Aadhaar and put another lock as per UIDAI 's requirement , it will sell in the market .
Speaking at the same programme earlier , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore Aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months .
Bangalore : a governmental group is looking at how to converge two major national identification projects , Nandan Nilekani , chairman of the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , said here on Friday .
However , keeping the drought in view , Siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
In the next phase , the operations would be scaled up in the entire Mysore district , UIDAI chief Nandan Nilekani said .
Those whose Aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the UID website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their E-Aadhaar card , which is as valid as the Aadhaar card itself , '' said Dalwai .
1.7 million Cardssaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating Aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010 , Dalwai said 1.2 million Aadhaar cards were generated every day presently .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani has also said that the strategy of the project will be reviewed and its processes may be changed .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said the data centre in Bangalore is unique and it would store biometric and demographic data of people enrolled under Aadhaar throughout the country .
If a person has a paper Aadhaar card , there is absolutely no need to get his/her Aadhaar card laminated or obtain a plastic Aadhaar card or so called smart Aadhaar card by paying money , Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of UIDAI , said in a statement .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said that the proposed centres require enrolment kits , which cost RS 1.5 lakh each .
Deputy chairman of planning commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia told toi that UIDAI will detail its position on the Aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly .
Jaitley said the UIDAI had been conceptualised by the previous upa dispensation and the NDA government is putting it to use with 98 per cent adults or more than 108 crore people in India having been issued Aadhaar number .
Nearly 15-16 lakh biometric devices are currently being used for Aadhaar authentication across the country .
1 BN Aadhaar cards Soontalking about Aadhaar , Nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by March 2016 .
In his address at the conference , Mr. Naidu said mobile banking transactions were the only alternative to come out of the present currency crisis and asked the collectors to encourage the mobile phone-based banking transactions seeded with Aadhar numbers in the urban areas to mitigate the impact of the cash crunch .
Additionally , as I will elaborate later , we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform , '' finance minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing union budget 2016-17 .
Pressing for the scrutiny of the speakers decision to certify the Aadhaar bill as money bill , RAM said it is important to see what can be certified as money bill .
There is no concept such as smart or plastic Aadhaar card , Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of UIDAI , said in a statement .
Gandhinagar : chief minister Narendra Modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of Aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode .
Prime Minister Modi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with Aadhaar to address irregularities .
Dalwai said no one should apply more than once for an Aadhaar card unless he/she receives a rejection letter from the UIDAI .
Bank Mitras need to be enabled to carry out Rupay card and Aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself , the PM said '' .
Now , the thumb ( used for Aadhaar-Based transactions ) has become your strength , Modi said .
Nandan Nilekani , regarded as the father of the Aadhaar card idea , had said soon after the card was made mandatory for direct benefit transfers in this year 's budget that this has become central to the government 's transformation agenda and will help clear ambiguity in the courts .
Questioning the legitimacy of the UIDAI and the governments claim that Aadhaar is the biggest tool to eradicate corruption in the country , Justice ( Retd ) K s Puttaswamy , the main petitioner in the PIL filed in the Supreme Court on Uiadi , Mathew Thomas , managing trustee of the fifth estate , Somasekhar V K , managing trustee of Grahak Shakti , and Sunil Abraham , CEO , Centre for Internet and society , on Thursday announced that they would be soon filing a contempt petition in the apex court .
Watch video : the big picture of Arun Jaitleys budget 2016We will undertake significant reforms , such as the enactment of a law to ensure that all government benefits are conferred upon persons who deserve it , by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform , he said in speech for union budget 2016-17 .
We will bring it ( UIDAI bill ) in the next monsoon session of parliament instead of the forthcoming budget session , planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia told PTI .
Pm Modi said those opposing Evms are not only opposed to Evms , they have problems with technology , digital transactions , Aadhaar , GST , Bhim app .
Fielding criticism from opposition parties such as the Congress , the Bjd and the TMC over Aadhaar being made mandatory for income tax purposes , Arunjaitley said in told the Lok Sabha , yes , we are making Aadhaar mandatory .
At a recent high-level meeting of Pragati ( pro-active governance and timely implementation ) , Modi asked unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) and chief secretaries of states such as up and Bihar which are lagging behind to accelerate and complete enrollment of all residents by December 2015 .
The mobile phone is a bigger tool of surveillance than Aadhaar .
Speaking to reporters after launching a new revenue department website which facilitates online procurement of residence and income certificates and registration of property , Manoharparrikar said those without an Aadhar card will have to apply for the documents in person .
When asked whether the Modi government had borrowed his ( Aadhar ) legacy and pushed it as its own , Nilekani said : I 'm happy that it 's not only been adopted .
Eighty per cent of the two million individuals , who have been enrolled for the unique Aadhar number so far , have requested for bank accounts , said Nilekani while addressing the NASSCOM leadership forum 2011 .
Progress so Farstate enrolled uploaded Aadhaar card Generatedkarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240Tamil Nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574Puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646Kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154Total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614Source : Uidaienrol from Anywherewhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered , Dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the state or country , provided they have the necessary documents .
Our toll-free helpline 1947 , which has been revamped to handle more incoming calls , brings Aadhaar closer to everyone .
Modi said the Bhim app is `` unstoppable '' .
Having participated in a daylong discussion with officials from Bihar , West Bengal and Jharkhand besides representatives of National-Level registrars like banks , Lici , post offices and other central government agencies notified as national registrars , Nilekani said UIDAI has achieved the targets well within time .
16 : chief minister Mamatabanerjee today said Trinamul MPs would meet the prime minister soon to protest the centre 's alleged efforts to make Aadhaar cards mandatory by September for direct Benefit-Transfer schemes .
There is no sub-contracting allowed under the scheme , Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general of the UIDAI regional office in Bangalore , told the Hindu .
Aadhar chairman Nandan Nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications .
Ramesh had said that Jaitley , in his attempt to justify the decision to treat Aadhaar as money bill , had misled the house by claiming that in the past two bills , one on juvenile justice and another on African Development Bank , too had been brought as money bills .
Those without Aadhar numbers will be given an opportunity to enrol for a UID number , Gautham said .
The digital ID works even if they move places , he said , adding that the passport department , Epfo and other government departments would soon start using Aadhaar .
Noting that this unique identification number is now becoming `` an internal passport and Gateway '' to various services for Indians , Nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this ID is sufficient to get their services .
Prime Minister Narendramodi has repeatedly said that state governments should map their department databases with Aadhaar to address irregularities .
Uidai has not authorised the owners of these mobile applications or websites to extend any Aadhaar-Related services on its behalf , Mr Pandey said in the statement .
There is no proposal currently to make the use of Aadhaar mandatory under the scheme , finance minister Arunjaitley said in a written reply in Lok Sabha on February 2 .
If you want to use Aadhaar authentication , then your devices will have to be registered with us , Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of UIDAI told PTI .
At a recent high-level meeting of Pragati ( pro-active governance and timely implementation ) , Modi asked unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) and chief secretaries of states such as up and Bihar which are lagging behind to accelerate and complete enrollment of all residents by December 2015 .
Additionally , as I will elaborate later , we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform , finance minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing union budget 2016-17 .
Eighty per cent of the two million individuals , who have been enrolled for the unique Aadhar number so far , have requested for bank accounts , said Nilekani while addressing the NASSCOM leadership forum 2011 .
Aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up : Siddaramaiahbangalore , may 26 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:57 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the Aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year .
On allegation that Aadhaar is given to illegal immigrants , Nilekani said : Aadhaar only gives you a unique identity , not a citizenship card .
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh said : what Sterilisation was to the emergency , Aadhaar seeding is becoming to your government .
Hailing the scheme as the countrys first totally Aadhar-Based cash transfer programme , Ms. Gandhi said the central governments direct benefit transfer system would be implemented in 51 districts from January 1 , 2013 , facilitating cash entitlement in a total of 32 schemes .
B'Aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online certificates Aadhaar card to become mandatory to procure online Certificatesan Aadhar card is mandatory to apply for government-issued certificates online through a newly launched government portal , GOA chief minister Manoharparrikar said on Wednesday .
To a query on rumours that the Aadhaar was issued to migrants from neighbouring countries , Mr. Dalwai said that it was not the Uidais concern .
Lokpal - one among many ways to fight corruption : Nilekanilast updated : 19 August , 2011New Delhi , Aug 19 ( Ians ) 14:03 Istthe Lokpal bill which is before parliament is only one of the many ways of tackling the menace of corruption , said Nandan Nilekani , chairperson of the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) Friday .
Participating in a programme organised by the UIDAI to mark the first anniversary of the launch of Aadhaar enrolments in the country , Mr. Dalwai said the authority , which began its task with a modest capacity to enrol 1,000 members a day a year ago , was now capable of enrolling 10 lakh persons a day .
Dalwai said the response received by UIDAI was too overwhelming and that there was an immediate need to enhance infrastructure , especially pertaining to processing of enrolments .
Dalwai said no one should apply more than once for an Aadhaar card unless he/she receives a rejection letter from the UIDAI .
Ssp Lucknow Deepak said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre ( CSC ) for issuance of Aadhaar card , pan card , income certificate , caste certificate , domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility .
Pm demands 'Concrete ' results of DBT Schemenew Delhi , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the Aadhaar ( unique identification ) card .
Defending his stand to contest on a Congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing , Nilekani said : please understand that Aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform .
Uidai to refresh data collection process in second Phasenew Delhi , Feb 7,2012 , Ians : 19:33 Istthe unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) will be refreshing its data collection process by including the best finger detection and Multiple-Try method in the second phase of enrolment in April , the agency 's chairman Nandan Nilekani said Tuesday '' .
There are people who are entitled to certain schemes but can not avail them due to lack of transparency in the system , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) .
In the past two years , he said , the government has enrolled 24 crore people for Aadhar and we expect to give Aadhar cards to around 60 crore by 2014 .
New Delhi : the centre told the Supreme Court on Tuesday that citizens could not claim absolute right over their body parts and refuse to give digital samples of their fingerprints and Iris for Aadhaar enrolment the concept of absolute right over one 's body was a myth and there were various laws which put restrictions on such a right , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi told a bench of justices a K Sikri and Ashok Bhushan .
Second Phaseon a query on why the Aadhar enrolment was stopped in February this year , Mr. Dalwai said the UIDAI had covered 20 crore people assigned to it by the central government in February .
While the enrolling agencies are paid up to RS 40 for a successful enrollment , banks are charging about RS 50 for the same , said a UIDAI official .
The home minister said the decision will speed up both UID and NPR processes and the entire country will be covered by June , 2013 .
Uidai deputy director general Ashok Dalwai told toi the shell of the building has been handed over to Wipro infotech for developing the data centre .
This is not a tactical , but a strategic partnership , where UIDAI will leverage the existing infrastructure of the Dop to reach out to the masses for providing UID , '' UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said while signing the agreement .
Seeking to make cashless transactions popular in the higher echelons of power , chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday asked district collectors to go for shopping and conduct two digital transactions using their mobile phones seeded with Aadhar numbers and share their experiences on the Day-2 of the two-day collectors conference .
Pandey said , any Aadhaar-Related demographic information can only be shared following the procedures laid down in the Aadhaar act , 2016 .
About using Iris scan for issuing the unique identity number , Nilekani said it is a closed issue because the decision was taken one-and-a-half years ago '' .
After the BJP government took charge , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked UIDAI to fast-track the enrolment process .
Prasad told toi the new law kills the mandatory versus voluntary debate as it did not prohibit anyone from accepting government benefits , but it encourages the use of Aadhaar .
Emphasising on transparency in the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mnregs ) , Yogiadityanath said active workers should be linked with a Aadhaar-Based payment system .
It will also be possible to key in the Aadhaar number at a point-of-sale device and authenticate using biometrics .
The Aadhaar card details were registered with the student bank accounts , said Dr Vinod RAM , head of government model high school , sector 34 .
2 billion biometric Identities- Aadhaar or Foundation- in just a few years , Modi said at the event .
In a review meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under direct benefit transfer ( DBT ) scheme .
Read more Herefinance minister Arun Jaitley counters critique : Yes , we are making Aadhaar Mandatoryduring a discussion on the finance bill , which was passed in the evening on Wednesday , Arun Jaitley said the government was in favour of making Aadhar mandatory for all citizens , saying why cant it be when 98 per cent of the citizens already have it .
Mr. Dalawai told the Hindu that UIDAI systems have a capacity to generate 1.2 million Aadhaar daily .
Our first target is to grab low hanging fruits like the Aadhaar platform and the high penetration of Anroid phones , said Naidu .
Nilekani said plans are on track to issue Aadhaar numbers to 600 million ( 60 crore ) people in three to three-and-half years .
Goa set to achieve 100 % Aadhar card Registrationpanaji , July 13 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 18:46 Istgoa is all set to become the first state to cover all people under the Aadhar card registry , chief minister Manohar Parrikar said here today .
Read : GST will reflect spirit of one nation , one aspiration : top 10 points from PM Modis Niti Aayog Meethere are the Highlights:6:22 PM : use of technologies such as Bhim , Aadhaar would result in significant savings for states , says PM Modi6:18 PM : States should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption , increase transparency in govt procurement : PM Modi6:10 PM : PM Modi asks States , local govts , NGOs to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them .
On Tuesday , Rohatgi told the apex court that sections 7 and 54 of the Aadhaar act made it mandatory for people to get enrolled .
He also said that UIDAI will detail its position on the Aadhaar system to the apex court in an affidavit to be filed shortly .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director of the UIDAI regional office , Bangalore , said UIDAI , in a bid to reduce processing time , had enhanced the capacity of the central identification repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh .
The goal , Nilekani said , is to achieve widespread diffusion of Aadhaar platform knowledge across New entrepreneurial Ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture Aadhaar capabilities .
We reviewed different issues , Ahluwalia said , adding that the home ministry 's national population register ( NPR ) project for constructing digital database of residents could continue along with UIDAI .
Bengaluru : former UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said a sub $ 100 smartphone with an Iris-Recognition camera would be available in a year or two and that would enable users to do a one-click two factor authentication the mobile number would be one factor and the Iris-Based biometric authentication of Aadhaar number would be the second .
Nilekani said Aadhaar has more than 55 crore people into its enrolment and in the next few months it will cross the 60-Crore mark .
Yesterday I have filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court challenging the decision to treat Aadhaar as a money bill , Ramesh , a former union minister during upa , said here .
The UID authority has promised to review procedures and then carry on with the data collection , Chidambaram said at a joint news conference he addressed with Nilekani and planning commission deputy chairperson Montek Singh Ahluwalia .
Now manufacturers too are showing Interestthey know when they make specially designed biometric fingerprint scanner for Aadhaar and put another lock as per Uidais requirement , it will sell in the market .
Maharashtra government was Impleaded after RAM told the court that the state government was insisting on Aadhar card number to pay wages to its employees .
Nandan Nilekani said the Aadhaar project cost is estimated at $ 3- $ 4 billion with each enrollment costing RS 100-150 .
Singh also referred to the government 's plan to implement national e-governance scheme and providing Aadhar numbers .
Nearly 20 lakh people have been enrolled in the state and the process of enrolment is going on at a good pace , Nilekani said while admitting that two other states that come under Ranchi regional office of UIDAI West Bengal and Bihar have of late started picking pace .
The judgement of the Supreme Court added balance to the concept of Aadhaar , Arunjaitley said .
Ramesh said he was challenging the wrongful and unconstitutional enactment of the Aadhaar ( targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies , benefits and services ) act , 2016 by characterising , introducing and passing it as 'Money bill ' in the Lok Sabha .
Uidai regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai said the centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on Aadhaar-Linked beneficiaries ( existing and proposed ) under various public services like subsidized LPG , pension schemes , student scholarship and PDS .
Everyone will get a Chance'Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , told toi : as of now , India post which is a registrar of UID has opened a few counters but public response is overwhelming .
We 're committed to the quality of every enrollment , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general , unique identification authority of India .
Only subsidies , cost of which are fully borne by states , wo n't come under the Aadhaar law , he added .
Kumar has asked only one question about Aadhar in parliament , Nilekani has said , questioning his sudden concern .
Therefore we have decided that in addition to the Aadhaar platform all those who have a bank account will also get the LPG subsidy in their accounts directly , finance minister Arun Jaitley told reporters .
Transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like Aadhaar and public distribution system for food , but they do n't have the documents for this , said RAM , programme manager , Aarohan .
Nilekani to join Congress soon in Delhi : Kpcc Chiefbangalore , Jan 25 , 2014 , PTI : 18:27 Istit czar and face of upa 's flagship 'Aadhar ' programme Nandan Nilekani will soon officially join the Congress in Delhi , Karnataka Pradesh Congress committee chief g RAM said today .
Disclosing this to the media here on Wednesday , UIDAI deputy director general Ashok Dalwai said the authority would begin the exercise on a trial basis across the country on May 1 , before taking it up in earnest on May 15 .
Since the applications have now been linked to Aadhaar numbers , this time , the problem will not crop up , RAM said .
Section 29 ( 4 ) of Aadhaar act prohibits making Aadhaar number of any individual public .
We are saying wherever you do not have business Corespondents , supposing a merchant is able to facilitate payment directly from the Aadhaar-Linked bank account , then there has to be a system in which the merchant should get the incentive , he said .
Dalwai said that one would be asked to Re-Enrol for Aadhaar , if the collected data failed in the quality check for validations .
In Gujarat , even payment in ration shops is being made using thumb impression which is linked to Aadhaar , Prasad said .
We are going to say that in India only registered devices will work ( for Aadhaar authentication ) .
About using Iris scan for issuing the unique identity number , Nilekani said it is a closed issue because the decision was taken one-and-a-half years ago .
Only 'Registered devices ' that incorporate the new specifications will be allowed to perform Aadhaar authentication after September 30 , 2017 .
Another amendment sought to restrict the use of Aadhaar numbers only for targeting of government benefits or service and not for any other purpose .
Ashok M R Dalwai , deputy director general of UIDAI , responding to the percentage of enrolment in the district , said , there were no surprises in the rate of enrolment observed in the district .
The centres will facilitate enrolment of residents left out during the camps organised by registrars in the past and also facilitate biometric and demographic update , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said .
65 lakh current accounts and savings accounts have been linked with the unique identification number , and a total of 6811 Aadhaar Enrolment/Update centres are operational in bank branches , minister of state ( MOS ) for finance , Shiv Shukla said on Friday , in a written reply to a question in Lok Sabha .
Bengaluru : India 's unique digital identity platform Aadhaar and the rapid rise in smartphone usage open up a whole new way of looking at applications , said Nandan Nilekani , former UIDAI chairman .
These websites and companies extending these unauthorised services , tantamount to violation under information technology act 2000 , section 38 of Aadhaar act 2016 , and section 409 ( criminal breach of trust ) and section 420 ( cheating ) of IPC , according to UIDAI .
Imagination is the limit as far as what applications could be built upon the Aadhar platform , Nilekani said .
Jaitley said discussion on the institution of Aadhar has been going on for over seven years after the then upa government approved a bill in September , 2010 and introduced it in parliament that December '' .
When questioned about what scheme will be linked with Aadhar after LPG benefit transfer , UIDAI head Nandan Nilekani said LPG itself would take lot of time to implement and other schemes would be taken up gradually .
Those whose Aadhaar card has been delayed in delivery can log on to the UID website and key in their enrolment number and take a print of their E-Aadhaar card , which is as valid as the Aadhaar card itself , said Dalwai .
Uidai to refresh data collection process in second Phasenew Delhi , Feb 7,2012 , Ians : 19:33 Istthe unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) will be refreshing its data collection process by including the best finger detection and Multiple-Try method in the second phase of enrolment in April , the agency 's chairman Nandan Nilekani said Tuesday .
After intervention by the moderator , Dalwai said : `` I am 200 % confident that UID is a legal body .
After intervention by the moderator , Dalwai said : I am 200 % confident that UID is a legal body .
One of our biggest supporters , the finance minister has been extremely gracious and supportive , and he has always sent me the message that we should do this as fast as we can , Nilekani told reporters at the first anniversary of Aadhaar launch .
1.7 million Cardssaying that there has been an improvement in the frequency in generating Aadhaar cards per day ever since it was launched in 2010 , Dalwai said 1.2 million Aadhaar cards were generated every day presently .
Finance secretary Ashok Lavasa had earlier said withdrawal limits will be reviewed after December 30 .
Many ATMs , which reopened four days after Prime Minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of two higher value currency notes , ran out of cash in few hours , leaving people frustrated .
A persons , as per the revised guideline , is allowed to exchange old notes totalling up to 4,500 on a single day .
Atms , which reopened two days after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of two biggest currency notes , had people queued up since early morning .
Watch video : Demonetisation : banks provide new RS 500 Notesthe DEA secretary revealed that the finance ministry has received reports of many trying to convert their black money by sending people in groups to swap currency at Bank counters .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Jaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies .
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a Tweet .
A day after Prime Minister Modi announced ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money , government had on November 9 said that no toll fee would be collected on national highways till November 11 midnight .
In a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system , especially in rural pockets , UIDAI has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents .
With the impact of Demonetisation largely over and the GST unlikely to substantially derail consumer spending , IHS Markit forecast real GDP growth to hit 7.3 per cent for 2017- 18 as a whole , '' Lima said .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Jaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies '' .
It has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get RS 4500 , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters .
In order to ease cash situation , the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Babu in a televised address to the nation had announced Demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley today in his talk on note ban to NDTV said that security printing of currency is a time-consuming exercise , however , RBI is calibrating release of currency .
B'Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee on Saturday said that the government has sent notice to 17 persons in connection with stashing black money in foreign banks but it was not possible to reveal their names .
On disclosure of names of black money , Arunjaitley said , we can not make the names of black money holders public at will .
There is a move to set up a new agency for probing anomalies in income tax returns filed by 18 lakh people after Demonetisation , Union minister Radhamohansingh said on Wednesday .
On other measures to boost digital transactions , Mr. Das said the telecom regulator TRAI has decided to reduce the USSD ( unstructured supplementary service data ) charges from the current RS . 1.50 per session to 50 Paise per session for transactions relating to banking and payments .
On augmenting delivery channels , Das said cash availability with the district central cooperative banks ( Dccbs ) and 1.3 lakh post offices has been enhanced which should be able to meet the requirements of rural population .
He said over RS 3 lakh crores have been deposited in various banks thus far and the government is expecting more RS 11 lakh crores by December end .
While announcing its quarterly result , SBI chairperson Arundhatibhattacharya also said that the bank has got deposits worth RS 53,000 crore and has exchanged currency worth RS 1,500 crore after Demonetisation move .
And central government employees , up to type C , can withdraw their salary in advance up to RS 10,000 , Das said .
Earlier in the day , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes , causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash .
Gujarat leads the pack in seizures of fake RS 2,000 notes between November 9 last year , a day after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , and March 7 this year , followed by Delhi and Karnataka .
Each joint secretary has been assigned three or four states to make action plans , Das said .
In a few months , RS 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market , said economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the economic editor 's conference here today .
The over-the-counter exchange of RS 500/1,000 in return of new currency will be available `` once per person till December 30 '' '' .
We have also noticed that people are trying to convert black money by sending many people to different branches , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
Each joint secretary has been assigned 3-4 States and banks for constant monitoring of currency supply situation and make action plan , Das said .
Taking Cognisance of the hardship faced by small traders , the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to RS 50,000 per week .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi in a surprise move announced Demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes and since then , long queues before banks and post offices are seen to deposit or exchange these currencies .
Addressing the media in New Delhi about prime minister 's meeting on Sunday to review , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said Monday that the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations , including 2000 rupee notes , from today or tomorrow .
For over the counter exchange of old RS 500/1000 notes , with effect from Nov 18 , RS 4,500 limit will be reduced to RS 2000 , DEA secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
Various wings of the government , the RBI and banks are working to ensure that the situation eases fast .
Rohatgi said that the centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue .
To make this whole process faster , a task force was decided to be set up under the chairmanship of the RBI deputy governor , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here on Monday .
The RBI has infused more than RS 5 lakh crore of currency notes into the banking system since November 8 .
A total of RS 450 crore had been deposited in the branch since November 8 , the day prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1 .
Many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation exercise on November 8 .
Gandhi said that in parliament he had asked Modi four questions on his promises of bringing back black money and depositing RS 15 lakh in everybody 's bank account , the recent budget proposal of turning black money to white , Rohith Vemula 's suicide , Kanhaiya Kumar and Jnu and finally about the number of youths employed as a result of his 'Make in India ' scheme .
To help small traders meet their business requirements , Das said the government has decided to increase the cash withdrawal limit to RS 50,000 per week for small businesses '' .
Earlier on December 9 , the apex court asked the centre whether its decision to bring in Demonetisation was taken in absolute secrecy while hearing a bunch of petitions questioning the Narendra Modi governments rationale behind the implementation of the policy .
Addressing the media in New Delhi about prime ministers last night meeting to review the Demonetisation and its impact , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations , including 2000 rupee notes , from today or tomorrow .
Explaining the reason for holding back the release of RS 1,000 currency notes , Das said maintaining secrecy about the entire exercise was topmost priority , prompting the government to rope in only two to three people for designing the new notes .
Seized notes are also being put into circulation as soon as possible .
The RBI has already pumped in RS 5 lakh crore worth 500 and 2,000 rupee notes and by month end about 50 per cent of the RS 15 lakh crore worth Demonetised currency would be injected into the system , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here '' .
New Delhi , Feb 3 , 2017 ( PTI ) 14:36 Istthe exercise of Remonetisation that began after scrapping of the old RS 500 and 1,000 notes on November 8 is `` nearly complete '' as practically there are no restrictions on withdrawals , said economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das '' .
Together , these 2.5 lakh delivery points , mostly in rural areas , would be able to give bigger quantum of cash to the public , he added .
India vs England live Scorewatch Videoearlier , the government has introduced the use of indelible ink at select metro cities to deter unscrupulous element from sending honest people in groups to convert black money to white .
Replying to Thakur , Rohatgi said that some bank managers are allegedly involved in illegal activities and the government is acting against the culprits .
New Delhi , Nov 17 , 2016 , PTI : 15:43 Istwith the Demonetisation creating hardships in the middle of marriage and sowing seasons , government today allowed Witdrawals up to RS 2.5 lakh for weddings and up to RS 50,000 for farmers but more than halved the limit of exchange of defunct notes to RS 2,000 .
With regard to indelible ink mark , Das said the operational guidelines would be decided by the banks .
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks , similar to the one used in elections , at cash counters , Das said .
Das said the Remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the Demonetisation by the prime minister on November 8 '' .
It should make public how much money has been pumped back into the economy and the amount of money states have received post Demonetisation , Mamatabanerjee said .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi announced the withdrawal of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinets approval .
In order to ease cash situation , the government has formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor on regular basis the shortage of the currency .
With opposition parties alleging that top BJP leaders knew about Demonetisation in advance and protected their ill-gotten gains , Prime Minister Modi asked all his party MPs and union ministers to share their bank transaction details from November 8 to December 31 with party chief Amit Shah .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of RS 1,000 and RS 500 on November 8 , 2016 , ATMs across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of RS 2,000 and RS 500 .
Thomas said the PAC has asked Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to come out with the exact number of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes which were Demonetised and deposited with banks after Prime Minister Modi announced the move on November 8 .
Gandhi said finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said economic decline had nothing to do with the Demonetisation .
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared , '' economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a Tweet '' .
On the issue of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said the Congress government had not initiated any step against black money .
The emphasis now is to provide cash to rural areas from where reports of inadequate availability of cash are coming in , economic affairs secretary Shaktikant Das told reporters .
What Jaitley is not telling you is that Modi did not even asked him about Demonetisation that is the way government of India is being run .
Citing an example , Rohatgi said petrol pumps deposited mostly RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes in banks when the exemptions were allowed .
The Pmo direction came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the November-December period after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation .
These are being replaced with new currency bills of RS 500 and RS 2,000 '' .
Das said it had been decided to constitute technology teams to hasten the pace of recalibrating the ATMs for the new High-Denomination notes .
B'For promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise Rupay card among people , Bihar cm Nitishkumar said .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
In an attempt to weed out black money , Prime Minister Modi had announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
Soon after Prime Minister Modi announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes would be scrapped , prices touched RS 32,500 ( 24 karat ) and RS 31,500 ( 22 karat ) .
It is January 12 , 2017 , 66 days since prime minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
New Delhi : battling the oppositions criticism on its sudden move to ban the big currency notes to check black or untaxed money , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das on Friday said the people who are indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared .
79 million followers and other Twitterati to take part in her suggested social media movement against Demonetisation , which prime minister Narendramodi had announced on November 8 last year .
So the RBI has given necessary instructions to connected banks to give necessary cash required by royal monetary authority of Bhutan , '' he said .
Bengaluru : Demonetisation has been the talk of every home , street and By-Lane of the country since prime minister Modi announced the withdrawal of RS 500 and RS 1000 notes on November 8 .
Also , over RS 25,000 crore in cash was deposited in dormant bank accounts , while nearly RS 80,000 crore of repayment of loans was done in cash since November 8 , 2016 when Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation .
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
In less than 90 days , the whole process of Remonetisation is almost complete .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on November 8 last year had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikant Das Tuesday announced that banks will be using indelible ink , similar to the one used in elections , to deter unscrupulous people from making multiple visits to cash counters in a day .
While announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit or exchange them in banks till December 30 .
The misery of artisans like Hakak ended when Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 .
Demonetisation , doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent India that shook the entire nation , was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister Modi had claimed India would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the Demonetisation on November 8 , a decision that sucked out 86 of the currency notes in circulation and left millions lining up at banks and ATMs for cash .
Referring to his November 8 announcement cancelling the legal tender status of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Modi said the government had not done it all of a sudden .
Ever since prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , there has been talks of a new denomination of currency possibly being introduced .
Meanwhile , the government has set up a special task force headed by deputy governor of RBI to expedite the process of Re-Calibrating the ATMs to make them fully functional , which will work with different banks in this direction .
In Delhi , economic affairs secretary Das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan accounts as , in many cases , such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of high denomination banknotes on November 8 .
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks , Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced on November 8 last year the governments decision to scrap RS 500 and RS 1000 bank notes , in a move aimed at tackling black money .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 last year under which the old RS 500 and RS 1000 note were rendered illegal tender .
In his November 8 speech announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-Rupee notes in their bank accounts till March 31 .
In a few months , RS 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market , said economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the economic editors conference .
In a surprise move on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
It was this deposit made three days after Prime Minister Modi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-Rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities , who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the November 8 Demonetisation announcement .
In the last about five weeks , the lower denomination notes of RS 100 , RS 50 , RS 20 and RS 10 have been supplied three times more than their normal yearly supply .
To enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , the existing limit of RS 4,500 will be reduced to RS 2,000 with effect from tomorrow , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters .
Data showed black money holders started Couriering cash just two days after Prime Minister Modi announced the invalidation of the higher denominations .
Speaking on `` Indian economy : the new normal '' in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time , such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it .
Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday night announced the surprise Demonetisation of higher denomination notes .
Finance Ministry , RBI and enforcement agencies are working in tandem so that situation eases out .
An MP recalled that last year when Urjit Patel faced angry members over Demonetisation , former prime minister Manmohansingh told Patel that he can skip answers to questions he considers uncomfortable .
The Supreme Court on Thursday said that the centre should adhere to its notification allowing withdrawal of RS 24,000 per week from bank accounts after Demonetisation of high-value currency notes .
Rohatgi said there were approximately one lakh branches of various banks and two lakh ATMs besides the post offices across the country to dispense cash to common people and the restriction on withdrawal is there to ensure that the money be paid to maximum number of people .
Among other measures , it has allowed up to RS 2.5 lakh cash withdrawal from bank account of a bride or groom or their parents for a marriage during the ongoing wedding season '' .
Asked about recalibration of ATMs and banks , Meghwal said out of total 2.18 lakh ATMs across the country , around 1.98 lakh have been recalibrated as on January 4 , 2017 .
Giving details of the high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi late last night , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was decided to activate all channels for dispensing cash .
This landmark move is being hailed as the biggest currency conversion in the world both in terms of value and quantity .
Addressing the media in New Delhi about prime ministers last night meeting to review the Demonetisation and its impact , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said the ATM re-calibration has started and some of the ATMs will start dispensing higher denominations , including 2000 rupee notes , from today or tomorrow .
Besides , the religious organisation or temple trust are encouraged to deposit smaller denomination of notes which usually come to them , he said , adding that it will help increase supply of lower denomination currency into the market .
New Delhi : advocating for cashless transactions , the prime minister Modi has said that the large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
To combat evils of black money , corruption , counterfeit currency and terror financing , Pranabmukherjee said the government took the decision on November 8 to Demonetise old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes .
Mangaluru : December 8 , 2016 , Dhns 0:09 Ista month after Demonetisation , getting change a problem for Citizensit will be one month on Thursday since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at ATMs has been increased to RS 2,500 per day by the RBI .
There will be no charge on use of debit Cardsthe move will help in greater penetration of digital transactions into our economy and hope that more and more people will move to digital transactions , said Das .
Its been just over a month since prime minister Modi announced that RS 14 lakh crore worth of RS 500 and RS 1,000 denomination notes will be taken out of circulation , in a surprise move to unearth piles of illicit cash hoarded by the citizens via tax Non-Compliance/Evasion , corruption , criminal activities etc .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
Rohatgi told the court that black money Destabilises economy and the country .
We can 'Clean ' India : Modimumbai , Nov 20 , 2016 , Dhns 1:09 Istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time , Prime Minister Modi said on Saturday night , sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the Mega-Drive against black money and corruption .
Admitting that the Demonetisation drive has caused some short-term pains to the public , Modi said this will bring in benefits in the long-term .
Lucknow : in a message to those criticising note ban , Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said they should show patience for the 50-day period as the decision has been taken keeping national interest in mind and the situation will normalise after that .
Modi said his drive against black money had caused consternation among his enemies and made them come on a common platform .
Collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how Demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups , Rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural 51st post-independence Dgps/Igps Conference-2016 at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel national police academy in Hyderabad on Friday .
Watch Videoaddressing a press conference today , Das announced that families celebrating weddings can withdraw cash up to RS 2.5 lakh per wedding .
In the coming few months , RS 1,000 notes will be brought in with a new design , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 last year had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Thursday , putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money .
There were 17,165 million pieces of RS 500 notes and 6,858 million pieces of RS 1,000 notes in circulation on November 8 , 2016 , the day prime minister Modi announced Demonetising the two high denomination notes .
If the money is legitimate which had been previously withdrawn from bank or earned legally and saved and had been disclosed , there is nothing to worry about , '' he told DD .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Jaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies '' .
We explained to him about the critical issue going on in the country ( after Demonetisation ) , Mamatabanerjee said after meeting the president .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
The government believes that this decision has been welcomed everywhere .
Lauding prime minister Narendra Modi for his decisiveness , Arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister ( Manmohan Singh ) , Modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to Demonetisation , surgical strike against Pakistan and the goods and services tax ( GST ) .
New Delhi : the withdrawal limit of savings bank account of RS 24,000 per week will soon go , and the government is in discussions with the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to issue Lower-Denomination notes , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said here on Friday .
Stating that none of the objectives mentioned by the centre for note ban have been achieved , Modi said campaign would expose the real motive behind Demonetisation scheme .
New Delhi : advocating cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said large volumes of liquid cash are a big source of corruption and black money .
Those who did not consider the generation of so much black money and scams during their regime as blunder are now finding the crusade against black money as blunder , Arunjaitley said .
It has come to notice of the government that in many places the same people are coming back again and again and we have also received reports that certain unscrupulous elements who are trying to convert black money into white have organised groups of innocent people and are sending them from one branch to another branch to exchange notes and get RS 4500 , '' economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters '' .
A task force has also been set up that will draw a plan of action for shifting of the old notes and storing of the old notes in other place so that banks and post offices continue to get new notes .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time , such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it .
On November 8 , Modi announced scrapping of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes as part of the combat against the menace of black money , corruption and terror funding .
In a few months , RS 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said while addressing the economic editor 's conference in New Delhi on Thursday .
96 lakh in Malda district since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 2016 culling 86 of the currency in circulation on November 8 last year .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said that the government will step up printing of RS 500 notes by five times in order to meet an unusual spurt in demand for cash .
New Delhi : the Reserve Bank was fully prepared to deal with currency shortages post Demonetisation and has enough currency in its chests to last far beyond December 30 , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
All restrictions have been removed except on savings bank account of RS 24,000 per week .
Mangaluru : December 8 , 2016 , Dhns 0:09 Ista month after Demonetisation , getting change a problem for Citizensit will be one month on Thursday since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes and the cash withdrawal limit at ATMs has been increased to RS 2,500 per day by the RBI .
Indian prime minister Modi on November 8 had announced the Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes .
To further bolster the cashless transactions , Arunjaitley said that Sidbi will refinance merchants and businesses based on transaction history .
In his November 8 speech announcing the Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had said people could deposit their old 500 and 1,000-Rupee notes in their bank accounts till March 31 .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by chief justice of India TS Thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the Demonetisation issue .
Of these , 21,000 ATMs were functional and the rest are Cdms , SBI chairman Arundhatibhattacharya said .
To solve this problem we have decided to use indelible ink marks , similar to the one used in elections , at cash counters , Das said .
While announcing the Demonetising the RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had asked holders of such notes to deposit them in banks .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
To enable larger number of people to get benefit of over-the-counter exchange of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , the existing limit of RS 4,500 will be reduced to RS 2,000 with effect from tomorrow , '' economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters .
Jaitley and his team of officers in the finance ministry had their task cut out , especially after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of 50 days on November 8 , 2016 .
The government and opposition parties were Thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister Arun Jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend Demonetisation while Congress president Rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1 .
Taking up four Pils filed against the controversial scheme , which has caused massive upheavals across the nation , the apex court asked the union government as to what further steps it is exploring and considering to address the inconveniences caused to people .
Prime Minister Modi tonight announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with effect from midnight , making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , the centre in a bid to encourage customers to go cashless , had instructed the oil companies to give a discount of 0 .
Prime Minister Modi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinets approval .
The bench led by chief justice of India T s Thakur was hearing a bunch of petitions challenging the Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Speaking on `` Indian economy : the new normal '' in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Prime Minister Narendramodi , on November 29 last year , had asked BJP MPs and Mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between November 8 , the day he announced Demonetisation , and December 31 to party chief Amit Shah on January 1 .
Thomas said the PAC has asked Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) to come out with the exact number of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes which were Demonetised and deposited with banks after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the move on November 8 .
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and media people .
The defunct currency ( file photo ) the defunct currency ( file photo ) the Supreme Court on Friday said that it will on December 2 hear all pleas including the transfer petition filed by the centre on the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1000 currency notes .
Considering the cash availability , ( for ) the business entity having current account for past three months , the limit has been increased to RS 50,000 per week to pay wages and meet sundry expenses , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said .
As part of the operation clean money launched on January 31 , 2017 , Arunjaitley said the I-T department would leverage technology and data analysis for E-Verification of cash deposits made during the Demonetisation period .
Modi said that global universities would come to do research on results of the digital transaction programme .
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi told the apex court bench headed by chief justice of India TS Thakur that he had placed the affidavit on record in connection with the Demonetisation issue .
In a separate reply , when asked how much old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes ( Sbns ) were Deposited/Exchanged upon being De-Legalised , Meghwal said specified bank notes ( Sbns ) worth RS 12.44 lakh crore were returned to currency chests of RBI by December 10 , 2016 .
Atm limit has also been increased to 2,500 rupees , however it will be disbursed only by the re-calibrated Atms.Saying that there is no need for public to panic , Das assured that there is enough cash available in the system and situation will ease in coming days .
Many Jan Dhan accounts are reportedly getting deposits of RS 49,000 , against the limit of RS 50,000 .
It is people 's mandate for the prime minister 's decision of Demonetisation , Sonowal told reporters .
Months before prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
A Mysore company , the only recognised producer of indelible ink or voters ink in India , is scrambling to ramp up production on a war footing after the centre Tuesday asked banks to start tagging those exchanging old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes to prevent unscrupulous elements from sending people to exchange money multiple times at different branches .
Sharma said prime minister Modi , during BJP 's poll campaign , had claimed that black money was to the tune of RS 85 lakh crore .
The beneficiaries would be able to get cash through banks , ATMs and even mobile banking when the projects take off .
Notebandi ( Demonetisation ) , prohibition and goods and services tax ( GST ) were very courageous steps , but many times I feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than Demonetisation , deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said at De-Addiction day celebrations in Patna in the presence of Nitish and prohibition , excise and registration minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav .
Das said the currency notes continued to be airlifted to Non-Metro cities and rural areas .
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation , '' said Jaitley '' .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced the Demonetisation , effective that midnight , of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes .
The withdrawal limit from ATMs has been increased to RS . 2,500 but this will apply only to the recalibrated ATMs , Mr. Das said .
Trinamool MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy said Wednesday marked the 90th day since Modi announced the Demonetisation decision .
While acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post December 30 , Jaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before November 8 , when Prime Minister Modi announced the so-called Demonetisation .
5 ( PTI ) : underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked G20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders , unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt .
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places .
The currency notes of lower denomination of RS 100 and RS 50 will continue to be the legal tender , he said , adding the Reserve Bank will come out with new series of such notes with new design and added security features .
After prime minister Modi announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 , 2016 , there was a liquidity squeeze in the market and the demand for jewellery went down by around 80 per cent .
The arrangements made by the banks were poor , said Naidu , a tea shop owner from Akkayyapalem , after exchanging RS 500 notes to get a new RS 2,000 note .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax .
A day after Prime Minister Modi announced ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes to tackle corruption and black money , the government had on November 9 said no toll fee would be collected on national highways till November 11 mid-night .
Minister of state for finance Arjun RAM Meghwal told the Rajya Sabha that RS 15.44 lakh crore in high-value notes were in circulation when the prime minister announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 .
Prime Minister Modi announced about the Demonetisation in his address to the nation at 8 PM on the same day after cabinet 's approval .
Jaitley told Yadav that the government was ready for discussion on both Demonetisation and terror attacks .
96 lakh in Malda district since prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 2016 culling 86 of the currency in circulation on November 8 last year .
During an emotional address to the people in GOA , Prime Minister Modi said he left his family and home to serve the nation and added that he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies .
On Demonetisation and the GST implementations , Gandhi claimed that people have confusion about these .
This is the Demonetisation period and compared to November , December was more challenging for the reason that in many areas old currency was allowed to operate , Arunjaitley told CNBC Tv18 in an interview .
After prime minister Modi announced the withdrawal of old currency notes of RS 1,000 and RS 500 on November 8 , 2016 , ATMs across the country had to be recalibrated to fit new notes of RS 2,000 and RS 500 .
With the existing RBI norms allowing only RS 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and RS 1 lakh from current account , it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning , from January 21 ( when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations ) to February 2 ( the last date for electioneering ) , he wrote in the letter .
The government applied fresh curbs on over the counter exchange of old RS 500 , RS 1000 notes on Thursday , by reducing the limit from RS 4,500 to RS 2,000 .
Prime Minister Modi had announced on November 8 , 2016 that RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes , which constituted about 86 per cent of total currency in circulation , will cease to be legal tender .
When prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation , he had said the new year would see new India .
New Delhi , Nov 15 , 2016 , ( PTI ) : 18:21 Ista small mark of indelible ink , used mostly during elections to prevent multiple voting , will be put on the right hand finger of those exchanging banned 500 and 1,000 rupee notes for new ones from tomorrow to prevent crowding at banks by repeat exchangers .
The Pmos directions came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in November-December 2016 , soon after Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of High-Denomination notes .
The centre in its affidavit told the apex court that Demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions , adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy .
Rohatgi told the bench that various petitions have been filed challenging the Demonetisation move before different high courts across the country and these matters should be transferred to the apex court or one of the high courts .
The emphasis will be on providing lower denomination notes .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation move on November 8 .
The government also has plans to introduce RS 100 and RS 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features .
The new notes come loaded with enhanced security features , besides having peculiar colour , theme and size which differentiate the new bills from the earlier series .
Many ATMs have not been dispensing money since four days and the others run out of cash in no time , said Kumarravi who was waiting for money at the ICICI bank , Akkayyapalem .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi in a televised address to the nation had announced Demonetisation of the old high-value currency value notes .
The decision to ban cash transactions beyond a threshold is based on the recommendation of the special investigation team on black money that was set up by the Supreme Court , Arunjaitley said while presenting union budget 2017-18 in parliament .
However , he clarified that the higher cash withdrawal limit of RS 2,500 is only for recalibrated Atms.Additionally , a large number of Micro-Atms will be deployed to help people withdraw cash through debit cards .
Das said , Jan-Dhan account holders should not allow other people to use their accounts to convert their black money into white .
While acknowledging that the cash crunch would only ease post December 30 , Arunjaitley said that the amount of cash to be issued in the form of new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes would not be the same as the amount circulating before November 8 , when Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the so-called Demonetisation .
New Delhi : all automatic teller machines ( ATMs ) will be re-calibrated in the next few days to ease the flow of currency notes and to reduce the inconvenience faced by the public , says the economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das .
Modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of Bhim app , a digital payment application , by educating the masses about it and helping them download it .
In a few months , RS 1,000 notes with new features will be brought into the market , '' said economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das while addressing the economic editor 's conference here today .
For the urban population , Das said recalibration of ATMs has already started and they will start dispensing the new RS 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow .
Prime Minister Modi , in a sudden address to the nation on Tuesday , announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 denomination notes are being withdrawn from midnight and will now become mere paper .
Answering questions as to why the RBI has not yet come out with the amount of scrapped notes deposited with the banks , Jaitley said they were computing and will not hurriedly give the numbers as it concerns their reputation .
The government should Regularise ATMs so that banks are made to store maximum cash in the machines , Jain said .
The Department of financial services is collecting details about money in ATMs . there might be a few operational issues in some locations I get report on a daily basis we are monitoring it so that these kinds of situations do not arise .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced the junking of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes and replaced the currency with new RS 2,000 and RS 500 notes .
2 crore have been seized across the country since prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 .
Demonetisation to push digital economy , says Nilekaninew Delhi , Nov 28 , 2016 , PTI : 22:21 Istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country , although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks , former UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said today .
In respect of private banks , Arunjaitley said : Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) has informed that 11 employees have been placed under suspension where bank employees have been found involved in irregular exchange of transaction of specified bank note ( SBN ) during the phase of Demonetisation .
New Delhi : dispelling rumours that finance minister Arun Jaitley was unaware of Demonetisation , power minister Piyushgoyal today said he knew it and kept it as secret despite being very friendly and open .
New Delhi , June 11 : prime minister Modi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and University-Farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise .
Beyond that as the central government , I have nothing to say , Arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will intervene on the issue of farm loan waivers and related protests .
On a days visit to Odisha to participate in Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by BJP to celebrate completion of three years by Narendra Modi government at the centre , Naidu said waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual state .
Methods like per drop , more crop of irrigation are vital and have helped farmers immensely , Modi said .
( source : express photo by Rana Simranjit Singh ) Punjab chief minister park on Saturday said people need to understand that the state government does have its limitations when dealing with certain issues , particularly those related to farmers .
Government ready to include Ragi , Jowar under Pdsbangalore , July 10 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:52 Istthe state government is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Wednesday .
Farmers belonging to schedule castes , schedule tribes will continue to get reservations in accordance with constitutional provisions .
He said while Punjab was giving waiver of RS 2 lakh , the Maharashtra government had announced loan waiver of RS 1.5 lakh , Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh RS 1 lakh each whereas Rajasthan and Karnataka government had announce waiver of RS 50,000 each .
On a day 's visit to participate in the Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by the BJP to mark three years of the Narendra Modi government at the centre , RAM said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states .
While enlisting the measures taken by his government for the welfare of the farmers , a combative Modi told the gathering , you would have seen in the recent past , there is attack on me all the time .
Replying to a query on union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singhs statement that love affairs were the cause of farmer suicides , Naidu said , I have gone through the statement .
We have to understand the problems farmers are facing , said Modi .
Ahead of the summit , Prime Minister Modi has said that India 's areas of focus in Africa will continue to be human resource development , institution building , infrastructure , clean energy , agriculture , health , education and skill development .
Speaking after laying the foundation stone for the helicopter manufacturing facility of the Hindustan aeronautics limited at Bidarehalla Kaval in Gubbi Taluk of Tumakuru district on Sunday , Modi said that the country had achieved self-sufficiency in food production due to hard work of farmers and it was now time to become self sufficient in meeting defence needs .
Successive crop failure and expenditure on health , marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said during question hour .
New Delhi : vice-president Naidu expressed his happiness at 15 farmers being recognised with Padma awards announced on the eve of republic day saluting the efforts of these farmers in a series of tweets on Saturday , Naidu said , extremely delighted and happy that for the first time in India , 15 outstanding individuals who have done exceptional work in the field of agriculture and allied services are recognised , respected and honoured with Padma awards .
Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters that the MPs were very enthusiastic about the budget as it will empower villages , farmers and youth .
Delivering the 38th edition of his 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Prime Minister Modi said , can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022 ?
Expressing the need to strengthen agriculture , Modi said India was fast losing its identity as an agricultural nation .
At a meeting held with senior bureaucrats , Fadnavis said Maharashtra would have to rise to the challenge posed by natural calamity , that has adversely hit 90 lakh farmers .
For economic development of the contry , there should be three pillars agriculture , industry and service sector , Modi said .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Friday said Bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector .
Whatever time is left , Modiji talks about himself , as he has run out of the issues to talk about , said Gandhi , asking the PM to devote two minutes for farmers and people of Gujarat .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee announced this on Tuesday while speaking at a programme in Kolkata , which was organised to Felicitate farmers for their contribution in agriculture .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday said the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) was prepared for mid-term polls in the state , remarks that come as both friends and foes have sought to corner his government on the issue of Farm-Loan waiver .
I myself being a son of a farmer , I Empathise with you , Siddaramaiah said , while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be Weakenedby distress .
We should have sustainable agricultural production and work towards removing regional imbalances , said Modi .
Lucknow : chief minister Yogiadityanath on Monday announced that the Uttar Pradesh government would not impose any new tax on public in the ongoing financial year , despite financial burden of farmer loan waiver and plan to expedite other infrastructure projects .
( source : Ani ) Mandsaur farmers protest : Union minister Naidu said that Madhya Pradesh is an island of calm , while urging Congress to not Politicise the issue .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , RAM said .
Replying to queries from the media on Tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation , chief minister Siddaramaiah in Kolar said , I have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as I was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work on Monday .
We told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it , Naidu said and sat back , while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former .
Instead of joining the journey of the States development , they continue to spread lies , Modi said while addressing farmers at the launch of 9th Krishi Mahotsav 2013 in Radhanpur , Patan district .
Underlining the vision of doubling the income of farmers by 2022 , the 75th independence of the country , Modi said , from this land of Uttar Pradesh , I urge all the states to give priority to agriculture and then see the changes .
Siddaramaiah said , agriculture , industry and service sectors are the major contributors to the GDP .
The cultivation of vegetables has now become an attractive work , said park , who also cultivates flowers in small beds on his agriculture land and had also received a district-level award in 2013-14 for the same .
Praising the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) government under Raman Singh in the state , Modi said it had ensured soil health cards for 75 lakh farmers , adding in a sarcastic vein that the Congress had failed to provide health cards to humans .
Central team to be sent to Karnataka to assess drought : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 24 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 19:18 Ista central team is being sent to Karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there , Prime Minister Narendramodi told an All-Party delegation from the state led by chief minister Siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues .
Stating that five teams of BJP leaders are visiting Drought-Hit Taluks to assess the ground reality , Kumarravi said that a report would be submitted to the union government on prevailing condition in the state .
On Tuesday , chief minister RAM had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work .
Taking note of the escalating violence , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced that he would observe an indefinite fast at the Bhel Dussehra Maidan in Bhopal from 11 am on Saturday to bring farmer leaders to the table for peaceful negotiations .
By Iansjaipur : the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the Congress will do it if comes to power after the Lok Sabha polls , Congress president Gandhi said at a farmers ' outreach here on Wednesday .
However , a complete loan waiver in Maharashtra would require RS 24,000 crore , sources indicated .
We told farmers what we could do in five years and we did it , RAM said and sat back , while the chief minister was found laughing at the reaction of the former .
2.48Pm : the food we eat is all due to the efforts of our farmers and their families , not rich businessmen .
On the moves to amend the land acquisition act passed in 2013 during the upa rule , Modi again said rumours were being circulated that compensation to farmers is being reduced .
The country has about 12-14 crore farmers .
No Objectionearlier , agriculture minister RAM said his department had no objection to the proposal to supply Ragi and Jowar through the PDS .
He also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on LPG , kerosene and fertilizers with Aadhaar number holders .
Our special Correspondentpatna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi on Friday said Bihar was bound to script a revolution in the agriculture sector .
In your idea , money does not grow on trees , but in our idea money is grown by farmers in their fields , Modi said .
Gandhi said no one could silence the voice of farmers .
Following this , Devendrafadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared .
( express archive ) skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors , including agriculture and industries , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Friday interacting with ITI students .
This is my assurance to you ( farmers ) , Amarindersingh said .
Drought management was a challenge that my government faced with .
Modi , then the Bjps PM face , had held discussions at Dabhadi with farmers at Chai PE Charcha , an interactive event that was part of the Bjps campaign .
It will create new job opportunities , help economic growth and support the farmers income generation , Modi said .
The Dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of Karnataka , RAM told reporters on the occasion .
Pti file Photoa day after data showed Indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing , finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said Demonetisation did not see a 2 dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended .
Addressing 2,279 SMS at a workshop on agriculture expansion and rebirth for them , Nitishkumar said the state was continuously experiencing climate changes .
To make Karnataka a beacon of hope for farmers all across India , he said .
He ( Badal ) is the living legend who stood up and fought for the interests of farmers throughout his life , Modi said .
The farmers main demand was rights over forest land , and Fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months .
Stating that he was himself a son of a farmer , RAM said his government would make farmer welfare its priority .
( source : Ani/Twitter ) Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said on Friday he will sit on a fast .
The animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said at a press conference , adding , this is the only effect of the notification .
Watch what else is making Newsinitiatives in the field of health , skill development , infrastructure and agriculture were undertaken in these five villages , Manoharlalkhattar said .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the PM crop insurance scheme , the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana , in 2015 .
Notwithstanding the causes that lead to such incidents , my government is determined to make farmers self-reliant through drastic policy changes in coming years .
Taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition , Manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the Syl canal , GST and the issues of farmers .
When asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation , Siddaramaiah said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said that he has directed the cops to release farmers .
There are 25,000 villages , out of the total 40,000 villages in Maharashtra , which are drought hit .
Though the house has already discussed the issue of unseasonal rains and hailstorm destroying standing crops , the government was ready to have another debate on the plight of the farmers , RAM said .
In Mandya alone , authorities have registered more than fifty cases , and have seized about 1,000 documents , said Siddaramaiah , who is on a visit to Mandya and Mysore districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide .
Reviewing the situation , chief minister Naveenpatnaik asked the agriculture and allied departments to prepare a contingency plan and get prepared for any eventuality .
( PTI file photo , file ) Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : Union minister Naidu told the Congress not to Politicise the issue .
As per the constitutional allocation of powers , the central government has no jurisdiction to impose tax on agricultural income , Arunjaitley said in a statement .
Prime Minister Modi had recently said the new Uttar Pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state .
Briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state , RAM said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes , but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes .
The animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said , adding that this is the only effect of the notification .
On his way to Haveri , Siddaramaiah told Mediapersons at the airport here on Thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector , while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks .
Agriculture and policy expert Devinder RAM said that difficulty in getting claims and a lower amount of claims made in many cases are some of the main reasons behind the reduction in the number of beneficiaries .
Agriculture joint director g RAM said that paddy crops in 600 hectares had been inundated in the Ichchapruam region including Kaviti and Kanchili Mandals .
Us Sey Unka Bhi Fayeda Hoga ( it is a political advice for Arun Jaitley for his own good ) , Rahul said adding that such a budget would help farmers knows how much government has set aside for flood , drought , or to assist him with grains , vegetables .
Congmen to tour Drought-Hit areas on Sept 3Bangalore : , Aug 27 , 2012 , Dhns : 23:52 Istcongress leaders will tour Drought-Hit regions in the state between September 3 and 10 to assess the situation , said Karnataka Pradesh Congress committee ( Kpcc ) president g RAM on Monday .
About the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers , Siddaramaiah said government is planning to constitute an expert committee .
Continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes , Prime Minister Modi today said he will on June 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector .
Commenting on the stalemate in parliament , finance minister Arunjaitley said yesterday that there were many issues like floods and agricultural issues which Rajya Sabha members wanted to raise .
Compensation to farmers after joint survey report : Cmapril 18 , 2015 , Gangavati ( Koppal Dist ) , Dhns 2:32 Istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the Hyderabad-Karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Friday .
20Pm : Modi says that the five aspects of Congress rule are dynasty politics , corruption , rampant lawlessness , agrarian distress and division of society .
In a letter to the PM , Amarindersingh said the total farm debt in Punjab is more than RS 80,000 crore , including the crop loans of RS 12,500 in the cooperative sector .
To send a message to farmers , who are in the habit of raising loans , RAM said , barring my father , who had obtained loan once from a Pld bank , nobody in our undivided family has availed loans .
In a letter to union environment minister Jairam Ramesh , Nitishkumar said : the social acceptability of BT crops in the farming community continues to be an issue .
Apcthe proposed agriculture price Commission ( APC ) was before the cabinet subcommittee , RAM said .
Yavatmal reports the highest number of farmer suicides in the country .
Recently , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 Talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year , which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought .
If rains continue for the next few hours , our fields will be submerged completely , said R Naidu , a farmer from ln PETA Mandal .
Central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on November 7 and 8 , Siddaramaiah said .
No cabinet rejig before drought review : Cmmysuru : April 23 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istchief minister RAM has said that the cabinet would be reshuffled only after the review of drought situation in the state .
About 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth RS 42,000Cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth Rs10,500Cr through co-operative banks in the state , RAM said .
Badal said that the massive hike in the cost of agricultural inputs coupled with the Non-Remunerative MSP has broken the backbone of the farmers due to which there was dire need for adopting crop diversification in state .
Fadnavis said , even if a single farmer is driven to end his life it is extremely painful and not acceptable in a state like Maharashtra .
Swaraj Abhiyan copying our Moveson being asked whether Yogendra Yadav-Led Swaraj Abhiyan has stolen the March over AAP by planning to file a petition in the Supreme Court regarding farmer suicide in the region , Sucha Singh said certain political parties were merely following their steps in order to address the suicide issue .
Instead of waiting for the unions move to waive off farm loans , RAM should announce the States decision .
Cm Devendrafadnavis , unfazed by the criticism , said depletion of groundwater level is bound to happen in a year when the state was staring at a drought .
Read | not going back to ballot paper : chief election Commissionerraking up the Rafale deal which he alleges to be the India 's biggest defence scam , Gandhi also said that agrarian crisis , unemployment and the attacks on democratic institutions along with Modi 's corruption in the jets deal will be the core issues in the upcoming Lok Sabha polls .
This is my assurance to you ( farmers ) , Amarinder said .
B M Mallikarjuna Babu , assistant director of the horticulture department , said farmers should mix 2 mL of Quinolphos to one litre of water , before sprinkling the mixture to the trees .
Farmers will be able to sell their produce directly to factories .
With over 100 farmers committing suicide in Karnataka for the past one month due to agriculture-related crises , we want to know what steps the Congress-Ruled state has taken to mitigate the problem , RAM told Deccan Herald .
Talking to toi from Yavatmal after a crop review meeting , Tiwari said PSU banks have reached barely 7 % of their crop loan target in the district .
Confirming the date of the meeting , chief secretary Nagar also said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on Monday .
When asked about the Bjps stand on Mahadayi and the farmers protests against his party on the issue , Mr. Shah said : if the BJP assumes power after the assembly polls , the new government will find a workable solution .
According to the Department of agriculture , the state has registered 600 cases of farmer suicides between January and April 2014 .
Later , at a party event at which former Vice-Chancellor of the University of agricultural sciences , Dr R Dwarkeenath , was feted , Siddaramaiah said he and Modi were poles apart .
Siddaramaiah said previously 100 or 200 farmers would commit suicide a year and 48 such incidents were reported during 2014-15 but the incidence saw a rise since June .
Chief minister RAM reportedly said on Wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death .
Talking about the condition of agriculture in Punjab , he said the traditional crops were not beneficial because the input cost was higher than output .
The low water level has also impacted the agriculture operation under the command area , RAM said .
The loan waiver will affect government-owned and cooperative banks .
On his way to Haveri , RAM told Mediapersons at the airport here on Thursday that only 20 per cent of farmers have borrowed from cooperative sector , while 80 per cent of loans are from the nationalised banks .
K RAM RAM , deputy station manager , Tuggali railway station , says , out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day , 200 to 300 are farmers and Coolies migrating for work .
No differences between Cong , JD ( s ) : DY Cmtaking a cue from Kerala , the CM said he would ask small and marginal farmers to submit documents related to their debts to the deputy commissioners in their districts .
Naidu , who also discussed the issue with agriculture minister Radhamohan Singh , said tobacco and Arecanut are two important cash crops in the country and in many parts , the livelihood of farmers depend on them .
Ryot leader Sunanda RAM said farmers in Mandya district are suffering due to severe drought and there is no sufficient water in the KRS dam .
Bengaluru : , SEP 12 , 2015 , Dhns : 1:27 Istkarnataka has sought an additional RS 800 crore from the centre under the national and state disaster response Fundndrf and Sdrfas the drought situation has worsened , said chief minister Siddaramaiah on Friday .
Siddaramaiah said 139 Taluks in the state have been suffering from drought and the loss is estimated at RS 16,000 crore .
Responding to a question from s R Vishwanath ( BJP ) , RAM said farmers , from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project , would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites .
The schemes announced on Friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers , PM Narendramodi claimed .
Answering a query regarding financial package , Badal said the state had demanded outstanding debt waiver and refund of RS 2,694 crore paid as interest on special term loan amounting to RS 5,800 crore by the state for fighting militancy .
The Punjab chief minister demanded Radha Mohan Singhs resignation saying that he did not connect with the farmers woes .
Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Wednesday the Maharashtra government will study the Uttar Pradesh model of farm loan waiver , amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the States distressed farmers .
New Delhi , Feb 7,2012 , Dhns : 21:46 Istslow progress in manufacturing and agriculture is the Reasona concerned finance minister Pranabmukherjee said the trend is disappointing and more focus is needed on reaching higher growth trajectory and keeping inflation at a moderate level .
Siddaramaiah said an auction system for agricultural markets would also be introduced on the mobile one .
Agri credit raised to record RS 10 lakh CR in Fy18New Delhi , Feb 1 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 12:19 Istin a major thrust to agriculture , finance minister Arunjaitley today announced a whopping RS 1 lakh crore hike in the credit target for the next fiscal to RS 10 lakh crore as part of the government 's efforts to double farm incomes in the next five years .
In his address broadcast through air stations across the state , RAM said 70 farmers had committed suicide since June which was a matter of concern and the Suddenrise had remained an enigma to the government itself .
I am ecstatic that there would be no Levy of GST on services rendered by government , Reserve Bank of India , public conveniences , educational institution , services relating to agriculture , transmission or distribution of electricity , renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence , burial , healthcare , specified schemes of general insurance etc , Mohan said .
( express Photo/Janak Rathod ) agitating farmers called off their stir on Monday after Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers .
Siddaramaiah told reporters after reviewing the drought situation and relief works in Belagavi district at Suvarna Vidhana Soudha on Monday that once the drought eases , he would visit Delhi to get a green signal for the expansion from the party high command .
The schemes announced on Friday will have impact on at least 12 crore families of small farmers , PM Modi claimed .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said his government was open to suggestions from political parties on ways to stop the spate of farmer suicides in the country .
During his 30-minute broadcast , Modi said concern over drought is natural as prolonged drought leads to a drop in water table in reservoirs .
Farmers are being forced to die miserable deaths , Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi said on Thursday in a region which often hits the headlines for farmer suicides .
4:50 PM : home minister Rajnathsingh said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man .
It is , however , essential that cold chain is maintained after treatment of the fruit , said Dr Rajeshkumar , assistant director , Department of agriculture , Bihar .
Association president RAM said , Wallajah lake , which is under Pwds control , receives water from Neyveli mines and villages in this area use the lake water for drinking and agricultural purposes .
Liquidity is very important for farmers so that they continue to invest in their agriculture and grow healthy crop , Nagar said .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis had announced the Drought-Like situation last week in 180 of 355 Talukas of the state .
The price started reducing drastically from the first week of December and it has come down to RS 100 , said K RAM , a farmer in Sathyamangalam .
Admitting that it was not enough , Amarindersingh said total farm loan was RS 60,000 crore and Punjab can not pay this much .
When farmers talk about loan waiver , ( finance minister ) Arunjaitley says the centre does not have any policy for it .
Uttar Pradesh , Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and Maharashtra will have to follow the same , RAM told reporters .
But during his recent visit to the state , he did not find time to visit the families of farmers who have committed suicide , Naidu told reporters in Bengaluru .
Let centre also waive farm loans , cm Sayshubballi , Oct 02 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:35 Ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks , chief minister Siddaramaiah asked BJP leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks , or , at least the interest .
Addressing a public rally in Guwahati , Modi said farmers were crucial to his vision of a new India where no area will remain undeveloped .
In what is being viewed as a groundwork for next years parliamentary elections , Congress president Rahul Gandhi reached out to women , youth and farmers at Nanded in Maharashtras Chandrapur district on Wednesday .
Stating that he was himself a son of a farmer , Siddaramaiah said his government would make farmer welfare its priority .
Confirming the date of the meeting , chief secretary Nagar said that other proposals besides the loan waiver will be finalised on Monday .
The commission set up to ascertain the farm debt quantum and to work out modalities for its waiver was expected to come out with its report soon , to pave the way for total waiver of the farmers loans , to which he was personally committed , Amarindersingh said .
Open for dialogue : Chouhanmadhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Thursday said the state government was open for a dialogue with farmers to iron out the differences .
Agriculture Patna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution .
On farm loans , cm Devendrafadnavis said the centre was positive about Institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share .
After meeting members of Mahadayi and Kalasa-Banduri Horata Samanvaya Samiti , farmers and Kannada organisations agitating for speedy implementation of Kalasa-Banduri and Mahadayi water projects , Siddaramaiah told Mediapersons at the airport here that there is no need for Congress leaders from the state to convince opposition leaders in GOA and Maharashtra .
Modi agenda Gopalganj : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh on Sunday said agenda of Modi government for five years is to strengthen the country and this is possible only when farmers and villages are taken care of .
25Pm : Rahulgandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences .
Pointing out that the rules , if implemented in their letter and spirit , would defeat the very purpose of certain sections of the prevention of cruelty to animals act , RAM said the rules pertaining to the constitution of animal market monitoring committees and animal market committees would disturb a well established structure , which was in accordance with the Karnataka agricultural produce marketing ( regulation ) act .
Waive loans of farmers also , Rahul said in Gorakhpur .
Prime minster Modi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022 , and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the BJP out of power , he added .
Our government has made it clear that no bank will initiate Kurki of farmers property to recover the outstanding debt , Amarindersingh told the house .
( AP photo ) in his Mann Ki Baat on November 26 , Prime Minister Narendramodi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022 .
Urging the members to help the country move forward and help double the farmers ' income by 2020 , Modi said , I am not an economist like Dr Manmohan Singh .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah reportedly said on Wednesday that the farmer had died due to excessive consumption of liquor and that his government was not responsible for the farmers death .
Siddaramaiah said the campuses where these firms have set up were built on agricultural land .
( source : Ani photo ) condemning the violence in Mandsaur district of Madhya Pradesh where farmers are protesting over loan waiver and better price for their produce , home minister Rajnathsingh on Thursday said , the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man .
Questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers , Amarindersingh asked , if a bankrupt state like Punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver , why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme ?
Chief minister RAM recently said the state had suffered a crop loss of RS 25,000 crore .
When asked if the state government would convene a special session to discuss the drought situation , RAM said the subject was discussed at length during the earlier legislature session .
The Congress party will continue to expose the failures of the Modi government , RAM said adding for the Congress party in terms of substance , the greatest damage that Modi has done to Indian agriculture and to Indian farmers is the amendments to the land acquisition law of 2013 and open the doors to land grab .
By September 30 , 2018 , my government will go cashless , Manoharparrikar said while speaking at a seminar organised by Nabard ( National Bank for agriculture and rural development ) at a function here .
A state government release on Sunday describing all who came to see Modi said that national , state and local leaders , young and old , men and women , eunuchs , Jean-Clad urban youth , farmers , Tribals , Maldharis , many in their traditional attire , individually and in groups , each representing their nativity , showed their solidarity with the chief minister on his mission .
On the issue of agricultural debt relief , while his government had already announced a package of RS 8000 crores for over ten lakh small and marginal farming households , there was need for a comprehensive package and assistance from the centre , said Amarindersingh , urging for a one-time debt waiver to help out the farming community .
The state governments have to do nothing but just make a list of all the deserving farmers with full honesty , and send the list to us , said Modi .
When RAM said his traditional occupation was agriculture , the Enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague .
Vishal Srivastav Rahul Gandhi gets a farmer to sign a Kisan Mangpatra in Unnao on Thursday .
Tiwari said the state government has been shaken by the constantly rising of suicides by distressed farmers .
( AP photo ) in his Mann Ki Baat on November 26 , Prime Minister Modi asked farmers to cut urea consumption by half by 2022 .
Gandhi also told the government that if it helped the farmers by extending compensation , it will benefit it politically and not to us .
Central team to be sent to Karnataka to assess drought : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 24 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 19:18 Ista central team is being sent to Karnataka soon to assess the drought situation there , Prime Minister Modi told an All-Party delegation from the state led by chief minister Siddaramaiah which raised the matter along with a number of other issues .
Mla park told reporters that the district was facing its worst drought and drinking water crisis in recent times .
Ba Naidu , a farmer from Anandapuram said , we are forced to buy chicks at 40-47 per unit this year .
( file photo ) farmers protest continued unabated in many parts of Western Madhya Pradesh on Monday even as chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers .
Earlier on Monday , finance minister Arunjaitley had said the centre would not fund for loan waivers for farmers , adding that the States must fund for this on their own expense .
The banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits , Fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee ( Slbc ) , which represents all types of banks , at Sahyadri guesthouse in Mumbai .
But it does not want to give a loan waiver even as this can contain farm suicides , the Congress MLA had said in the house .
Chief minister H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys on Monday said he would announce his plan on farm loan waiver on Wednesday in Bengaluru .
When contacted , Dr RAM said that there was no clear reference to the lands in question in records and they had been converted for Non-Agricultural purposes only after verification of documents .
Modi said he would transform agriculture .
Kishore Tiwari , who heads the state government-appointed Vasantrao Naik Sheti Swavlamban mission and has been sent by the chief minister on a stock-taking mission in Marathwada , on Wednesday said , I spoke to farmers in beed today to find out the problems they are facing .
Fadnavis has said an alternative to the LBT and toll tax was being worked out and would be announced Soonconcerns over environment : the ministry of environment and forest has proposed to shrink the buffer zone around sanctuaries and national parks .
Kerala chief minister Oommenchandy asked the prime minister to allocate funding meant for programmes like 'Beti Bachao Abhiyan ' and 'Jan Dhan Yojana ' to develop the state 's dwindling agriculture productivity .
Govt in no hurry to declare Taluks Drought-Hitkolar , August 8 , 2013 , Dhns : 0:35 Istagriculture minister RAM announced on Thursday that the list of Drought-Hit Taluks in the state would be put once the rainy season ends .
Referring to his visit last week to Madhya Pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing , Rahulgandhi said , when I asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state , they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders .
Talking about the role of the agriculture , Naidu said a huge population of the country is engaged in the sector .
On the farm loan waiver issue , Gandhi said , when they were in government they waived RS 70,000 crore in loan waiver and recalled the BJP MPs criticism against the same .
When the members pressed for waiving of farm loans , RAM said farmers have availed RS 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and RS 35,000 crore from commercial banks .
Recalling his visit to Madhya Pradesh more than a decade ago , Yogiadityanath said it was a backward state that was the weakest in agriculture production and had bad roads .
When asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers , Siddaramaiah said he would do that after visiting Drought-Affected parts of Karnataka .
The cm said the cost of extending the loan waiver to 31 lakh farmers is RS 30,500 crore and if the government decided to bear it , that would mean depriving other sections of society from their social schemes .
In all the other rallies , Gandhi said employment among youth and financial crisis among farmers were the two biggest challenges before the state and the country .
Reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans , chief minister H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys on Sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so .
The target for agricultural credit in 2017-18 has been fixed at a record level of RS 10 lakh crore , Arunjaitley said in his budget speech .
Later interacting with the villagers of Munak in Karnal district , Manoharlalkhattar said the responsibility for implementing the Swaminathan commission report rested with former chief minister Hooda , who was then chairman of the working group of chief ministers on agriculture production , set up on agriculture .
My speech was good but I got no response ( from the government ) , Gandhi told reporters as he exited parliament after speaking on the agrarian crisis that was pending from the first phase of the budget session .
Farm loan Waiveron the RS . 53,000 crore farm loan waiver , which his party had announced in its manifesto , Mr. H.D.Kumaraswamys said , now , I can not take individual decision since we are in an alliance .
On Tuesday , chief minister Siddaramaiah had said he had not seen the file sent by the governors office as he was in Ballari to monitor drought relief work .
Experience has shown that price shocks in items under the act have been minimal , says RAM , director of the National centre for agricultural economics and policy research .
The requirement of funds for the infrastructure , agriculture , horticulture , animal husbandry , women and child development , health and education sectors in the region is RS 16,000 crore , RAM said .
Puliyur a Nagar , president of TMC farmers wing , said , farmers are burdened with debts and some have taken extreme decisions resulting .
On May 30 , Kumaraswamy said he needed 15 days to come out with a plan to implement a loan waiver .
If sufficient water is not released , the cultivation will be affected badly , said RAM , a farmer .
After the meeting , Siddaramaiah told reporters that the veteran Congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in Cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals .
He said the loan waiver for distressed farmers should be on the scale of the Upas bailout package of 2008 , at todays prices .
Siddaramaiah said district In-Charge ministers have been directed to hold regular review of drought relief works in their respective districts .
Siddaramaiah said that his government was Pro-Farmer and Pro-Poor and they were ready for discussions on the adjournment motion moved by the opposition .
Responding to a question on the police firing on farmers in Madhya Pradesh , RAM said the problem being faced by farmers now has not been created overnight .
As per law , only two proofs are required for such land rights to be granted and the CM said this will be followed , said Dr Ashok Dhawle of the all India Kisan Sabha .
45 crore allotted to Operationalise the horticulture mission last year , Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said on September 2 and hoped the state would use the entire amount received from the centre this year .
During a debate in the assembly on drought situation in the state on the first day of the budget session on Thursday , Naidu claimed that Ysr interest-free loan scheme , announced by the chief minister , was nothing new , but an old one introduced by the Kiran Kumar Reddy government and that the TDP government continued the same after 2014 .
The population is increasing but the land is not going to Increasewe have to see how the productivity increases there should be more production in less land , Modi said while releasing a two-part book series on renowned agriculture scientist M s Swaminathan at his residence here .
Earlier , interacting with farmers across the country through videoconference , Modi told a woman who also runs self-help groups in Bengals South 24-Paragans to mount pressure on the Mamata Banerjee government to submit a list of small and marginal farmers .
Modi said the opposition was welcome in criticising and finding faults , if any , in the implementation of initiatives taken by his government as he listed a number of programmes , including for farmers , youth and other sections of the society .
25Pm : Gandhi says he spoke to the families of the deceased farmers on phone and conveyed condolences .
Help promised to Farmersaddressing the gathering on the occasion , Siddaramaiah said the government was celebrating the occasion with a heavy heart in the wake of the farmers suicides in the state .
I share the pain , Modi said about the suicide committed by a farmer from Rajasthan at a rally organised by AAM Aadmi party here .
I myself being a son of a farmer , I Empathise with you , RAM said , while appealing to them not to allow their mind to be Weakenedby distress .
Siddaramaiah said , I am fully aware of the travails faced by the agrarian community .
A day after painting a grim picture of Indias farming during the inauguration of the meet , Modi said , the government of India has helped us identify progressive farmers from each district of the country .
V s park , director , state drought monitoring cell said that it was good that paddy cultivation was reducing in the state .
On charges of AP copying Telangana schemes , Naidu said Andhra Pradesh achieved 11 growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of Telangana stands at 0 .
Eligible farmers from Jalandhar , Kapurthala , Ludhiana , Fazilka and Ferozepur districts were given the certificates .
In order to make the economy of any country strong , one needs to have three pillars of equal strength : one-third each for agriculture , manufacturing and service sectors , he said .
This is what Prime Minister Narendramodi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here .
The recent rain has only replenished our hopes of better days with enough water for the crop , said Madan , a farmer in Hagarigollahalli in the Taluk .
While Patidar is agonising about his garlic in MP , a few thousand miles away in Delhi , the union Agriculture ministry is busy preparing flashy booklets and nifty presentations to showcase what it will call achievements and how these would result in the realisation of one of the prime minister 's many dreams - doubling farmers ' incomes by 2022 .
This is for Gujarat , Modi said , addressing a gathering of farmers here .
Apcthe proposed agriculture price Commission ( APC ) was before the cabinet subcommittee , Siddaramaiah said .
But NDA will have to meet first ( to take a decision ) , sad veteran and Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal told reporters here after a meeting with agriculture minister Sharad Pawar .
In Mandya alone , authorities have registered more than fifty cases , and have seized about 1,000 documents , said RAM , who is on a visit to Mandya and RAM districts to comfort families of farmers who have committed suicide .
Following this , Devendra Fadnavis has asked the finance secretary of the state to study the up model on the basis of which loan waiver was declared .
Zilla Panchayat engineer RAM said that the decision of farmers has not affected the Desilting works .
The opposition party also said that even prime minister Modi had claimed that the villages had become 'Drought free ' .
Almost two years after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced RS 34,000-Crore farm loan waiver , district central cooperative banks ( Dccbs ) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme .
B'Amid clamour for his resignation over the controversial remarks on drought , Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajitpawar today said any decision on the issue would be taken only after consulting party legislators .
Pune : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh on Tuesday said the cooperative sector could play a pivotal role in bridging the rich-poor gap and help the country achieve SAB ka Saath , SAB ka Vikas .
These have been the two main demands of the farmers who are on a 10-day statewide strike .
B'As whether the land in Singur would be fit for cultivation again , Mamatabanerjee said : according to some agricultural experts , as no farming had taken place there for a decade , it was now more fertile than before .
The difference is extremely glaring in perishable commodities like vegetables , Babu said in his address at the 46th convocation of the University of agricultural sciences ( UAS ) here on Friday .
Sagar Kulkarni , Feb 3 , 2017 , Dhns 8:48 Istdateline : New Delhidays after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced scrapping of high value currency notes , agriculture ministry officials were eagerly awaiting the details about sowing for Rabi crops across the country .
It is evident that the issue is being deliberately politicized , with the farming community also being unnecessarily dragged into the whole affair .
They are focusing not so much on farmers , not so much on agriculture , Gandhi said .
