This makes it not only one of the most accurate , but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world , '' UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said in a statement here .
Briefing reporters here , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said the electronic know your customer ( Ekyc ) service from UIDAI will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts .
At UIDAI , we are very strict on privacy issues .
New Delhi : President Pranabmukherjee on Sunday said that the Aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country .
Jaitley also said the Aadhaar should be linked with filing of income tax returns to curb tax evasions .
Noting that this unique identification number is now becoming an internal passport and gateway to various services for Indians , Nilekani said by working with various regulators they have ensured that this ID is sufficient to get their services .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director of the UIDAI regional office , Bangalore , said UIDAI , in a bid to reduce processing time , had enhanced the capacity of the central identification repository to process 10 lakh packets per day from the current five lakh .
We have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model , as well as scalable technical architecture , '' UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said .
Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee , who was also present at the function , said this UID project will help in improving the delivery mechanism of social welfare schemes .
After the BJP government took charge , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked UIDAI to fast-track the enrolment process .
End-To-End security of resident data has also been given major priority , said Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general , UIDAI .
Agriculture Minister RAM , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country , said Aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it .
They can log on to the UIDAI website , enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the E-Aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual Aadhaar number arrives , said UIDAI deputy director-general Ashok Dalwai .
The planning commission today said the Nandan Nilekani-Led UIDAI project is better than the one being advocated by the home ministry for capturing data regarding residents and improving the delivery of the government schemes .
Uidai regional deputy director Ashok Dalwai said the centre has asked regional offices to furnish a database on Aadhaar-Linked beneficiaries ( existing and proposed ) under various public services like subsidized LPG , pension schemes , student scholarship and PDS .
Addressing the SEBI board , Jaitley also said the passage of new Aadhar law would help in expanding investor base in securities market via KYC ( know your client ) simplification by greater use of technology .
On Wednesday , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that an Aadhaar card could become the sole identifier for a person in future .
The need for this ( Aadhar ) and the utility for this has been universally recognised across states , says Arun Jaitley , Union finance minister .
Also , an individual seeking another Aadhaar number on the same biometric details is sure to be caught by the UIDAI as biometrics are unique to a person .
In a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system , especially in rural pockets , UIDAI has favoured incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents .
Elaborating on implementation issues , Ramesh said the government claims to have saved RS 49,000 crore LPG subsidies by linking with Aadhaar but a CAG report has debunked this in a recent report .
Chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating Aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register ( NPR ) , which falls under the home ministry .
Gandhinagar : chief minister Narendra Modi has asked officials to expedite the issuing of Aadhar cards and take up this campaign on mission mode .
Just recently it was reported that Rajnath Singh is considering the merger of Aadhaar with the national population register ( NPR ) exercise .
Modi said that day was not far when reputed universities of the world will come to India to conduct case studies on the Bhim-Aadhaar app .
Now , in a more ambitious version of programmes that have slashed poverty in Brazil and Mexico , the government has begun to use the UID database , known as Aadhaar , to make direct cash transfers to the poor , in an attempt to cut out frauds who siphon billions of dollars from welfare schemes .
Aadhaar is a game changer , Arunjaitley said .
Modi said through Aadhaar and cellphones , his government has launched Jan Dhan Yojana and opened 330 million new bank accounts in three years .
They can log on to the UIDAI website , enter their enrolment number and take a printout of the E-Aadhaar card which can be used for various schemes till the actual Aadhaar number arrives , said UIDAI deputy director-general Ashok Dalwai .
Demonetisation +Times of India Litfest +New Delhi : will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion , said Nandan Nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of India , at Thetoday .
Emphasising on transparency in the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mnregs ) , Yogiadityanath said that active workers should be linked with Aadhaar-Based payment system .
Ranchi : unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) chairman Nandan Nilekani asked chief minister Arjun Munda to issue a notification declaring Aadhaar numbers as the basis of identity and residential proof of the Aadhaar number holder , following which different service delivery mechanisms could be lawfully linked with the beneficiary .
Moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier , Jaitley said targeted subsidy through Aadhar cards of LPG consumers had resulted in savings of over RS 15000 crore at the centre .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people .
Speaking at a seminar organised by Assocham , Lavasa said Aadhaar has brought efficiency in public spending and removed corruption .
We are simply providing a data bank of identity and residence proof and as Munda government has expressed interest in linking it with PDS , Mgnrega payment , payment of scholarship to students and old age pension through Aadhaar numbers , other states and the centre need to expedite the process of linking different service delivery mechanisms with the Aadhaar number , he said .
As Nandan Nilekani says , with the use of Aadhar-Enabled Ekyc , shifting from one operator to another ( number portability ) can be done in 15 minutes against up to seven days now .
Aadhaar enrolment will be speeded up : Siddaramaiahbangalore , may 26 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:57 Istchief minister RAM on Sunday said the government will take measures to speed up the Aadhaar enrolment drive and the entire population of the state will be covered within one year .
Mumbai : UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said it platforms could open up a huge app economy , transforming the way healthcare and education services are delivered in the country .
As parties like Bjd opposed the move to make Aadhaar mandatory for filing of income tax returns and making pan application , Jaitley said linking of Aadhaar with pan was necessary as people have multiple pan cards and are using it as a tool for tax evasion '' .
At the recent global conference on cyberspace , Prime Minister Modi said , I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar , which is the unique biometric identity of a Personthrough better targeting of subsidies , the jam ( Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile ) Trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $ 10 billion so far .
Delivering the eighth annual Richard H sabot lecture 'Technology to leapfrog development : the Aadhaar experience ' organised by center for global development - a Washington- based think-tank , Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country '' .
Quick Verificationthe pilot project on opening bank accounts with Aadhar information is operational in three banks in Tumkur district of Karnataka , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani told Deccan Herald .
Aadhaar as the foundation of electronic transfer of benefits to beneficiaries of various social sector schemes should yield significant benefits , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman , UIDAI , addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Friday .
There is considerable ease in using Aadhaar-Based authentication apart from several advantages with the entire process being Realti me , UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey told toi .
We will make all 5.58 lakh ration shops Aadhar-Enabled by June 30 .
Aadhar chairman Nandan Nilekani said all certified partners would be able to embed authentication features in their applications .
The unique identity authority of India has been roped in to connect with mobile manufacturers to allow Aadhaar-Enabled banking transactions .
Ssp Lucknow Deepakkumar said the gang used to advertise on social networking sites , inviting application from unemployed people willing to open customer service centre ( CSC ) for issuance of Aadhaar card , pan card , income certificate , caste certificate , domicile certificate and providing money transfer facility .
At the recent global conference on cyberspace , Prime Minister Narendramodi said , I am sure most of you are already aware of Aadhaar , which is the unique biometric identity of a Personthrough better targeting of subsidies , the jam ( Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile ) Trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $ 10 billion so far .
Aadhaar project would use today 's latest and modern technology , said Dr. Singh .
Asked if the union government has proposed to link any project with Aadhaar , Nilekani said organizations like Central board for direct taxes that issues pan and passport offices have expressed interest in liking up .
The centre recently notified the new Aadhar act which gives the numbers assigned by it a statutory backing for transfer of subsidies and benefits to people eligible for them .
Delivering the eighth annual Richard H sabot lecture 'Technology to leapfrog development : the Aadhaar experience ' organised by center for global development - a Washington- based think-tank , Nilekani said UIDAI has leveraged the state of the art technology of the present days to provide unique identification number to every resident of the country .
Modi said : I want you to work to ensure that each account holder Enrols for Aadhaar and seeds it in the bank account .
Chidambaram also said the government was mulling incorporating Aadhar numbers in the future resident identity cards of the national population register ( NPR ) , which falls under the home ministry .
New Delhi : President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday said that the Aadhar card initiative is a watershed event in the development of the country .
Addressing the function , upa chairperson Sonia Gandhi said the Aadhar scheme gives identity to the common man and is a tool to claim benefits .
We have to give everyone an identity card ( and ) Aadhaar is as good an identity as any , said Gandhi , women and child development minister .
At a joint press conference today , Union home minister P Chidambaram , Nilekani and planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh put up a United front , saying the NPR and UID projects will proceed alongside to ensure that all Indian citizens have a unique number by June 2013 .
Complete 'Aadhar ' coverage in Karnataka by June next : Cmbangalore , July 16 , 2013 ( PTI ) : 18:03 Istkarnataka chief minister RAM today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'Aadhaar ' project by June next year .
This makes it not only one of the most accurate , but soon to be the largest biometric system in the world , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said in a statement here .
Uidai chairman Nandan Nilekani said the government is using state-of-the-art technology to ensure Aadhaar provides the best service for the people .
And across the States , we find an urge now , that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways , RAM said , adding that the roll out of the GST , Aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth .
Dalwai said the second phase of Aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof , both at the enrolment level and data uploading level .
New Delhi : the central government is planning to make all ration shops under the public distribution system in the country Aadhaar-Enabled by June 30 this year , it minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said .
Quick Verificationthe pilot project on opening bank accounts with Aadhar information is operational in three banks in Tumkur district of Karnataka , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani told Deccan Herald .
Dalwai in his reply said that the money spent on the project is subject to audit by the comptroller and auditor general ( CAG ) Prabhakar said that payments under the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mgnregs ) can be accounted for and it will be sent directly to the beneficiaries accounts , which can be operated by the beneficiaries using their UID cards .
Speaking about the enrolments , Nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- Aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day .
Every month 2 crore accounts are being seeded with Aadhaar , Prasad said .
Nilekani also said that UID is working with the ministry of finance and the Department of financial services on financial inclusion , with oil ministry on LPG subsidy reforms , with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms , human resource development ministry on integration of Aakash and Department of telecom for providing Aadhar as know your customer ( KYC ) for mobile connections .
Aadhaar is robust , safe , secure and totally accountable , Prasad told reporters here .
We have been able to achieve this speed and scale due to our multiple registrar model , as well as scalable technical architecture , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said .
Not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective Aadhaar numbers in an easy , yet secure manner , said Nilekani .
This is not a tactical , but a strategic partnership , where UIDAI will leverage the existing infrastructure of the Dop to reach out to the masses for providing UID , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said while signing the agreement .
Jan Dhan-Aadhar-Mobile Trinity , commonly known as jam , helped the government save leakages worth RS 36,000 crore in subsidies and benefits provided to the poor , during the last one year , Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said .
All Aadhar-Based applications would be accessible through post offices .
India has strong infrastructure and one of the best Aadhar-Enabled payment systems in the world which is Besed on fingerprints , Naidu said , calling it a low hanging fruit in course of the switchover to digital mode .
Aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas , Mukherjee said .
I want to really emphasise that Aadhar platform is the biggest anti-corruption platform in the world .
The Griha Aadhar scheme has helped households get proper and nutritious diet in the face of inflation , '' Parrikar said , adding that just a few instances when these schemes have been misused can not serve as the grounds for depriving the rest of the beneficiaries '' .
Nilekani , an ex-IT czar , said rural job and pension schemes along with public distribution system can be linked to Aadhar numbers .
We brought Dbtl and took advantage of bank accounts opened under Jan Dhan scheme and Aadhaar numbers to give subsidy straight to consumers , Modi said .
Melbourne : Aadhaar project is an example of using modern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) said unique identification ( UID ) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused .
New Delhi : Microsoft CEO satyanadella on Wednesday announced the integration of Skype and Aadhaar to launch the Skype Lite for low speed mobile Internet connections , which will be supported by Aadhaar and will enable technology that can empower people and organisations .
Speaking at the inauguration of the direct benefit transfer ( DBT ) scheme in LPG subsidy , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said on Saturday that the state government and the authority would launch a massive enrolment drive in the next few months .
Modi has also asked bankers to ensure that all Jan Dhan bank accounts are linked to Aadhaar or unique identification numbers allotted to people .
Uidai deputy director general ( Bangalore regional office ) Ashok Dalwai told Deccan Herald that the software - which is more accurate and contains more security features - would be simultaneously released in all 18 states where UIDAI is operating .
First , we will introduce the targeted delivery of financial and other subsidiary benefits services by using the Aadhaar framework .
Rohatgi said linking pan with Aadhaar was needed to curb the practice of tax evasion and to keep tabs on the circulation of black money as pan was not a foolproof deterrent .
Claiming that the social benefits of a universal identity system was immense , Mr. Dalwai said , in the long-term , the card would reduce the number of bogus ration cards , and could even help in extending credit to the rural poor when they use their UID number for transactions .
New Delhi , Jan 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 15:30 istall Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar , Prime Minister Narendramodi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy .
Aadhaar platform is now ready to support payments under various schemes directly to the beneficiaries accounts in select areas , Pranabmukherjee said .
Large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through Aadhar : Govtnew Delhi , Mar 11 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:39 Istthousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the Aadhaar system , finance minister Arun Jaitley said today , as the Lok Sabha passed a bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme .
Mr. Pandey said a lot of planning has gone into jam over the last six years and he was happy to see all the three things ( Jan Dhan bank accounts , Aadhar numbers and mobile phone numbers ) integrated with great efficiency in Krishna district .
Nilekani said Aadhaar identity cards were accepted as valid documents under the know your customer ( KYC ) norms for opening bank accounts , securing mobile connections and getting cooking gas connections .
Unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , the nodal body responsible for rolling out the Aadhaar programme in the country , has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions , in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents , in a bid to promote Aadhaar-Based payment system in rural pockets .
Agartala : Union minister Jairam Ramesh has said 'Aadhaar ' numbers , the unique 12-digit identification numbers given to residents of India , would be used to provide different social pensions , Mgnrega wages to workers and scholarships to students .
Nilekani also said that UID is working with the ministry of finance and the Department of financial services on financial inclusion , with oil ministry on LPG subsidy reforms , with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms , human resource development ministry on integration of Aakash and Department of telecom for providing Aadhar as know your customer ( KYC ) for mobile connections .
Addressing the function , upa chairperson Sonia Gandhi said the Aadhaar scheme not only gives identity to the common man but is also a tool to claim benefits .
Citing provisions under the Aadhaar act , 2016 , Shukla said no core biometric information , collected or created under the act , shall be shared with anyone for any reason whatsoever ; or used for any purpose other than generation of Aadhaar numbers and authentication under the act .
Briefing reporters here , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani said the electronic know your customer ( Ekyc ) service from UIDAI will enhance customer convenience and greatly increase business efficiency across sectors that require proof of identity and address to open customer accounts .
Citing his government 's schemes like Jan Dhan Yojana and Aadhaar , Modi said these efforts have saved more than RS 1,10,000 crore of public money from going to fake beneficiaries .
? ? ? at DUDU only , Aadhaar enabled system of social sector , Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mgnregs ) and pension scheme will be implemented , UIDAI ( unique identification authority of India ) chairman Nandan Nilekani told reporters here .
The Aadhaar integrated services would ensure that the services reached the right person , preventing wastage or diversion of benefits , Mr. Dalwai said .
Observing that at present , over 113 crore residents in India have Aadhaar , Prasad said that Aadhaar is safe , let me say proudly that the data is secure .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general ( tech centre ) , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) , said here on Saturday that the UIDAI is working with various state governments to integrate Aadhaar with various social sector service delivery programmes , for efficient delivery of services to the beneficiaries .
We have launched our website in five languages for communicating to a larger audience across the country on issues related to Aadhaar .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) said unique identification ( UID ) card was a legal database collection system and there was no chance of the data being misused .
Aadhaar project is to solve the problem of people who do not have an acknowledgement of their existence by people and the state or lack of acknowledgement of their identity , he said .
By giving benefits directly to the needy , complaints of dishonesty and delay will reduce , Singh said at a function where he handed over Aadhar number '21 crore ' to a villager here .
Now , the thumb ( used for Aadhaar-Based transactions ) has become your strength , said Modi .
New Delhi , Jan 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 15:30 istall Jan Dhan bank accounts should be linked to Aadhaar , Prime Minister Modi said today while asking bankers to speed up this process and redouble efforts on financial literacy .
Nilekani added that UID would create for the first time in the country a national devices ' infrastructure that is inter-operable .
Aadhaar will provide a big platform to fight corruption , said UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani , who is expected to contest forthcoming Lok Sabha elections on Congress ticket .
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog : Nilekanimelbourne , Oct 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 9:29 Istaadhaar project is an example Ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said '' .
? ? ? ? in a review meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley told the officers that Aadhar card numbers may also be seeded with bank accounts as the same will help in directly transferring the subsidies to the bank accounts of the desired sections of the society under direct benefit transfer ( DBT ) scheme .
Speaking at an Assocham event , Lavasa said Aadhaar can become the single identity proof for an array of services .
But he said the Aadhaar platform lent itself to numerous other possibilities - including as an electronic KYC ( know your customer ) and to transfer money between two people .
Bank Mitras need to be enabled to carry out Rupay card and Aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself , the PM said .
In a Facebook post titled 'Benefits of the Aadhaar - where it stands today ' , Arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved RS 90,000 crore in the last few years till March 2018 by eliminating several duplicates , non-existent and fake beneficiaries .
The use of a fake Aadhaar ID will prove more hazardous to criminals as compared to spurious ration or election cards as biometric data can identify an individual with more certainty .
Moving the bill for consideration and passage earlier , Jaitley said targeted subsidy through Aadhar cards of LPG consumers had resulted in savings of over RS 15000 crore at the centre .
Large amounts to be saved by routing subsidy through Aadhar : Govtnew Delhi , Mar 11 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:39 Istthousands of crore rupees will be saved by routing government subsidy through the Aadhaar system , finance minister Arun Jaitley said today , as the Lok Sabha passed a bill to give statutory backing to the unique identity number scheme .
And those who do n't have phones need simply use their Aadhar cards to make payments at Micro-Atms , Nilekani said .
But overall , the entire state will be covered by March 2014 , Nilekani said and added that the state had been in the forefront of the UID programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in Karnataka .
Nilekani said Aadhaar would make the life of India 's 400 million migrants simpler .
Defending his stand to contest on a Congress ticket in the light of several corruption charges the party was facing , Nilekani said : please understand that Aadhaar is the worlds largest anti-corruption platform .
Dharwad : Aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of India , but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities , a resident of India is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'Aadhaar ' UIDAI regional office ( Bangalore ) Ashok Dalwai .
However , keeping the drought in view , RAM has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
Prasad said the government saved about RS 50,000 crore LPG subsidy due to the linking of Aadhaar card with Jhan Dhan accounts .
| file Photonew Delhi : Aadhaar becoming an identity proof for every Indian is now a distinct possibility , finance secretary Ashok Lavasa said on Wednesday .
Ashok Dalwai , deputy director-general , UIDAI regional office , Bangalore , said while the response to the project has so far been excellent , there is no deadline to get the UID .
Aadhar is to be linked with everything now and is making good progress in Delhi , Ms. Dikshit said after the meeting .
Terming it as a transformative piece of legislation , Mr. Jaitley said a social security platform will be developed using Aadhaar to accurately target beneficiaries .
Speaking about the enrolments , Nilekani said that the 12-digit unique identity number -- Aadhar -- has been provided to 37 million people across the country and very soon over one million people will enrol for unique identity number every day .
Claiming that over 106.69 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated across the country as on Friday , UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey said a special drive will start from October 15 to November 15 , 2016 , and it is aimed at targeting the floating population and leftover residents .
At UIDAI , we are very strict on the privacy issue .
At DUDU only , Aadhaar enabled system of social sector , Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme ( Mgnregs ) and pension scheme will be implemented , UIDAI ( unique identification authority of India ) chairman Nandan Nilekani told reporters here .
Unique identification authority chief Nandan Nilekeni asked the state authorities to play a model role in introduction of Aadhar numbers that will help in implementation of social schemes .
Speaking at the same programme earlier , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani had said the authority will beat the target of generating 60 crore Aadhaar numbers before schedule in the next few months .
First UID number was doled out on September 29 , 2010 , at a village in Maharashtra within 14 months of the project taking off whereas the deadline was set at 18 months , he said , adding that they were confident of issuing 60 crore Aadhaar numbers by 2014 as per the target planned .
We plan to increase the language versions in the future , so that residents who have access to the Internet are able to view important information in a language that they are comfortable with , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman UIDAI while launching the multilingual website from UIDAI tech centre , Bengaluru .
He also spoke about the special task force constituted by the union ministry of finance to directly link subsidies on LPG , kerosene and fertilizers with Aadhaar number holders .
Aadhaar example of using technology to leapfrog : Nilekanimelbourne , Oct 16 , 2013 , ( PTI ) : 9:29 Istaadhaar project is an example Ofusingmodern technology to leapfrog for future development and transformation of a country , UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani has said .
1 BN Aadhaar cards Soontalking about Aadhaar , Nilekani said 910 million people have the cards and this number will reach one billion by March 2016 .
Nilekani said the Aadhaar cards , already distributed among 60 crore people , will touch the 100 crore mark by the end of 2015 .
Pm demands 'Concrete ' results of DBT Schemenew Delhi , June 19 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istwith the government saving up to 15 per cent in direct benefit transfers of subsidies to the beneficiaries , Prime Minister Modi on Thursday asked authorities to accelerate the delivery of benefits and expand the applications for the Aadhaar ( unique identification ) card .
Uidai will eventually increase its biometric authentication capacity to 40 crore , UIDAI chief executive officer Ajay Bhushan Pandey told reporters here .
As of now , 14 banks have come on board for Aadhaar pay and the service will be launched soon , Prasad said told reporters .
Uidai is currently working with banks and the National payments corporation of India ( Npci ) and expects to roll out the feature in the next few weeks .
Dalwai said the second phase of Aadhaar enrolments would be more stringent and foolproof , both at the enrolment level and data uploading level .
But overall , the entire state will be covered by March 2014 , Nilekani said and added that the state had been in the forefront of the UID programme and the linkage with direct benefit transfer schemes had also been a success in Karnataka .
Mysore : for the marginalized , illiterate and vulnerable groups , Aadhaar will come as a boon to would turn into boon for marginalized or vulnerable groups to get access many services with a help of single identity number opined , said Nandan Nilekani , chairman , unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) .
The goal , Nilekani said , is to achieve widespread diffusion of Aadhaar platform knowledge across New entrepreneurial Ventures and existing software companies to assist and nurture Aadhaar capabilities .
The monies saved through Aadhaar is money fruitfully employed for the poor elsewhere , Arunjaitley said .
The scheme to pay this compensation has now been incorporated into the Shetkari Adhar Nidhi scheme of the Agriculture Department , Parrikar said .
Complete 'Aadhar ' coverage in Karnataka by June next : Cmbangalore , July 16 , 2013 ( PTI ) : 18:03 Istkarnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah today said plans have been formulated to cover the entire state under the 'Aadhaar ' project by June next year .
Not only will this service streamline the process of on-boarding new customers but it will also simplify the process of linking existing customer accounts to their respective Aadhaar numbers in an easy , yet secure manner , said Nilekani .
( PTI ) Mumbai : prime minister Modi who paid floral tributes to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on the occasion of his birth anniversary at Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur , said the Bhim Aadhaar is the strongest foundation of a new economy and a new India that Dr Ambedkar had envisaged .
Progress so Farstate enrolled uploaded Aadhaar card Generatedkarnataka 1,59,37,059 1,55,36,169 1,33,19,240Tamil Nadu 30,37,149 29,53,854 27,27,574Puducherry 9,11,244 8,82,803 7,74,646Kerala 71,15,818 65,74,719 55,48,154Total 2,70,01,270 2,59,47,545 2,23,69,614Source : Uidaienrol from Anywherewhen questioned about citizens who have missed out on enrolling in the first phase and whether there would be enrolment centres in the districts which have been already covered , Dalwai said anybody could enrol from any part of the state or country , provided they have the necessary documents .
Aadhar to bring transparency in welfare schemes : Pmnew Delhi , Aug 15 , 2012 , ( Ians ) : 9:57 Istthe government wanted to create a system through which money from central welfare schemes could be credited directly into bank accounts of beneficiaries and would utilise the unique identification number Aadhar scheme for this , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Wednesday .
New Delhi : the unique identification authority of India ( UIDAI ) will move the Supreme Court to explain its position related to the Aadhaar scheme and also make a bid to save the upa 's showpiece initiative which aims at ensuring transparency in accessing public services and payment of subsidies .
Prasad said , the higher the linkages with the Aadhaar number , the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions .
Dharwad : `` Aadhaar is not only a foundation of unique identification of residents of India , but also the sheet anchor for all the services and facilities , a resident of India is entitled to get from the government said deputy director general 'Aadhaar ' UIDAI regional office ( Bangalore ) Ashok Dalwai .
We are going to make payment through Aadhar-Linked ( bank ) accounts in 46 districts , rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said .
In a Facebook post titled 'Benefits of the Aadhaar - where it stands today ' , Arunjaitley said its use in the delivery of subsidies has helped saved RS 90,000 crore in the last few years till March 2018 by eliminating several duplicate , non-existent and fake beneficiaries .
Dalwai said even those residents whose enrolments have been rejected can approach the enrolment centres with necessary documents and go for fresh enrolments .
During an election rally in Varanasi on Thursday , Arunjaitley said that banks have been asked to procure more point of sale machines and make it available to traders in order to facilitate digital payments .
In the next 100 days , Lakhs of families are going to receive crores of rupees as gift , but you will be entitled to this gift only if you make use of mobile banking , e-banking , Rupay card , UPI ( unified payment interface ) , USSD ( unstructured supplementary service data ) for digital payments , Modi said .
Antalya ( Turkey ) , Nov 16 , 2015 ( Ians ) 16:19 Istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Monday , the second and final day of the G20 summit here .
Stating that the previous upa regime has left behind a legacy of of policy paralysis , indecisiveness and No-Doing approach , Jaitley said the prime minister had taken a very courageous decision as he wanted to transform India .
Economic Affairs secretary Subhashchandragarg said Demonetisation and GST reflect long-term vision of the government and its ability to undertake massive structural reforms .
Promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money , Prime Minister Modi told his party MPs Tuesday that the decision to Demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor .
This is indeed a game changer , Chidambaram asserted and said that banks have already floated tenders for 20 lakh Micro-Atms which once become operational will help the government in directly transferring the cash in the beneficiaries accounts .
Mumbai : since the Demonetisation of high currency notes terror funding has come down to zero and there has n't been Stone-Pelting on security forces , defence minister Manoharparrikar said here today .
Terming the decision historic , Jaitley said : What was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the prime minister has created a new Normaltoday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty .
Today , I challenge them to spell out a single step that they had taken during 10-year of their rule against black money , finance minister Arun Jaitley said while replying to the debate .
Agra : in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Modi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
When American President Barack Obama fought his first election ( 2008 ) , he had taken only small donations through digital payments , Arunjaitley said .
Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said , will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy , and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the GDP and make it cleaner .
While inaugurating the Pune Metro , Modi , in a veiled attack on the Congress for opposing Demonetisation , said the sins of Benami properties would not have happened and people would not be standing in queues now had necessary decisions been taken in the past .
A day before , on Tuesday , Modi while speaking at Lok Sabha ( the lower house ) said that the Note-Ban was possible because the countrys economy was in good shape .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:32 Istprime minister Modi today said political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by Demonetisation , in remarks seen as sharp attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .
Repeating remarks he made in Lok Sabha a day earlier , Modi said Demonetisation should have happened in 1971 when Indira Gandhi was the prime minister .
New Delhi : issuing a veiled warning , finance minister Arunjaitley today said one can not convert black money into white by merely depositing unaccounted cash in bank accounts as taxes are required to be paid on them .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time , such a decision was taken which was difficult to implement because of many challenges that came with it .
Talking about Demonetisation , Modi claimed that it had not caused any harm to the common man , but it is Congress which felt the pinch .
When Modi asked the country to try out digital payments following the governments Demonetisation move , Kumar took on the cudgels to make Palnar cashless .
During the interaction , Modi asked both railways and Department of posts to focus on increasing digital transactions across their networks , especially using the Bhim app .
On Tuesday , Arunjaitley was replying to a supplementary question from CPI ( M ) Rajya Sabha MP C P Narayanan on why the banks were starved of the new notes for such a long time , as Arunjaitley had earlier told the house that Demonetisation came after nine months of preparations by the government and the RBI .
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues , it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place , Das said .
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month , about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation , which were actually in circulation , at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days , Das said .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
The misery of artisans like Hakak ended when Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 .
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency , '' Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals .
In a surprise move , Prime Minister Modi last night announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes with effect from Wednesday to fight the menace of black money , fake currency , corruption and terror financing .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Pti photo by Manvender Vashist expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , Digidhan movement .
On November 8 last year , Prime Minister Modi announced the decision to Demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption .
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks , but that can not be an alibi that India continues to live ( with black money and parallel economy ) , Arunjaitley said .
In an interview for a TV news channel , Modi said people voted on Demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in Uttar Pradesh and on GST in the 2018 assembly election in Gujarat .
Referring to the show of strength by various political parties at the swearing-in ceremony of Karnataka chief minister H D Kumaraswamy , Modi said , the fear of our government 's move to crack down on black money has brought many to a common platform .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that the Demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , 'Digidhan ' movement , PM said that it is a brave act against corruption and black money .
Prime Minister Modi on November 8 had announced Demonetisation of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Finance Minister Arun Jailtey ( file photo ) finance minister Arun Jailtey ( file photo ) the implementation of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by Demonetisation , will make Indias economy look much cleaner and bigger , said union finance minister Arun Jaitley at the vibrant Gujarat global summit Wednesday .
Even countries which are technologically far more advanced than India with comparatively much smaller size population do not have such a system in place , said Pranabmukherjee , while complimenting the government for promotion of digital transactions .
Earlier , it was so much in cash and cheque .
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency , Jaitley said .
Stressing that Rupay was bringing a revolutionary change in digital payments , Modi said the card was also being used abroad and narrated how he used it to buy some items on his visit to Singapore .
Asking people not to fall prey to rumours like shortage of salt and bankers going on strike , Das said the government will ensure adequate availability of cash as well as essential commodities '' .
Citing a book , Modi told BJP MPs that when then finance minister Y B Chavan went to Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and supported the recommendations on Demonetisation , she had asked if the Congress did not have to fight elections .
Jaitley said the Demonetisation , coupled with the implementation of GST , will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the States , Facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country .
Forget Demonetisation , I will keep taking tough actions , one after another , to get rid of these termites who resurface at new places every time their holes are plugged , Modi said at a function in Jharkhands backward Sahebganj district .
The government has also constituted a special Taskforce to keep a watch on the infusion of fake currency in vulnerable areas , Mr. Das said , adding that a technology team has also been formed to popularise the use of e-wallets and also to ensure that ATM recalibration progresses apace .
Tax collection data is real and not an estimation , Arunjaitley said , while dismissing apprehensions of slowdown in following currency squeeze post Demonetisation .
In milk city Anand , Modi said , before six years , Supreme Court had asked the then government to form a sit to find out the sources of black money .
In Delhi , economic affairs secretary Das also said that the government was keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan accounts as , in many cases , such accounts are being misused for deposit of black money .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley in his budget speech had announced that the government would come out with a new law to effectively deal with the black money stashed abroad .
A key issue for me ( at the G-20 summit ) would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money , Modi said , a day before he is scheduled to leave New Delhi for a Nine-Day-Long tour to Myanmar , Australia and Fiji , where he is likely to meet over 40 leaders from Asia , Africa , Europe , North America , South America and Pacific region both in multilateral format as well as on the sideline of the conclaves .
Commenting on the data , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers do not show much negative impact of Demonetisation .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley earlier in the day had said that deposits of the now defunct RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 currency notes in bank accounts will not enjoy immunity from tax .
Presenting his first full-year budget , Arunjaitley said the first and foremost pillar of his tax proposals is to enacting a new law to effectively deal with the problem of black money which eats into the vitals of our economy and society .
Union minister Nirmalasitharaman said that the Congress is indulging in fear-mongering on Demonetisation .
5 ( PTI ) : underlining that fighting corruption and black money is key to effective financial governance , Prime Minister Modi today asked G20 leaders to act to eliminate safe havens for economic offenders , unconditionally extradite money launderers and end excessive banking secrecy that hide the corrupt .
In the wake of new currency noted of a higher denomination of RS 2,000 being introduced , such a cap on cash transactions would ensure that it does not become easy for hoarders to stack illicit savings in the higher denomination notes .
Explaining why the government decided to go for Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said if people had to buy property , they were asked as to how much money would be paid in cash and how much by cheque , and such immoral practices continued .
Its the law on black money , Modi said in Bhopal .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
It 's just beginning , says PM as BJP MPs endorse his 'Crusade'New Delhi , Nov 22 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 13:09 Istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man , Prime Minister Modi today said as the BJP parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arunjaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
The left parties have compromised their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders Jyoti Basu and Harkishan Singh Surjeet had supported the idea of Demonetisation , Modi said .
( photo | Ani ) Agra : prime minister Modi on Sunday said political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams are attacking him as they have been hit hard by Demonetisation , in remarks seen as a sharp attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee .
Quelling fears over security of digital transactions , Babu said that the SBI had left no stone unturned to ensure that the data of the users were not compromised .
With regard to the impact of Demonetisation on Rabi sowing , Das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks .
Coming back to Demonetisation , Modi said that cashless would take India step-by-step , slowly in the direction of a clean economy .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Jaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Asking the people to prefer digital transactions instead of cash transactions , Modi told the shopkeepers : you already have a board outside your shops that reads : Aaj Nagad , Kal Udhar .
On ways to prevent black money menace in the future , Arunjaitley said the global community is moving towards automatic exchange of information .
All the 125 crore people of the country have equal value and importance , Modi said in his monthly radio programme Mann Ki Baat in which he also pushed for more digital transactions , informed about the launch of South Asia satellite on May 5 and spoke about some other issues .
Jaitley said that cash can be gradually substituted through digital Payments/Transactions .
Prasad said , the higher the linkages with the Aadhaar number , the more we have in terms of seamless digital transactions .
The BJP leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption , Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu said .
But our objective is to wipe out black money and end terror financing , Mr. Rohatgi said .
Terming the criticism , that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , as ill-informed , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
However , finance minister Arunjaitley said the Pmgky response should not be seen in isolation as it was introduced after the income disclosure scheme ( IDs ) and Demonetisation exercise were carried out in the previous fiscal .
The Pmos directions came after it emerged that RS 1,238 crore has been deposited in cash in such entities in November-December 2016 , soon after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation of High-Denomination notes .
With regard to rural areas , he said the cash holding limit for 1.2 lakh banking correspondents ( BCS ) has been increased to RS 50,000 and banks have been given flexibility to increase this limit on case to case basis .
When asked about Demonetisations effects on the public banking sector , Vijaya bank executive director B s RAM said , it is a temporary phenomenon , which does not affect the demands of the corporate sector .
Further explaining his stand against Demonetisation , the former union minister said , 80 per cent transactions in Germany and Austria is cash-based , in Australia it is 60 per cent , Canada 56 per cent and us 46 per cent , and prime minister Modi says India will go 100 per cent cashless .
Minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju said there has been a big impact in attempts to pump in fake Indian currency notes ( Ficn ) into the country and no such incident was reported ever since prime minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation decision .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Prime Minister Modi had said that after Demonetisation , terrorism will stop but it has not happened .
The number of new jobs due to be created this year will be dependent on how Demonetisation affects sector , for which we have to wait till the financial year end , said Modi , president of Federation of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh Chamber of commerce and industry ( Ftapcci ) , who runs an SME .
However , the prime minister has redefined the old normal in India where black money , corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal , Jaitley said , adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque .
We would like to focus all our resources to bringing back black money to the books , Arunjaitley said .
Stressing that all the political parties opposed to each other were together on the issue of corruption , Modi said both Mayawati and Mulayam Singh Yadav had never been one of any issue but both were angry with him on his note ban decision .
Modi said this was being done to tackle the menace of black money in the country , which has sapped the economy .
With regard to opposition 's criticism over Demonetisation , an issue that led to washout of the last winter session , Modi said from day one , the government has been saying that it is ready for a discussion on it .
Modi said history would not remember which PM enforced Demonetisation but it would certainly recall how the people fought a war on black money .
The left parties have compromised with their ideology even as their mentors and communist leaders Jyoti Basu and Harkishan Singh Surjeet had supported the idea of Demonetisation , Modi said .
Nobody , not this government , not you , not the previous government knows exactly how much black money is stashed abroad , Modi said in the second episode of his radio talk , Mann Ki Baat .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was too early to assess the impact of Demonetisation .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said eight of the 10 directors of the RBI board were present at the November 8 meeting which made an independent final recommendation with regard to Demonetisation to government .
As far as search and seizure operations against black money hoarders is concerned , PM Modi had confidently said in a public rally : we knew and now they are being caught .
Hitting out at Congress for raising the issue of change of rules 150 times on Demonetisation , Modi said the previous upa government had changed rules regarding Mnrega 1035 times during its implementation over six years .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath at Gorakhpurs Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath at Gorakhpursthe Uttar Pradesh government will award contracts through E-Tendering to remove Mafia and criminal elements , chief minister Yogiadityanath said today as he pitched for digital payments to eliminate corruption .
Hyderabad : Union minister M M.Venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in India will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax ( GST ) is Implementedaddressing the Icai international conference 'Jnana Yagna ' here , the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money .
Meghwal said that about 23.2 per cent of the economic activity is shadow economy and government 's push to cashless transactions will widen the tax bracket .
In the same year , nearly a month after Prime Minister Modi announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , it was reported that a record number of 564 Maoists surrendered in the last 28 days .
We would like to urge the other parties to do the same and prove their intentions against corruption , he said .
On the eve of the first anniversary of the November 8 Demonetisation of 500- and 1000-Rupee notes that wiped out 86 per cent of the currency in circulation then , Arunjaitley said the government has met its objective of reducing cash in the economy , ending anonymity of cash , bringing in more individuals in the tax net and dealing a body blow to black money .
Demonetisation , doubtless one of the most significant decisions of independent India that shook the entire nation , was there merely as a passing reference although prime minister Narendramodi had claimed India would emerge like gold after the ordeal of the first 50 days .
Union minister Naidu union minister Naidu Naiduwith the opposition seeking Narendra Modis participation in the debate in parliament over Demonetisation , Union minister Naidu on Tuesday said the prime minister will intervene in the issue as and when required and appealed to rival parties to resume the discussion .
( PTI ) Kullu/Palampur : prime minister Narendramodi has said that Effigy-Burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money , alluding to the Congress 's call for protests on November 8 , the first anniversary of the Demonetisation .
In the next Brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections , nobody will be left with power to bribe voters , Manoharparrikar said , without naming the ally Shiv Sena which has been critical of Demonetisation .
It is people 's mandate for the prime minister 's decision of Demonetisation , Sonowal told reporters .
Taking a cue from Advani , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said , a big issue has come up in the country NDA chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have .
On Demonetisation , Modi said there was chaos amongst the corrupt after note ban was announced as they were forced to deposit the ill-gotten money in bank accounts .
Finance Minister T.M . Thomas Isaac told the assembly on Tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of Demonetisation and GST on the States economy in another six months .
Earlier in his address to the nation over radio , Modi said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an article of faith for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so .
More than RS 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately RS 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers , it Addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding , Prime Minister Modi on November 8 announced Demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by December end .
In this context , Arunjaitley said Demonetisation has created a new normal replacing the old order of cash and parallel economy , which has been eliminated .
Justifying Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said it will act as a disincentive towards continuing to deal with shadow economy , and integration of informal with formal economy will increase the size of the GDP and make it cleaner .
As the centre is keen to strengthen the digital payment infrastructure and grievance handling mechanisms , Arunjaitley said the focus would be on rural and Semi-Urban areas through post offices , fair price shops and banking correspondents .
Referring to the benefits of Demonetisation , Modi said , the money hidden by many people in their homes under their beds , in Almirahs and sacks has been brought back to banks .
Modi said that the Demonetisation move was a fight against corruption and targeted those who amassed wealth by unfair means .
Modi said before claiming the reason was his fight against black money .
Kanpur : Lucknow : announcing a bonanza to reward cashless transactions , Prime Minister Modi said that all those using e-payments since November 8 , especially the small spenders , will be offered an incentive of RS 1000 .
The new encryption adds another security layer to the hardware at a time when such devices are all set to take the centre stage in biometric-based digital payments .
It was this deposit made three days after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced scrapping of 500 and 1,000-Rupee banknotes that caught the attentions of tax authorities , who are closely examining all suspicious high-value transactions done after the November 8 Demonetisation announcement .
Yet even though the cash crunch has inflicted the most pain on the poor , Modi has said in his campaign speeches it would punish the venal rich .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Watch video | PM Modi Modis scathing attack at Congress in Lok Sabha : heres what he Saiddefending his November 8 decision to Demonetise RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes , Modi said the step was to empower the honest .
Modi said he was aware of the problems being faced by the people Post-Demonetisation .
The Commerce Ministry had entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of Demonetisation , Teaotia said .
Modi to stress on black money at G-20 Summitnew Delhi , Nov 11 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:29 Istprime minister Modi on Monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the G-20 summit in Australia .
Commenting on the data , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said this year growth figures are on a high base of last fiscal and numbers `` do not show much negative impact of Demonetisation '' .
Taking on the opposition and accusing it of misguiding people over cashless transactions , Modi said that while on one hand they claimed that Rajiv brought about the telecom revolution , on the other they contradict themselves by saying that their countrymen dont have means for cashless transactions .
Regarding Demonetisation , Modi said the government was always ready for the discussion on the issue but the opposition was only interested in TV bytes and not debates .
When poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment , now they ( middlemen ) have started spreading new rumours , Modi said .
Black money used to be parked in the real estate sector , but with decisions like note ban and Rera , we put a check to it , Modi said .
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up , as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country , he said , adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy .
Fadnavis said the results are an ample indication that people have accepted prime minister Narendra Modi 's note ban move and the state government 's transparency plank .
In his speech to the joint sitting of both houses , president Ramnathkovind said , the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace .
Das said the focus of the government is to activate all channels of distribution to ensure that cash is dispensed to the public '' .
Responding to questions over the final tally of deposits received during the Demonetisation period , Arunjaitley said it will be announced by RBI after every note is counted .
He added that the reason for long queues outside the banks is because of the same people joining the queue again at some places .
Attacking the Samajwadi party ( SP ) and the Bahujan Samaj party ( BSP ) , Modi said these arch-rivals had joined hands on the note ban issue .
On the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said that the governments bid to go cashless meant less cash and not no cash , as reported by the opposition parties and a section of the media .
The Demonetisation exercise , which has led to a surge of low cost funds into the banking sector , will not only help in expanding the size of the formal economy but also eventually push up tax collections , Arunjaitley said in the Lok Sabha on Thursday .
Rohatgi told the apex court that general rule is that the cash transactions in the market should not be more than four per cent of the GDP but it is 12 per cent in India .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Both because it is desirable , ( and ) also to tackle the problem of black money and things like that , chief economic adviser RAM said .
The drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to Indians and will bring them in formal financial system , Naidu said .
Seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions , Modi said for every person you introduce to the Bhim app , you will get a cash back of RS 10 .
Stating that replacement of around 86 per cent of old currency notes was bound to be a gigantic task involving time and difficulties , the finance minister said despite all these , honest people in the country now felt that honesty was finally beneficial .
( source : PTI photo ) around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
In the long term , this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy , Jaitley said .
New Delhi : the prime minister Modi on Tuesday told the parliamentary board meeting of the BJP that the decision on Demonetization is just the beginning of a long battle against black money and corruption .
After the government 's decision of withdrawing RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 banknotes to curb black money , corruption and counterfeit currency , Jaitley said that Higher-Denomination currency notes have to be deposited in bank accounts to get newer or smaller denomination currencies '' .
Last month on this date , Prime Minister Modi announced his battle against black money on national television by Demonetising , in one fell swoop , all RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes .
Speaking at a book launch event here -- a day after the opposition launched a massive attack on the government over the issue -- Modi said there has been little criticism of the Demonetisation decision .
Stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money , farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money , said Arunjaitley in Lok Sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes ( cessation of liabilities ) bill , 2017 .
Prime Minister Modi and the government had earlier claimed that Demonetisation will put an end to black money , fake currency and terrorism .
New Delhi : Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi today said Congress was running away from a discussion on Demonetisation in parliament even when the government wanted a positive debate and was open to suggestions .
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provoke people against the government have proved futile , Jaitley said .
Dr Shoeb S. Katrawala , who runs Katrawala diagnostic centre on Astodia road , says , Mr Modi has said that this is all being done to cut down black money , to cut off funds to terrorists and stop the flow of counterfeit money in the economy .
Mocking the BSP and the Samajwadi party , Prime Minister Modi said both came together against the Demonetisation scheme though they usually oppose each other on most topics .
Giving details of impact of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said the number of income tax return filers has gone up to 6 .
Referring to recent rumours about shortage of salt in the country , Modi said this is being done by those whose black money is being rendered useless .
The minister further said the government 's move will promote more and more digital transactions '' .
We must make the transactions cost-effective and strengthen cloud servers on the bank side , Andhra Pradesh chief minister Babu , who heads the panel , said after submitting an interim report on digital payments to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Talking to his crackdown on black money , Modi said three lakh companies had shut their shops after the note ban , that too without any backlash .
( PTI photo ) Demonetisation has narrowed the gap between rich and poor and will help boost GDP growth , minister of state for finance Arjun RAM Meghwal told Lok Sabha Monday .
Antalya ( Turkey ) , Nov 16 , 2015 ( Ians ) 16:19 Istindia has zero tolerance on black money and corruption , Prime Minister Modi said on Monday , the second and final day of the G20 summit here .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley on Wednesday said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
In fact PM Modi is setting a new example of propriety in public life , by asking all MPs & Mlas of BJP to submit their bank account details post Demonetization .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
Rohatgi said a total of RS 7.5 lakh crore , including RS 5 lakh crore in new currency notes , was available for transaction , and the cash problem should be resolved soon .
Prime Minister Modi had claimed the decision ( note ban ) was targeted at black money hoarders .
Modi said the terrorists derive funding from a variety of criminal activities which include smuggling of narcotics , bank robbery , vehicle thefts , fake currency or from state sponsored activities in failed states .
Reiterating his pitch for a cashless economy , Modi said , we also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions .
Terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence , Modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of September 30 , as stern action might be taken after that .
Speaking on hardships faced by the people in wake of Demonetisation , Modi said : many people in this country are uneducated , but we should be proud that they are ready to suffer problems to help the country get rid of corruption .
Modi said the Demonetisation process is a great move but not as big as the surgical strike .
Chief minister Naveenpatnaik has already announced his support for Demonetisation move of the centre .
Stressing that Demonetisation decision will have a positive impact on the economy , Arunjaitley said , this ( the move ) will have positive impact as far as the medium and long terms are concerned .
Calling Demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision , Arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , 2016 , chief minister Nitish Kumar was among the few None-Bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering Anti-Bjp forces .
Modi said the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency was to target those with unaccounted cash .
Banks had at least hoped that a rally in bond markets since Modi announced Demonetisation would boost Treasury gains , given lenders own around half of government debt .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:46 Istin Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Modi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
The prime minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption .
Kobe : prime minister Modi on Saturday said he was aware of the hardship people were facing in India because of the Demonetisation move , but emphasized that it was necessary in the larger interests of the nation .
Prime Minister Narendramodi and the government had earlier claimed that Demonetisation will put an end to black money , fake currency and terrorism .
Watch video : people que up at banks to exchange RS 500 & RS 1000 notes : heres what they Saidon whether the Demonetisation of RS 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money , Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out .
Karnataka milk Federation ( Kmf ) director , who looks into co-operative societies , Dr Babu said the societies started putting money directly to the Farmers/Producers account after Demonetisation move .
After Demonetisation , the poor are enjoying a sound sleep while rich are running from pillar to post to buy sleeping pills , Modi said as he tried to rally public support in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , picking up from where he left yesterday in his speeches laced with emotion and aggression in GOA and Belagavi .
Talking about Demonetisation , Modi said some people are still not able to sleep and are very upset because all their black money business is now accounted in banks .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move .
Black money fight against big people , not small traders : Pmghaziabad , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 20:13 Istprime minister Narendramodi today said the government 's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big Babus and that small traders need not worry .
Modi and his minions claimed Demonetisation will end black money , finish corruption , terminate terrorism , and bring only digital transactions .
Addressing the Indian diaspora in Japan , Modi said people back home were hailing his decision of rendering RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes invalid but some of them were being prodded to speak against the government because of politics .
Urging youngsters to adopts and download the Bihm app , PM Modi said the money saved on printing of notes , transportation and ATMs among others could be used for the betterment of the poor .
Pti file Photoa day after data showed Indias key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing , finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said Demonetisation did not see a 2 dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended .
The constitution 122Nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on August 8 , marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister Modi said was 'Crucial ' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'King ' .
Modi said the country had over the past few months witnessed an atmosphere in which people had in large numbers participated in the Digidhan movement for digital payments .
The economy was doing well and thus our decision was taken at the right time , a combative Modi said , peppering his speech with stinging attacks on the Congress for opposing the Demonetisation move .
( representational image ) the drive for digital payment channels and financial inclusion will ensure direct benefit transfers to Indians and will bring them in formal financial system , Naidu said .
India growing at 7-8 per cent is fairly reasonable in the current global context , finance minister Arunjaitley said today while maintaining that the decline in fourth quarter GDP print can not be attributed to Demonetisation alone .
( file photo ) finance minister Arun Jaitley today said the currency is in surplus and the ministry is monitoring status of ATMs on a daily basis to sort out operational issues .
Annapurna Singh , New Delhi , DH news service may 2 2017 , 14:20 Ista day after data showed India 's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing , finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said Demonetisation did not see a 2 dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended .
In his monthly radio address to the nation 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Modi on the occasion of Christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of RS 1,000 each by a lucky draw .
He said the impact of Demonetisation was temporary and was limited to consumption .
The way Nitish Kumar has acted out of the dotted line of politics and supported surgical strike and Demonetisation , he can similarly play a historic role by adopting a constructive attitude on the Ayodhya issue , said Modi .
Have been trying to analyse reasons for long queues , it has come to notice that same people are coming again at same place , Das said .
Speaking on Indian economy : the new normal in the aftermath of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said for the first time such a decision came which was difficult to implement because one has to confront with many challenges .
Addressing a rally ahead of the second phase of voting in Chhattisgarh on November 20 , Modi claimed the people did not have issues with Demonetisation , but only a family .
Countering the submissions , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said that old currency notes worth RS 8000 crore collected by Dccbs across the country have been allowed to be deposited in the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) .
Modi said after Demonetisation around 50 lakh workers started getting their pay by cheque and around one crore new Provident fund accounts were opened .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year , and said it was aimed at checking fake currency .
Prime Minister Modi told the NDA meet that the credit for Demonetisation will not go to him personally , but to all parties which stood with the govt , Naidu said .
Modi stated that the economy would come out much stronger after the implementation of the decision on Demonetisation .
Defending the Demonetisation drive , Arunjaitley said , even when there was global stress , we still manage to have respectable growth rates and we had the courage because of leadership of the prime minister .
Modi said he is happy that note ban has exposed the 'Kala Dhan ' ( black money ) as well as 'Kale Mann ' ( Ill-Intentions ) of many .
Asserting that the budget reflects commitment to eliminate corruption and black money , Modi said it provides for a comprehensive package of digital economy which will reduce tax evasion and help control black money .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency , Arunjaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals .
Notes hoarded by Anti-Nationals will be worthless notes hoarded by Anti-Nationals will be Worthlessmaking one of his boldest moves since assuming power , Prime Minister Narendra Modi Tuesday announced that RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes will be withdrawn from circulation at midnight , saying this decision was taken to break the grip of corruption and black money .
Bjp 's victory in Bypolls is a clear indication that people are fully supporting the decision to Demonetise RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes .
In Kanpur , Modi said Demonetisation is a step to promote digital transactions to check black money .
Modi said his government believes that efforts should be made to bring back black money and the government was doing that .
Our overall emphasis has been on faster decisions , bolder decisions , a cleaner economy , freedom from black money , freedom from corruption and a friendly environment for doing business so that the larger returns that come to the economy in terms of taxes can be spent on the poor of this country , Arunjaitley said , adding that it is the prime ministers approach which has been followed in the recently presented budget .
On black moneys link to terrorism , Modi said that enemies from across the border were running their operations using fake currency notes .
Modi said the note ban had disturbed the sleep of Congress leaders and their anger had not cooled .
These must be challenging times for the Congress wont to using black money during elections , Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal told et magazine .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a 'New normal ' for the country 's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move '' .
In his speech at a function in Pune , Modi said , enemies took advantage of the 14 lakh crore of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes in circulation .
Fm cites higher tax mop up to dismiss economic slowdown Fearsnew Delhi , Jan 9 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 13:42 Istdismissing concerns of slowdown due to Demonetisation , finance minister Arunjaitley today said both direct and indirect tax collections have shown robust increase during the April-December period , indicating uptick in economic activity including manufacturing .
Tough rules against black money have sent shivers down the spines of many who have come on one platform , Modi said in an oblique reference to the opposition parties who are grouping against the NDA .
The black money problem , Arunjaitley said , is a problem confined to few individuals .
Committed to attack graft : PM after BJP show in civic Pollsgonda ( up ) , Feb 24 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 15:50 Istbuoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
Earlier in the day , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said it was noticed that the same people were coming back again and again to exchange notes , causing the long queues and creating hassles for genuine people to get their cash .
Pushing for digital economy , Modi asked the youngsters at the rally to download the Bhim app and contribute to a cashless economy .
We find that many people are not able to reach the counter and same persons are visiting the counter multiple times and other people are not getting the benefits , '' Das said .
Mr. Das said the bold and decisive step to fight black money and the use of fake currency notes to finance terrorism was backed by analysis of Indias currency trends .
Special : experience the first 50 days after Demonetisation through 50 exclusive stories from Tnieterming the criticism , that almost the entire cash got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , as ill-informed , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
Guwahati : prime minister Modi today said the Demonetisation drive was a tough decision to take in view of the opposition parties ' constant efforts to turn people against it .
Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the scrapping of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , with an aim to weed out black money , counterfeit currency and terror funding .
In his speech to the joint sitting of both houses , president RAM said , the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace .
Hospitals should get cashless transaction system , says Parrikarmangaluru , DEC 26 , 2016 , Dhns : 23:36 Istdefence minister Manoharparrikar said that a cashless system should be introduced in all government and private hospitals across the country .
In his speech on the November 8 , Modi had said : to break the grip of corruption and black money , we have decided that the RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight , that is 8th November 2016 .
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax , excise tax and realisation of VAT by states , with the exception of two states , have gone up post Demonetisation .
New Delhi : vowing to carry forward the war against corruption and black money Post-Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said the government will soon Operationalise a strong law to effectively deal with 'Benami ' properties and this was just the beginning .
At a separate briefing Thursday , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that 50 per cent worth of the withdrawn currency would be in circulation by the end of the month .
Taking a cue from Advani , Punjab chief minister park said , a big issue has come up in the country NDA chief ministers should first give in writing and announce their assets and tell the government that it can seize any black money they have .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Prime Minister Narendramodi ( source : PTI photo/file ) prime minister Narendramodi ( source : PTI photo/file ) as part of his push for digital payments , Prime Minister Narendramodi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
When prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation , he had said the new year would see new India .
While appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which Demonetisation has shaped , PM Modi in his speech said the following : the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop , central bank .
On criticism that Demonetisation was a shock to the system , Modi said it was first necessary to consider whether the measure was needed .
Das said the RBI has a particular plan of action with regard to currency supply .
The impact of the Demonetisation and the GST is well behind us , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Thursday after the numbers were announced .
( PTI ) Kullu/Palampur : prime minister Modi has said that Effigy-Burning would not deter him from the fight against corruption and black money , alluding to the Congress 's call for protests on November 8 , the first anniversary of the Demonetisation .
Spelling out advantages of Demonetisation , Meghwal said that it will help lower interest rate .
The common men suffered for 70 years on account of black money , corruption and terrorism , Modi said .
People are happy about the fact that even Modi 's RS 1,000 notes are not usable anymore , Modi said .
The prime minister had the temerity to take such a hard decision to fight black money and corruption , he said .
Terming the decision historic , Jaitley said : What was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the prime minister has created a new Normaltoday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty .
Which is great for cashless economy , the PM said today in Nagpur , even as he mimicked Millennial users often portrayed with their heads downward flicking their fingers over their smartphones .
Demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a bigger , cleaner and real GDP , Arunjaitley told PTI at Karnali village , around 72 km from here .
And at a BJP parliamentary party meeting , Modi said his government had given prominence to Janshakti ( peoples power ) over Rajshakti ( state power ) through the Demonetisation decision .
Thanking the 125 crore citizens ( who have ) proved that for them truth and honesty is important despite inconveniences post Demonetisation , Modi said corruption , black money and counterfeit currency had crippled the common man .
Besides , a task force has been constituted to monitor circulation of fake currency notes in vulnerable areas and to keep a watch on black money being deposited in the system '' .
New Delhi , Aug 15 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 10:31 Istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said RS 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'Side effects ' .
Kumar had unambiguously praised Demonetisation hours after Prime Minister Modi announced the move on November 8 evening , even though the two other ruling allies in Bihar Rjd and Congress had been critical of it .
Meghwal said that after the Demonetisation move , the digital transactions at petrol pumps have shown a remarkable increase .
In an address to the nation on December 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said the note recall was aimed at tackling corruption , black money , terror funding and fake currency .
Prime Minister Modi announced the scrapping of old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 , 2016 , with an aim to weed out black money , counterfeit currency and terror funding .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced on November 8 last year the governments decision to scrap RS 500 and RS 1000 bank notes , in a move aimed at tackling black money .
Billing it as a major step to check corruption and tax evasion , Arunjaitley in his budget speech said that the government has accepted a suggestion by the special investigation team on black money in this regard .
Those indulging in or colluding with money laundering or converting black money into white will not be spared , economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a Tweet .
700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 21:29 Istaround 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Jaitley said the Demonetisation , coupled with the implementation of GST , will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the States , Facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that one of the main reasons for the long queues outside banks was that people were lining up several times to exchange notes , frustrating the efforts of others who have n't been able to change their notes even once since the shock announcement .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said small traders and businesses will get a tax advantage of more than 30 per cent for digital transactions .
I say what they are observing is a 'Black money support day ' , Naidu said .
In the same year , nearly a month after Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , it was reported that a record number of 564 Maoists surrendered in the last 28 days .
Govt doing everything on black money Issuenew Delhi , Feb 23 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:47 Istthe government is determined to take all possible steps to stop generation of black money , both domestically and globally , president Pranabmukherjee told a joint sitting of parliament on Monday .
By Iansshahdol : stepping up his attack on the Congress and the Gandhi family , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said the Gandhis are crying even two years after Demonetisation as they have lost ill-gotten money .
New Delhi : Union urban development minister Naidu on Thursday said that by creating a ruckus in parliament , the Congress was trying to wriggle out of the discussion over Demonetisation .
Expressing gratitude to the people , Modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment , 'Digidhan ' movement .
However , there will not be any problem with regard to ATMs functioning , RAM told reporters .
This will make digital payments easy even for those who can not read or write , thus realizing Ambedkar 's vision of social and financial empowerment for all , said Modi .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
It is looking for banks far and wide , Modi said in an apparent swipe at Thw BSP , which has come under scanner for alleged huge bank deposits post Demonetisation .
Watch video | find out what PM Narendra Modi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionannouncing these measures , finance minister Arunjaitley said there has been a movement towards digital transactions from cash transactions since the government announced its decision to cancel the old notes .
Describing Demonetisation as a very important decision , Modi said it worked wonders despite attempts by some quarters to derail the move .
Pti Photoasserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Speaking at the first meeting of the BJP parliamentary party in the winter session , Modi said the poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money , fake currency and corruption and his government is working to rid the country of these evils and make the economy stronger .
Prime Minister Modi had announced on November 8 last year the governments decision to scrap RS 500 and RS 1000 bank notes , in a move aimed at tackling black money .
It 's just beginning , says PM as BJP MPs endorse his 'Crusade'New Delhi , Nov 22 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 13:09 Istdemonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said as the BJP parliamentary party passed a unanimous resolution endorsing his great crusade .
Alluding to Rajiv Gandhi 's remark , Modi said Demonetisation brought back the 85 Paise which were disappearing due to corruption .
Das said the Remonetisation process has reached near completion in less than 90 days of announcement of the Demonetisation by the prime minister on November 8 .
Apart from continuing incursions from across the border , there was sufficient ground to believe that black money remained a serious concern despite a 86 old currency getting frozen overnight following the Demonetisation , said Amarindersingh , citing reports of frequent seizures of large sums of unaccounted for , new currency .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday asked bankers to help realise prime minister Narendra Modis appeal for a cashless economy .
The Indian economy was in good health when the government decided to scrap RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Modi said .
Speaking to express , park said , there is a myth , just like the myth post Demonetisation that prices would fall , that there is no demand for real estate .
To questions regarding change of rules 150 times after Demonetisation announcement , Modi said it was done to find ways to ease problems of people .
New Delhi : as the central governments financial agencies are going behind the people using rogue bank accounts to park their black money ; prime minister Modi on Sunday said that action would be taken against those guilty under Benami law .
The centres Demonetisation drive did not have any impact on Rabi sowing and prices of crops like paddy , SOYABEAN and maize , Niti Aayog member RAM has said .
Prime Minister Modi had announced Demonetisation of the RS 500/1000 notes on the night of November 8 .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Modi announced the withdrawal of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes to flush out High-Denomination fake currency , mostly printed in Pakistan .
Addressing a rally at Bandra Kurla complex here , Modi said while his government has launched the war from day one of assuming power , on November 8 at 8 PM it stuck a fatal blow to corruption and black money hoarders in the form of Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes .
Modi in his independence day speech had said that the government 's efforts to deal with the menace of black money were working and people have declared undisclosed income of about RS 6,500 crore .
Modi said the return of black money into the banking system had brought along with it a treasure trove of data that would help his government punish wrongdoers .
Last month , Prime Minister Modi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings , post Demonetisation .
In last week of December , during the Demonetisation period , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all .
After prime minister Modi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , 2016 , chief minister Nitish Kumar was among the few None-Bjp leaders who strongly supported it at the risk of angering Anti-Bjp forces .
Replying to a debate on demand for grants ( general budget ) , which the House passed by voice vote , Meghwal said the opposition has been questioning Demonetisation but the verdict in up and other states had proved people stood with PM Narendra Modi .
New Delhi : new measures to ease the impact of Demonetisation continued to trickle in on Wednesday even as prime minister Modi claimed that over 93 per cent of people who took his smartphone -based survey supported the move in his fight against black money .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
The decision would bring more transactions under tax net and both direct and indirect taxes would move up .
On the second day of the summit here , Modi said : fighting corruption , black money and tax evasion were central to effective financial governance .
Defending Demonetisation , Modi said the governments fight against corruption is not political .
Anta Poril Kola Dhonor Bepar ( the business of black money has come to end ) , Deshdrohir Uporot Poril Madho Mar ( traitors of the country have got beaten up ) , Anuprabeshkari Sokole Polabo Simapa ( infiltrators will have to flee across the border ) , Modi said as thousands cheered .
In its efforts to fight the black money menace as well as curb corruption , Prime Minister Modi on November 8 last year announced cancelling old RS 500 and 1,000 notes .
Sonowal said cashless payments have the potential to root out corruption from the system and urged the citizens to adopt cashless transactions as a way of life .
Ghazipur ( up ) : pummelling the Congress and other parties which are opposing Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi today said the corrupt were upset while the poor were enjoying a sound sleep after his decision and urged people to bear some inconvenience to root out graft .
Prime Minister Modi ( source : PTI photo/file ) prime minister Modi ( source : PTI photo/file ) as part of his push for digital payments , Prime Minister Modi today asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments Bharat interface for money ( Bhim ) app for transactions .
Last month , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said 37,000 shell companies indulging in tax evasion had been detected and more than three lakh firms were under the scanner for suspicious dealings , post Demonetisation .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arun Jaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Jaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
Referring to the November 8 Demonetisation of `500 and `1,000 notes , Modi said he knew that people with ill-gotten wealth will become his enemies but the people are with him .
( representational image ) on November 8 , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced his ambitious Demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption , black money and fake currency .
Let us accept the challenge , plan accordingly and make a cashless economy possible , Mr. Fadnavis said while addressing an Urgently-Convened meeting of the state level bankers committee ( Slbc ) in Mumbai .
In the long term , this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy , Jaitley said .
Last week , SBI chairperson Arundhatibhattacharya said that the merger of associate banks with SBI itself is on track and remains unaffected by the Demonetisation move .
Bharataiya Janata Party president Amitshah said on Friday that the Demonetisation has not affected the common people and only some politicians .
During an emotional address to the people in GOA , Prime Minister Modi yesterday said that he left his family and home to serve the nation , adding he understands the pain of the people who have been waiting in long queues to exchange their currencies .
According to the police , on November 8 when Prime Minister Modi announced the ban on RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Neel sunder had prepared fake bills worth RS 28 crore which was accumulated from his other associates in the guise of converting black money for 30 percent commission .
In his rally at Moradabad today , Modi said he was being targeted for cracking down on those with black money .
Terming the decision historic , Jaitley said : What was normal from last 70 years that this much in cash and this much in cheque but now the prime minister has created a new Normaltoday every honest citizen feels that a premium has been given for his honesty .
Speaking at the meeting , Modi said Demonetisation is not the end but the beginning of a long , deep and constant battle against black money and corruption and will benefit the poor and the common man .
Justifying the 2016 Demonetisation , Modi said it unearthed huge black money .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley today said the purpose of Demonetisation is served as it had led to larger and cleaner GDP .
On Demonetisation , Modi said his decision to ban notes has shaken Congress to the core after the black money that they had hoarded turned valueless and was taken away in one stroke .
Br Ambedkars grandson and former MP Prakash Ambedkar alleged that a major chunk of black money was deposited in the banks before November 8 , the day Modi announced Demonetisation .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced Demonetisation of currency notes in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Launching a stinging attack on the opposition party over corruption at an election rally in Sundernagar , Modi said the Congress campaign against Demonetisation was driven by its attempts to mislead the people and create an atmosphere against him before he can raise a storm over Benami assets .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi had yesterday said he was committed to root out corruption .
B'Cash crunch : finance minister Arunjaitley said the temporary shortage in certain States is being tackled quickly and that there is more than adequate currency in circulation .
Chief minister Akhileshyadav had announced financial assistance of RS 2 lakh for kin of economically backward families who die while waiting in queues at ATMs or banks .
Modi also said he used the bitter medicine of Demonetisation to bring back money into banking system and to give proper treatment to deep-rooted corruption system in the country .
With opposition parties questioning the government over benefits of the Demonetisation process , Arunjaitley said that tax authorities are conducting big data mining to zero in on those with income disproportionate to cash they deposited during the 50-day process .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitely told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
Demonetisation will help us achieve an honest economy and help improve the lots of the poor , said Modi .
This law will enable confiscation of Benami property and provide for prosecution , thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of Benami property , especially in real estate , Arunjaitley said .
Govt wo n't go soft on pursuit of black money : Jaitleynew Delhi , SEP 9 , 2015 , PTI : 12:51 Istrefusing to relent on the pursuit of black money , finance minister Arunjaitley today said the government will not go soft on bringing unaccounted wealth back into the formal system .
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax , excise tax and realisation of VAT by states , with the exception of two states , have gone up post Demonetisation .
Pm Modi announced Demonetisation in his address to the nation on November 8 claiming that the aim of the exercise was to hit at the heart of black money problem in the country .
Das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in Jan Dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money '' .
December 25 , 2016In this year 's last radio address to the nation 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Modi on the occasion of Christmas said 15,000 people who use digital payment modes will be given a reward of RS 1,000 each by a lucky draw .
( source : PTI photo ) stating that Demonetisation has had no impact on GDP , Prime Minister Narendramodi citing testimonials by Apple chief Tim Cook , Microsoft founder Bill Gates , World Bank chief Kristalina Georgieva , Nobel laureate for economics Muhammad Yunus and others , on Tuesday said that the world was looking at the bold move with a lot of respect .
He said more than RS 5 lakh crore of new currency have been circulated since November 8 .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi had announced the Demonetisation of RS . 500 and RS . 1,000 notes , thereby withdrawing 86 per cent or RS . 14 lakh crore worth currency from circulation .
However , the prime minister has redefined the old normal in India where black money , corruption and cash flow in elections was considered normal , Jaitley said , adding most activities earlier followed the practice of so much in cash and so much in cheque .
Speaking on Mondays protests against Demonetisation , RAM said they were not opposed to taking action against hoarders or eliminating fake currency .
There was some slowdown visible given the global situation even prior to Demonetisation in the last year , Arunjaitley said .
After prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation on November 8 , the current budget further aims to strengthen the countrys cashless economy .
On November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced the government 's decision to withdraw legal tender status of RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , a move aimed at eliminating black money and curbing terror financing .
If there is state funding of elections the use of black money will stop , Mamatabanerjee said in her first address to the assembly after taking charge of the state for a second term .
Responding to criticism of government on Demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy , Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal .
Defending the centres decision , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said the Demonetisation move had empowered the common man in the fight against black money , while taking a swing at the opposition and critics saying they were flustered as they were caught off guard .
The centre in its affidavit told the apex court that Demonetisation is a step to reduce ratio of cash transactions , adding the objective is to unearth illegal parallel economy .
Modi , who was speaking at the centenary celebrations of the Karnataka Lingayat education society here , said his government did not want to trouble the honest , but would not spare the dishonest as he defended the fight against black money and promised more steps to tackle the menace .
Addressing a rally here , Modi said , my justice is a little 'Karak ' ( strong ) - referring to the Demonetisation move to uproot corruption .
Black money fight against big people , not small traders : Pmghaziabad , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 20:13 Istprime minister Modi today said the government 's fight against black money was targeted at big people and big Babus and that small traders need not worry .
Referring to Demonetisation , he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period ( of November and December ) , the size of the formal economy was increasing .
The government has taken significant steps to check corruption and menace of black money in a short span of time , Modi said at the inauguration of sixth global focal point conference ( Gfpc ) on asset recovery here at Vigyan Bhavan .
Defending government 's decision to Demonetise RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , Arunjaitley said cash is the biggest facilitator of crime even though he agreed that there will be crime even if there is less cash .
Modi said there was no going back on his fight against corruption and hoarders of black money and alleged that those hit by his actions , including the Demonetisation move , are conspiring to hit back at him .
700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 8 , 2017 ( PTI ) 21:29 Istaround 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Naidu said the biggest achievement of Demonetisation was that money which was hiding in bed , bathrooms and iron safes had come back to banks .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
Read Morenew Delhi : the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace , president RAM said in his address to parliament on Thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective .
Read Morenew Delhi : the campaign against black money will be taken forward at a faster pace , president Ramnathkovind said in his address to parliament on Thursday and vowed that the government will make the zero tolerance policy against corruption more comprehensive and effective .
Modi said that while making the announcement to ban RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes , he was aware that people will face inconvenience but I had requested the people of India to bear this short-term Painfor long-term gain .
In his budget speech on Wednesday , Arunjaitley said the move was based on a proposal made by a special investigation team ( sit ) on black money .
Stating the move was essential in the fight against black money , Modi said the public could deposit their old notes at banks or post office accounts till December 30 .
Taking the nation by surprise , Prime Minister Modi on the night of November 8 announced Demonetisation of high-value notes with effect from midnight , in what he said was a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
Responding to criticism of government on Demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy , Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal .
In a Facebook post on the second anniversary of Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said in first four years of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government , the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6 .
The BJP leaders from across the country said that there is an overwhelming support for the governments bold move to fight black money and corruption , Union minister Naidu said .
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax , excise tax and realisation of VAT by states , with the exception of two states , have gone up post Demonetisation .
Responding to criticism of the number of notifications during implementation of the Demonetisation exercise TMCs Saugata Roy pointed out that rules were changed 150 times Modi said the upa government had changed rules of Mgnrega scheme 1,035 times in six years .
( source : Ani_News/Twitter ) former finance minister P RAM on Wednesday said the GDP of India would take a hit of at least one per cent if not two owing to the Demonetisation move by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Obviously there is some inconvenience for a couple of days or a couple of weeks , but that can not be an alibi that India continues to live ( with black money and parallel economy ) , Jaitley said .
Lauding Modis move against black money , chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said that the drive would eradicate black money from India .
These must be challenging times for the Congress wont to using black money during elections , '' Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal told et magazine .
When asked if the government has any plans to push digital payments for funding of political parties , Arunjaitley said : can I tell you this would inevitably will be a future course .
The poor and the lower and middle classes have suffered the most due to black money , counterfeit currency and corruption , said Modi .
Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has said the government 's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy .
He pointed out that the issue of his alleged foreign assets was first raised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he ( the Ppcc president ) was pitched against BJP 's Arun Jaitley in Amritsar during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections .
We can 'Clean ' India : Modimumbai , Nov 20 , 2016 , Dhns 1:09 Istindia would be free from all forms of filth in one generations time , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Saturday night , sending out a strong message that there is no looking back on the Mega-Drive against black money and corruption .
Digital payments are the future of financial transactions , Jaitley said at the Punjab National Bank app launching ceremony held here .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a 'New normal ' for the country 's economy by breaking all the stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move .
Replying to a debate in the Rajya Sabha on the Benami transactions ( prohibition ) amendment Bill 2016 , which was later passed by voice vote ( the Lok Sabha had passed it last week ) , Arunjaitley said a law alone could not solve the problem of black money but efforts would have to be made to create fear of law .
Collect details and prepare a comprehensive report on how Demonetisation has impaired the finances of anti-national elements and groups , '' Rajnathsingh told the intelligence agency at the inaugural of the 51st post-independence Dgps/Igps Conference-2016 at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel national police academy in Hyderabad on Friday .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
Committed to attack graft : PM after BJP show in civic Pollsgonda ( up ) , Feb 24 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 15:50 Istbuoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
New Delhi , DEC 2 , 2016 , ( PTI ) : 12:39 Istin a stern warning to black money hoarders , the finance ministry today said those indulging in money laundering activities and converting their ill-gotten money into white will not be spared as law-enforcement agencies are already chasing such trails '' .
Speaking after releasing two books on constitution in New Delhi , Prime Minister Modi said those who are criticizing the Demonetisation move do n't have problem with the government 's preparedness , but they are having problems because they did n't get time to prepare for turning their black money into white .
Reassuring the people that those having lawful money would have nothing to fear , Arunjaitley said this is a major setback to the parallel black money economy because a lot of currency operating outside the system will now have to be brought into the banking system .
The Demonetisation pulled them out and now the money is being used for your development , Modi said , pointing towards the crowd .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
As a result , what is happening is that the benefit of withdrawal of cash is getting restricted to a smaller number of Peopleto prevent such kind of misuse , the branches of banks will take recourse to the use of indelible ink marks for disbursement of cash .
Replying to a query about opposition parties attacking the government over the issue , he said , Prime Minister Modi while announcing the decision to invalidate RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 had said there will some inconvenience to people for the initial 50-day period after which the situation will ease out .
In response , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said that there is no shortage of funds as RS 100 notes are in circulation and the ATMs needed to be re-calibrated to issue new currency notes of RS 500 and RS 2,000 .
In the backdrop of the industry 's demand to reduce the proposed GST rates of 5 per cent , 12 per cent , 18 per cent and 28 per cent after Demonetisation , Cbec chairman Najib Shah said the centre and the States collected RS 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes , minus customs duty , and the same level of revenue had to be collected in the GST regime .
Earlier , Modi also said his governments war against corruption and black money was not a political fight and said it was meant to empower honest people .
Addressing his first public rally in Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh post the Demonetisation drive , Modi said : I want to assure you that your inconveniences will not go in vain .
Talking to reporters later , Manoharparrikar said those who sponsor terror will be affected by the Demonetisation .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Tuesday said that axis bank management has assured the government that it is taking action against the erring officials who are suspected to be involved in irregularities post Demonetisation .
Around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Modi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Extending his support to the Chamber of industrial and commercial undertakings ( Cicu ) , Ludhiana , Amarindersingh said the impact of Demonetisation on the States industries , already in the doldrums because of the Badal governments antagonistic policies , had been devastating .
Modi said the Demonetisation -- -- which has made the BJP unpopular , particularly in the rural areas -- - had led to the closure of many shell companies that were tools of the Congresss corruption .
Speaking to select media on the completion of two-and-a-half years rule of Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) government on Friday , RAM said the government would try to overcome the Demonetisation problems and speed up the government activities in the second half of the rule .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley told Rajya Sabha on Tuesday that the Remonetisation process moved smoothly after Demonetisation was announced and that there was no shortage of currency supply , even for a single day .
New Delhi : even while the opposition stayed adamant in attacking the manner of rollout of Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi told an all party meeting on Tuesday evening that the decision on scrapping old high denomination notes is a crusade against corruption and black money .
Promising a new nation in a new year and a clean-up of what he called the 70-year-old slush pile of black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi told his party MPs Tuesday that the decision to Demonetise notes of higher denomination was to help the poor .
( PTI ) presenting an early budget will have certain advantages and the move is part of prime minister Modi Modi 's economic reforms after Demonetisation , BJP leader Modi said today .
Responding to Noteban critics , Arunjaitley said Demonetisation has strengthen the economy and increased the government resources to fund poverty alleviation and infrastructure development programmes .
Around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha today , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
Jaitley further said the collection figures with regard to income tax , excise tax and realisation of VAT by states , with the exception of two states , have gone up post Demonetisation .
Speaking after releasing two books on constitution in New Delhi , Prime Minister Modi said those who are criticizing the Demonetisation move dont have problem with the governments preparedness , but they are having problems because they didnt get time to prepare for turning their black money into white .
Modi said opposition played all types of games in the last three months raking up issues like Demonetisation and surgical strike .
Months of meetings before note ban : Jaitleyfeb 8 , 2017 , New Delhi , Dhns 1:31 Istdemonetisation was not an easy decision for the government and it took several months and a number of closed-door meetings to decide on the note ban , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Tuesday .
Prime Minister Modi on Tuesday announced Demonetization of RS 500 and 1000 currency notes with effect from midnight , making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money , fake currency and corruption .
In his speech announcing Demonetisation in November 2016 , Modi had said that banning certain currency notes would curb black money and circulation of fake notes by terrorist outfits .
It clearly indicates that our target to integrate black money economy with the formal economy is happening , Arunjaitley said .
On the criticism that almost the entire cash money got deposited in the banks post Demonetisation , Arunjaitley said confiscation of currency was not an objective of Demonetisation .
Union finance minister Arunjaitley told the BJP MPs that the Demonetisation would help India embrace digital economy .
The number of persons under the tax net has increased by 91 lakh as unaccounted cash lost anonymity post note ban , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said on Wednesday the philosophy behind his budget is to spend more on identified success stories and carrying on with the governments campaign against black money , hours after unveiling measures to assure the country that the impact of Demonetisation would wear off soon .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said that the Demonetisation is due to sharp increase in circulation of these notes in the last five years .
Agra , Nov 20 , 2016 ( PTI ) 18:46 Istin Poll-Bound Uttar Pradesh , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said his Demonetisation decision had severly hit the parties whose leaders seek money in lieu of tickets for contesting assembly polls , in a veiled attack on BSP chief Mayawati who has been facing such allegations .
In an attempt to weed out black money , Prime Minister Narendramodi had announced the decision to scrap old RS 500 and RS 1,000 notes on November 8 last year .
I am getting your invaluable support for the second cleanliness drive , Modi said referring to the Demonetisation decision of his government aimed at tackling black money , corruption and terror funding as he addressed the global citizen festival here .
Mayawati and Mulayam Singh who were opposed to each other , came together on one issue when I waged a war on black money as they found that the ground was slipping under their feet , Modi said .
On November 8 , 2016 , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the withdrawal of RS 1,000 and RS 500 notes to flush out High-Denomination fake currency , mostly printed in Pakistan .
Watch video : people que up at banks to exchange RS 500 & RS 1000 notes : heres what they Saidon whether the Demonetisation of RS 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money , Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out .
The government has also formed a team of seven joint secretaries to monitor the supply of currency .
( source : PTI photo ) around 700 Maoists have surrendered Post-Demonetisation and funds to terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir have been choked , Prime Minister Narendramodi said in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday , while insisting that the note ban has had a direct impact on Naxalism and terrorism .
He emphasised that despite the difficulties being faced after Note-Ban , people were welcoming the move as they realised that the prime minister has displayed the required courage while taking a tough decision , aimed at curbing black money and getting it implemented .
By providing POS machines to traders , we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash , Fadnavis said .
Only those holding huge stashes of untaxed black money need worry , Modi said .
This will make digital payments easy even for those who can not read or write , thus realising Ambedkars vision of social and financial empowerment for all , Modi said .
Notebandi ( Demonetisation ) , prohibition and goods and services tax ( GST ) were very courageous steps , but many times I feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than Demonetisation , deputy chief minister Modi said at De-Addiction day celebrations in Patna in the presence of Nitish and prohibition , excise and registration minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav .
The decision on Demonetisation is a movement to clean India , Modi told lawmakers .
Watch what else is making news : in an apparent reference to criticism of Demonetisation by opposition parties , Arunjaitley also said there would have been complaints even before cash or currency was invented and even if it gets eliminated tomorrow .
( representational image ) on November 8 , Prime Minister Modi announced his ambitious Demonetisation policy initiative to attack the scourges of corruption , black money and fake currency .
On November 8 last year , Prime Minister Narendramodi announced the decision to Demonetise all 1,000- and 500 rupee notes in an effort to curb black money and corruption .
New Delhi : hitting out at those accusing the government of not being prepared for Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi said they are actually pained that they themselves did not get time to make any preparation .
Reiterating the need to move towards a cashless economy , Modi said once black money is eliminated from the system , it is essential to ensure that fresh black money is not generated .
In a statement to the media , Jaitley said , political parties have not been granted any exemption or privilege , post Demonetisation and introduction of taxation amendment act , 2016 .
Responding to allegations on the governments failure to bring back black money , Modi said had the upa government set up the special investigation team ( sit ) in 2011 as per a Supreme Court directive , the process would have started by now .
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency , Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals .
Watch video | find out what PM Narendramodi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionin the worlds largest democracy the Demonetisation was revolutionary : it called into question the States promise to pay the bearer the face value on every BANKNOTE .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis has asked district collectors to set up camps to educate the public about the benefits of cashless economy and train them in using this mode of transaction .
Prime Minister Narendramodi prime minister Narendramodi Modiprime minister Narendramodi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours , if any , undertaken by them during the last three months , an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted Demonetisation and other initiatives , sources said .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
In an interview to PTI , finance secretary Ashok Lavasa said over 1.7 lakh POS machines have already been installed at public distribution system ( PDS ) shops and more will be done in next few months .
The government has allowed citizens to deposit in their bank accounts old currency of RS 500 and RS 1,000 , which has been declared invalid in the countrys biggest crackdown on black money , corruption and counterfeit notes , between November 10 and December 30 .
In order to make transaction through cards cheaper , Das said RBI has asked national payments corporation of India to waive its various transaction charges .
And those who do n't have phones need simply use their Aadhar cards to make payments at Micro-Atms , Nilekani said .
In the long term , this landmark step will increase the size of official economy and reduce the shadow economy , Jaitley said .
Watch video | find out what PM Modi told cabinet over Demonetisation Decisionin the worlds largest democracy the Demonetisation was revolutionary : it called into question the States promise to pay the bearer the face value on every BANKNOTE .
Modi said his government was investing the money recovered Post-Demonetisation on carrying out public works and funding welfare schemes .
Replying that the government can not sit in every bank , attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said people should bear 70 days of discomfort as a revolution was taking place in the country after 70 years .
My governments aim is to realise that dream , Modi said while speaking at the prize distribution function of the month-long Digidhan contest launched in December for users of the digital transaction mode .
In last week of December , during the Demonetisation period , Prime Minister Modi had announced a scheme to boost real estate and provide affordable houses to all .
He said the government had reason to believe that the old notes were exchanged at a premium .
Bhubaneswar : Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said prime minister Narendra Modi has created a new normal for the countrys economy by breaking all stereotypes of the past through his Demonetisation move .
Months before prime minister Narendramodi announced Demonetisation and emphasised on cashless transaction in country , a low level government Karmachari in Jharkhands Latehar district seems to have become well versed with relevance of cashless transaction .
Ghaziapur : prime minister Modi on Monday said that the inconvenience faced by the common man due to Demonetisation will not go in vain .
After Modi announced the Demonetisation last year , Haasan had tweeted that this has to be lauded transcending party lines .
Defending the decision on Demonetisation , Modi said the menace of fake currency could not have been checked if such a big offensive was not initiated .
Modi at a rally in Agra yesterday said that political leaders behind Multi-Crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by Demonetisation , indirectly referring to Mamata Banerjee .
Referring to black money , Arunjaitley said the government is proceeding as per the rulebook , and added making public Defaulters names via a process other than judicial would indirectly benefit those stocking black money abroad .
Pti Photoaddressing party MPs at the Bjps parliamentary party meeting , finance minister Arunjaitley said that the prime minister has created a new normal of white transactions with the Demonetisation move and that this would lead to a jump in public spending in welfare activities .
Earlier , Arunjaitley in a Facebook post said Demonetisation has helped in formalising the economy , expanding tax base and earmarking more resources for the poor .
The Modi government is determined to tackle the black money issue , said Amitshah while addressing the media on the completion of one year of NDA government .
In the coming times more steps will be taken against black money , said Modi .
He had said the government has declared a decisive war against black money and corruption .
New Delhi : even as BJP MPs hailing from Uttar Pradesh claimed that the momentum in favour of the saffron outfit was sliding ahead of the assembly elections due to Demonetisation , Prime Minister Modi on Friday said that the nation is above party interests .
Addressing a rally in Ambikapur in Chhattisgarh ahead of the second phase of voting on November 20 , Modi claimed people did not have issues with Demonetisation , but only a family .
Prime Minister Modi in Rajya Sabha prime minister Modi in Rajya Sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in Rajya Sabha , Prime Minister Modi on Wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political .
The government also has plans to introduce RS 100 and RS 50 currency notes with a new design and enhanced security features .
Demonetisation curbed use of black money in the sector , Modi said , adding his decisions face problems in the beginning as he works ahead of time .
Even as there were reports that BJP leaders would stay away from the wedding that has come at a time when Prime Minister Modi has announced war on black money , there was a lineup of leaders of the party at the event .
The centre had submitted an affidavit last week on the Demonetisation move in the Supreme Court , saying it is an attempt to unearth black money stashed over the last seven decades .
It has been decided that for wedding ceremonies which are going on , up to RS 2.50 lakh will be permitted to be drawn from the bank account .
He expressed hope that the government would increase the number of Micro-Atms in the country to one million from the current 130,000 , and said cashless transactions will completely remove bureaucracy from the country .
Referring to Demonetisation , he said it has not impacted the economy as apprehended by experts and added that even during the stress period ( of November and December ) , the size of the formal economy was increasing .
New Delhi , Aug 15 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 10:31 Istcommitting to carry forward the fight against black money , Prime Minister Modi today said RS 6,500 crore of undisclosed foreign assets have been declared under the compliance window of the new law and the drive would continue despite its 'Side effects ' .
Digital Pushpushing for digital transactions , Modi said , everyone has right to use his or her money and no one stops them .
Buoyed by the success of his BJP in local body elections in Maharashtra and some other states after Demonetisation , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said he was committed to root out corruption .
New Delhi : asserting that hard cash in India would become obsolete in the near future , Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that digital payments like e-wallet system and mobile banking would rule the roost which would immensely benefit the people .
Responding to criticism of government on Demonetisation by Trinmool Congress MP Saugata Roy , Jaitley said cash is root cause of many problems including the chit fund fraud which was witnessed in West Bengal .
Lauding Modis move against black money , chief minister park said that the drive would eradicate black money from India .
Pm wants 50 PC farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 Yrsnew Delhi , Jan 31 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 14:22 Isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years .
Union urban development minister M.Venkaiahnaidu in Gandhinagar on Monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops .
Badal said that the state government was leaving no stone unturned to ensure that more and more such centres were opened in the state for the larger interest of the farmers adding that special thrust was being laid on promoting the cultivation of vegetables and citrus fruits through them .
( source : PTI ) despite the ongoing tension at the Indo-Pak border , the farmers in the States Border-Belt with Pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said on Sunday .
Addressing local farmers , Modi said that when he became the PM , sugarcane farmers were to be paid RS 14,000 crore .
According to reports , Modi told Pawar that Fadnavis would take a call on loan waiver .
Modi , who was replying to a debate on the motion of thanks to the president 's address , said his government wanted to make changes in the land act passed during the upa tenure because all the chief ministers had said it was against farmers ' interest and hampered development and infrastructure creation .
During the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
On the farm sector loan , Pranabmukherjee said , against the target of flow of RS 3,75,000 crore as agricultural credit in 2010-11 , the achievement has been over RS 4,46,000 crore .
In a bid to counter Patel who has been raising the issue of suicides by farmers , Modi also announced to hold a series of farmer development conventions at all the 115 dam sites in the region before October 7 , when the CM completes 11 years in office .
Vardhan said , Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country .
The enhanced fund limit by Nabard for district central cooperative banks will be passed on to the primary agricultural cooperative societies and they will get activated and will meet the crop loan requirement of the farmers for Rabi season , said Das .
Making Drought-Proofing a priority area , Arunjaitley said as many as 28 .
We will take action against those who fired at the farmers , he said , inviting cheers from the crowd that had braved scorching heat for over four hours to hear him speak .
Exhorting fish farmers in the presence of animal husbandry and fisheries minister Awadhesh Kumar Singh , agriculture minister Ramvichar RAI , cooperatives minister Alok Kumar Mehta and food and consumer protection minister Madan Sahni , to take a pledge to produce more fish to fulfil Bihar 's demand and also export to other states , Nitishkumar said the blue revolution in fisheries sector was a part of his concept of rainbow revolution to improve the income of people , raise their standard of living and bolster the revenue of the state .
Challenging Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses , Naidu said non-performing assets worth Lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule .
Chandigarh : addressing a protest rally at Chandigarh on Tuesday , former Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal advised farmers not to pay their debt stating that his successor captain Amarinder Singh had given them sworn affidavits stating he would pay their debts .
In his message , Siddaramaiah said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good North East monsoon that will raise the hopes for Rabi crops .
It 's not possible to release Tamil Nadu 's share as per the award as our ( Karnataka 's ) farmers very much need water during this four-month period , Siddaramaiah said in the assembly , briefing the members on the deliberations .
We are going to waive farm loans , Gandhi told the media here asserting that his party would fulfil the promise of waving loans of farmers in all the three states within 10 days of coming to power .
He added that hed meet chairmen and senior officials of nationalised banks about farm loans in their banks to seek their feedback on loan waiver and frame guidelines accordingly .
By Ptinew Delhi : the BJP government is sincerely working to solve the problems faced by farmers , who were treated merely as vote bank by previous governments , Prime Minister Modi said at the saffron party 's National Convention here Saturday .
The first guarantee given by any government should be that it will not let farmers die , Modi said .
Mentioning the government programmes , Modi said the crop insurance under the prime ministers Fasal BIMA Yojana has recorded a seven-fold jump in just one year of its launch .
Bjp in its Lok Kalyan Sankalp Patra ( manifesto ) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers , and prime minister Modi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the Partys government .
While claiming that total investments in agriculture sector would in his tenure of five years ( 2014-2019 ) would surpass the past records of 50 years , Fadnavis said , RS 34,000 crore loan waiver to 89 lakh farmers would reach the truly deserving and genuine individuals .
During his political address at Churu , Modi said that under the scheme , 1 crore small farmers had received RS 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts .
In response to a question , Amarindersingh said his government , which had inherited a bankrupt Punjab , had made a good start with the farm loan waiver and employment generation schemes .
At a meeting held with top officials of National Bank for agriculture and rural development ( Nabard ) , and the ministries of agriculture and finance , Fadnavis said , crop loan ( disbursements ) should be raised to cover larger number of farmers with an attempt to lessen their dependence on private money lenders .
Modi , who is trying to boost investment in industry that would create new jobs outside agriculture , said farmers should increase productivity so that they can prosper even as the average size of farms shrinks due to a growing population .
Misuse of relief Amountearlier in the day , speaking to reporters at the Mysore airport at Mandakalli in Mysuru , Siddaramaiah said on Friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them .
Assuring that his government was duty-bound to fulfill every promise made to the people in its election manifesto , Amarindersingh said the state had approached the union government for the loan waiver .
Besides taking a scientific approach to soil treatment and embarking upon a mammoth tree plantation drive , the CM said he has roped in experts from the Agro-Sector .
Pm-Kisan , which will involve a cost of RS 75,000 crore , will eventually enable farmers to increase their income , Modi claimed , adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts .
( source : Ani photo ) Rahulgandhi said he would force the Bjp-Led NDA government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers .
Now as we have started the waiver despite odds against us we will continue providing assistance and will reach out to all 10.25 lakh small and marginal farmers out of total 17.50 farming families in Punjab .
Fadnavis on Wednesday announced that the government would provide financial support of RS 1,500 per farmer up to two hectares for Resowing if necessary .
Bhopal : before ending his 28-Hour-Long fast , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan today announced a series of measures for farmers , including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act .
I am going to waive off farmers loans , Kumaraswamy told reporters in Bengaluru after being sworn in as chief minister .
Chief minister park on Sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of Gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of Indiabulls , and they can start tilling their land .
A sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers , Siddaramaiah said .
The ministers have been told to tour all Talukas and find out whether the steps taken and government schemes being implemented were reaching the farmers and whether the villagers had any grievances to make , he said .
During this interaction , Modi said he would be speaking to farmers on June 20 on developments and advancements in the agriculture sector .
Siddaramaiah also said that the four cabinet sub committees on drought will tour the Drought-Hit areas to review relief works .
Terming it as his scheme aimed at increasing productivity , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said the farmers will be paid RS 200 bonus on every quintal they sold to the government in the last Rabi season .
Making a strong outreach to the Crisis-Ridden farming community , Modi said the Kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information , such as weather , market and demand .
The ruling BJP does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern , and prime minister Modi announced a separate ministry for water called JAL Shakti .
Our mantra is to provide education to boys and girls , income for youth , irrigation facility to farmers and medicines to elders , Modi said .
Patna : India and China can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education , tourism , industry , agriculture and infrastructure technology , chief minister Nitishkumar on Thursday said while welcoming a 12-member Chinese delegation led by Communist Party of China secretary of Gansu province Lu Hao .
Laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design ( R & D ) to promote agriculture diversification in the state , Punjab chief minister Parkash Parkashsinghbadals on Tuesday said that these were the 'Temples of second green revolution ' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis .
Allocations for schemes in agriculture , rural development and infrastructure have been hiked , while electronic manufacturing and textiles have been specially marked for investment for job creation , Modi said .
( source : PTI photo ) exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of independence .
In his message , RAM said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good North East monsoon that will raise the hopes for Rabi crops .
After being conferred with the Cauvery award at a programme organised at Chandravana Ashrama near here as part of Navaratri celebrations , Kirankumar said that the satellites are used for collecting information on weather , for use in agriculture , education , communication , television and other fields .
You just count for 10 days our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt , said Gandhi .
Gandhi said , if farmers are in distress , waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken .
Reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing RS 4 to RS 5 per litre of milk , Siddaramaiah said the new price will come into effect from December 10 .
We have procured crops of RS 8,900 crore at the minimum support price ( MSP ) and will disburse RS 80,000 crore worth interest-free crop loans to the farmer by the end of this year , which will be highest in the country , she said .
However , Siddaramaiah earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped Lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at Apmcs .
New Delhi , may 26 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 18:21 Istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said the country can not move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent .
Neeraj Jain , Conveynor , Lokayat , Pune , said contract farming is paving way for the government to pull out of its traditional role and give way to Corporatisation of agriculture .
On a trip to villages in his Lambi assembly constituency last week , Badal , while speaking on the Amarinder Singh govts debt waiver scheme during an interaction with the media , said he was willing to talk to top brass of the government for the sake of debt-ridden farmers .
Heres a look : change in fiscal Yearin his opening remarks , Modi said that in a country like India where agricultural income is exceedingly important , budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year .
The SCO has a rich agenda for cooperation , ranging from fighting terrorism , separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity , commerce , customs , law , health and agriculture ; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk , and fostering people-to-people relations , Modi said in a pre-departure statement .
Kishore Tiwari , leader of farmers advocacy group Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti , said , hostile counselling alone will not work and distressed families should be assured of health , educational benefits , food security , special long-term loans for their daughters wedding .
Kau Vice-Chancellor R Babu said , the proposal to establish a Caast for knowledge and skill development on Coconut-Based secondary agriculture has been approved by the iCar .
All-Party delegation to be taken to Delhi to resolve sugar cane Issuebelagavi : July 1 , 2015 , Dhns 1:10 Istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories , chief minister Siddaramaiah has said .
( source : Ani photo ) Rahul Gandhi said he would force the Bjp-Led NDA government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers .
By Ianspalamau : in an obvious attack on the Congress , Prime Minister Modi on Saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans .
Our Pro-Poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people , free milk supply to students , interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state , RAM said .
The state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of RS 40,000-Crore income to farmers in the last one year in Maharashtra , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Friday .
At the meeting of the BJP parliamentary party yesterday , Prime Minister Narendramodi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by Congress-Ruled States and their chief ministers .
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers , Babu said , adding that RS 415 .
( source : PTI ) despite the ongoing tension at the Indo-Pak border , the farmers in the States Border-Belt with Pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost , Punjab chief minister park said on Sunday .
Uninterrupted power to farmers in two years : Piyush Goyalpatna , Nov 15 , 2014 , ( Ians ) : 17:38 Istthe Narendra Modi government will provide uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers across India in the next two years , Union power minister Piyushgoyal said Saturday .
Speaking at a rally after participating in a Padayatra with Rahul from Maidur to Gudagur in Ranebennur Taluk on Saturday , chief minister RAM said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from RS 2 lakh to RS 5 lakh .
Yesterday , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal had said that he would Denotify the land acquired for the Sutlej-Yamuna link ( Syl ) canal and return it to farmers .
Stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money , farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money , said Arunjaitley in Lok Sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes ( cessation of liabilities ) bill , 2017 .
Interacting with party workers during his visit to Hassan , on Sunday , Dr Harshvardhan said , the centre was Pro-Farmer and was concerned about chalking out plans for the overall development of the country .
Raje said earlier farmers used to get insurance of RS 50,000 on death or permanent disability under Raj Sahakar personal insurance scheme , which now has been increased to RS 10 lakh .
Modi said that these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government was a taking a number of steps to address them , said a press release from the prime ministers office .
Chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Monday claimed that nearly RS 30,000 crore reached farmers bank accounts in the last one year .
Fadnavis told the villagers , we are making effort to ensure the investment cost in the agriculture is reduced to minimise the financial losses incurred by the farmers .
The Congress vice president said he will force the Bjp-Led NDA government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers .
Niti Aayog vice-chairman Nagar Niti Aayog vice-chairman Arvind Panagariyaniti Aayog vice-chairman Nagar today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income .
Gandhi said his party had promised loan waiver for farmers during polls in Punjab and Karnataka and kept its word after coming to power in the two states .
In a recent letter to the prime minister , Siddaramaiah said his government is willing to consider waiving 50 of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request .
Last updated : 11 December , 2011Kolar/Chikkaballapur , December 11 , Dhns : 23:53 Iststrategy meet : in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in Districtssinking Borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of Kolar and Chikkaballapur , said Dr RAM , professor at the University of agriculture science , Bangalore .
Agriculture Minister RAM told toi that all officials had been instructed to prepare contingency plans to handle the eventuality of a monsoon failure .
Gurdaspur : Punjab chief minister captain Amarinder has announced to give debt relief certificates worth RS 156 .
To overcome the problem , Modi has asked scientists to work closely with farmers to introduce high-yielding crop varieties .
Modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions , but would potentially double tourism in the state .
Speaking to DH , farmer leader Sunanda RAM said , give us water , or give us compensation for crop loss .
Playing the Pro-Poor and Pro-Farmers card , a plank BJP has assiduously tried to claim for some time , Modi said the recent budget was all about them besides the middle class .
We have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers , Naidu told TDP lawmakers at a meeting at his residence .
Bikaner : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh today said 'The Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojna ( Pmksy ) ' will help deal with the menace of drought as more area will be covered under the irrigation scheme .
The bidding process and final bid price are prominently displayed to the farmers on a LCD screen in the auction floor , RAM said .
However , RAM earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped Lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at Apmcs .
Chief minister Yogiadityanath in a statement in the assembly on Tuesday said that his government has decided to provide subsidy to potato farmers for transportation of their produce to other places for better prices .
New Delhi , may 26 , 2015 , ( PTI ) : 18:21 Istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers , Prime Minister Modi today said the country can not move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent .
Earlier , Union home minister Rajnathsingh told the gathering that the NDA government had raised the amount of compensation to farmers who suffered due to vagaries of nature .
Mumbai : chief minister Devendrafadnavis on Sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application .
In April this year , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had told the Indian express that the government has put in several plans in place to reduce the farmer suicides and the efforts will take time to show results .
Modi had said that as millions of people buy Pepsi and Coke the companies could put 5 per cent natural juice in their drinks and it would help farmers make a lot of money and not throw their fruits away .
Meanwhile , Siddaramaiah on Sunday told reporters in Mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver .
When specifically asked as to what he found out after interacting with farmers , Fadnavis said , when I spoke to farmers and villagers , they seemed satisfied with schemes being implemented by the government .
Maharashtra BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday said the state would have a separate budget for agriculture to tackle the socio-economic problems of farmers , if the Bjp-Led alliance was voted to power .
In order to give them some relief , we have decided to buy 28,000 tonnes of potato per month directly from the farmers for mid-day meal scheme and Anganwadi centres , Mamatabanerjee said .
Speaking at an interactive session with the members of merchants Chamber of commerce and industry in Kolkata on Thursday , Smritiirani said , NSC will supply these certified seeds to the jute farmers in the state through different central and state government agencies .
The fund was released based on recommendations were by a high-level team of officials from the centre which visited Drought-Hit areas recently , Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh told reporters here .
During Afghan President Ashraf Ghani 's visit to India last week , Prime Minister Modi announced allocation of USD 1 billion to Afghanistan to meet requirements for capacity and capability building in spheres like education , health , agriculture , skill development , empowerment of women , energy , infrastructure and strengthening of democratic institutions .
Bhopal : chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Saturday announced major sops for farmers , including an export agency to help them sell their produce outside the country and bonus of RS 100 per quintal for gram , lentil and mustard in addition to MSP .
Chhapar ( Ludhiana ) : amid ongoing protests by farmers over meagre compensation for the cotton crop loss in Malwa , Punjab chief minister Parkash Parkashsinghbadals announced RS 600-Crore relief for the farming community here on Monday .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
Chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers ( file photo ) chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers ( file photo ) in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on Tuesday in Madhya Pradesh , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers .
Recalling the contributions of the Wadiyar kings , especially Nalvadi , to all fields to make Mysuru a welfare state , including education , agriculture , irrigation , and industries , Siddaramaiah said , since he became chief minister , roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of RS 1,580 crore .
Modi also said that food processing , dairy , agriculture and the related areas , including their supply chain , have a lot of scope for cooperation .
Modi said farmers should employ modern techniques like greenhouse farming , Tent-House and Polyhouse farming .
Partys general secretary Digvijaya Singh asked : upa had waived loans of farmers worth RS 72,000 crore .
I live for the farmers , Modi said as he appealed to the agriculture community to make ample use of the crop insurance scheme as it will help them during the time of crisis .
Action will be taken as per law , against all those ( Mills ) not abiding by the law , Siddaramaiah told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers .
Amid the din , parliamentary affairs minister M Naidu said the government was ready to discuss the farmer 's suicide , which is a important , serious and urgent .
They are urging prosperous farmers to undertake hydroponic experiments and help bridge the gap in supply of fodder in their respective villages .
You just count for 10 days our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt , said Gandhi .
Highlighting Pradhan Mantri Kisan BIMA Yojna , Smritiirani said that the centre has approved Kisan Vihaan Kendra in Amethi and if the state government provide land it would be started soon .
In Madhya Pradesh , where five farmers were shot dead by police during a protest on June 6 , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said purchasing farm produce at rates lower than the minimum support price ( MSP ) will be treated as a crime .
Karnataka milk Federation ( Kmf ) director , who looks into co-operative societies , Dr Babu said the societies started putting money directly to the Farmers/Producers account after Demonetisation move .
Earlier , a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on June 3 .
While pitching in for a deeper India-Africa partnership on clean energy , sustainable habitats , public transport and climate resilient agriculture , Modi said it is also true that the excess of few can not become the burden of many .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavisaurangabad : the Maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched Marathwada region free of drought , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Tuesday .
Reiterating his governments commitment to the poor , farmer and women , Modi said keeping his promise over 1500 villages had received electricity during the last two and a half years .
Prime Minister Narendramodi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently , also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial Drought-Prone areas .
State seeks RS 362 crore for flood Reliefbangalore , Oct 31 , 2014 , Dhns : 13:10 Istcentral teams will visit Drought-Hit areas on Nov 7 and 8 : Cmchief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams , which visited nine flood affected districts , about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of RS 362 crore it had sought .
Skeptical about up farm loan Waiveron the Uttar Pradesh government waiving farm loans , benefiting 86 lakh farmers , Siddaramaiah said he does not know if the centre had chipped in .
Earlier , Mamatabanerjee had announced that land would be returned to farmers after the end of Durga Puja .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das told Presspersons that the RS . 21,000 crore would enable these banks to sanction and disburse crop loans to farmers through the network of primary agricultural cooperative societies .
Modi , who has set a target of doubling farmers income by 2022 , said work was underway on reforming the agriculture market .
Siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release RS 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 Taluks are reeling under drought .
When pointed out that government officials were allegedly not put in their might to stop the farmer suicide saga , Fadnavis said all efforts are underway and things would soon change in Marathwada .
Cm warns of action against usurious Lendersjuly 19 , 2015 , Bengaluru , Dhns 1:16 Istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Saturday .
Clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink Bollworm attack , Fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process .
According to a note being circulated by the Department of economic affairs within the government , Modi has asked the officials to seek Aiib fund particularly for Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana ( prime ministers agricultural irrigation scheme ) or Pmksy , rural housing programme and some projects in railway sector on priority .
It has not given funds for drinking water and fodder , which we had sought , RAM said , adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought .
Punjab chief minister park ( file photo ) Punjab chief minister park on Monday announced a grant of RS 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the Whitefly menace .
Devendra Fadnavis ( file ) Devendrafadnavis ( file ) while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints , it will not impact development projects in Maharashtra , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Saturday .
In the first meeting of the CWC since the prime minister declared that land ordinance would not be Repromulgated , Gandhi said that due to Congress ' sustained campaign , the government has been compelled to withdraw its Anti-Farmer amendments .
Modi also said the Poorvanchal and Bundelkhand Expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity .
There can not be any justification to financial institutions turning down loans to farmers on the pretext of Non-Recovery or outstanding debt , Fadnavis said .
Protecting the interest of the farmers , their right to fair compensation , rehabilitation , resettlement and financial compensation has been refined , Pranabmukherjee told the joint sitting of parliament on the opening day of the budget session .
Talking about the governments objective of doubling the farmers income by 2022 , Modi said Swaminathan had recently given him some suggestions on which he was working .
( file photo ) Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis has said that Micro-Irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity .
4 : prime minister Manmohansingh today asked States to waive local taxes , including Octroi , as well as reform the outdated agriculture produce marketing committee act , or Mandi act , to help control a runaway food inflation .
Crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up , RAM said during zero hour , adding crop insurance coverage is being increased .
Dcc president t P RAM said the budget has announced welfare programmes for farmers , women and deprived class .
Deputy commissioner Babu said the assessment of the damages in the district is on and initiatives would be taken to benefit the farmers according to the governments direction .
Speaking further , Nitishkumar said that restoration of Lakhandei to its old course was very important because its drying up and the river shifting and taking another course had led to a situation in which farmers were not getting water for irrigating their crops .
It 's not possible to release Tamil Nadu 's share as per the award as our ( Karnataka 's ) farmers very much need water during this four-month period , RAM said in the assembly , briefing the members on the deliberations .
Modi said up , Tamil Nadu Maharashtra and other governments have submitted the list and their farmers are getting the benefits .
If theres no loan waiver after that , we should put up a fight to ensure Kumaraswamy is stripped of power , he said .
The Congress government , on the other hand , had waived over RS 70,000 crore in farm loans across the country , he added .
At the States annual Kharif review meeting held on Friday , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture , water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture ( and allied sector ) growth from 12 .
We have written to IPC bank to examine amount as shown in list of beneficiaries with loan amount they had actually borrowed and the revised list with actual figure of loan amount should be further sent to state government to square accounts of farmers agriculture loan , assistant commissioner ( cooperative ) Babu said .
Chief minister RAM who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting , said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts .
Sugar minister H s RAM said water resources minister M B Patil would hold a meeting of sugar cane farmers and factory owners in Bijapur on Thursday to resolve local issues pertaining to payment of sugar cane dues .
Prime Minister Modi , while addressing Kisan Morcha Karyakartas of Karnataka through Modi ( Namo ) app , said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer 's condition .
Compensationsuresh RAM said he would make all efforts to ensure that the farmers who had lost their land under the Hemavathi scheme , will get compensation at the earliest .
His observation is in contrast with its alliance partner Congress demand for a complete loan waiver .
Chief minister Parkash Parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given `3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account .
Hyderabad : MA & UD minister KT RAM said on Saturday that people of Andhra Pradesh were so impressed with the Farmer-Friendly measures implemented by chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao that the Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) may branch out to AP .
Farmers in Maharashtra , who had been on a war path from June 1 to press for their various demands , had on June 11 called off their stir after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them .
The decision has helped to get rid of exploitation of farmers by private money lenders , Fadnavis said on Sunday .
This would be complete with strong Agro-Industrial linkages to ensure assured dividends to small and marginal farmers in 14 Suicide-Prone districts , Fadnavis said .
I am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local Tribals here , Modi said .
Lawyer-Turned-Organic farmer and founder of the green path , H R RAM said : the festival enables farmers to sell their produce directly to consumers .
Later in the day , Punjab chief minister park said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from Tuesday , and RS 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours .
Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani on Sunday announced changes in the norms for spending annual grant of RS 1 crore to each MLA for local area development ( lad ) to help projects like Swachh Bharat mission and farmers market , as per the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Sunday announced loans for farmers and their wards under an entrepreneurship scheme , in his maiden talk show , Dil se , akin to prime Minsiter Narendra Modis monthly radio address , Mann Ki Baat .
Yesterday , Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis had said the government will announce a loan waiver before October 31 and about 1 .
Pm wants 50 PC farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 Yrsnew Delhi , Jan 31 , 2016 , ( PTI ) 14:22 Isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme , Prime Minister Modi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years .
Meanwhile , in an effort to cool tempers , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced more sops for the farmers .
The developments come a day after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced that Maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before October 31 , which will benefit 1 .
During the deliberations , the chief minister informed the delegation , led by the chairman of Punjab Mandi board Ajmer Singh Lakhowal , that the state government has already released funds worth RS 80 crore to ensure free crop loan of farmers UpTo RS 50000 .
Mumbai : after his controversial remarks on reservations NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Tuesday demanded quotas for farmers to tackle the agrarian crisis and halt the sudden spurt in suicides .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis on Thursday asked district officials in Drought-Hit Parbhani district in the Marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers .
From seed to market , give all facilities to the farmers , Modi said .
During the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors like oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
Our government has brought the most comprehensive Fasal BIMA Yojana for the farmers , says Modi .
Sugar minister H s RAM said none of the sugar factories across the country had cleared dues of farmers within 14 days of procurement of sugar cane .
Let centre also waive farm loans , cm Sayshubballi , Oct 02 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:35 Ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks , chief minister RAM asked BJP leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks , or , at least the interest .
Fadnavis said , the state has decided to include 25 lakh farmers in value chain for all major crops .
This would be in addition to the RS 25,000 crore promised by the state government to mobilise resources through agriculture tax to invest in the farm sector .
Modi also said that soil health cards were given to 14 crore farmers in the country , including 1 .
We have been told to launch a special drive to get those farmers who are in need to avail of the scheme .
In September 2014 , Modi had asked multinational cola giants PepsiCo and Coca-Cola to help Indian farmers in increasing their fruit sales by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks .
Modi said he needs the maximum help from people about spreading awareness regarding the Pradhan Mantri crop insurance scheme which was launched earlier this month .
Flaunts States achievements across power , agricultural and other sectors , Modi says this makes the model worthy of transplantation across the country .
Addressing the convention organised by the Bharatiya Janata party at the Angadi Institute of technology and management , Modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said Nabard provides refinance to approved financial institutions out of the NRC ( long term operation ) fund and NRC ( stabilisation ) fund for undertaking agricultural activities .
In his address at 'Future India : science and technology at the science Congress ' , Modi said , today 's new slogan is Jai Jawan , Jai Kisan , Jai Vigyan and Jai Anusandhan .
Claim : Mr Modi claimed that the governments schemes will double farmers income by 2022 .
In the run-up to the elections , his party had promised to effect a complete loan waiver within 24Hours of coming to power .
If every farmer can grow a few trees , he adds to his income , while the country cuts down import , Modi said .
Lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses I have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it , how to do genetic engineering in it , how to increase productivity , how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices , Modi said .
Elaborating on his fate line comment , Modi said the tunnel will greatly benefit the people of Kashmir , particularly the farmers who would suffer losses because their produce like fruits and vegetables would perish due to prolonging of their journeys from the valley to other parts of the country .
Now it is time to do a bit for the farmer who ensure food security of the country , Badal , who was speaking in Punjabi , said referring to the slogan 'Jai Jawan , Jai Kisan ' given by late prime minister LAL Bahadur Shastri , which Modi too had echoed as a poll promise .
Stating that agriculture remains a most potent sector to push up country 's economy , Modi said the farmers should be led towards modern amenities and his government 's efforts to distribute soil health cards is a sincere attempt towards that endeavour .
We have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers , Babu told TDP lawmakers at a meeting at his residence .
Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhararaje in the budget for 2018-19 announced a one-time loan waiver of up to RS 50,000 for small and marginal farmers along with a budgetary provision of RS 2,000 crore .
Modi said the budget had focussed on womens empowerment , the housing sector and agriculture .
Improved insurance coverage to crops is being ensured under the PM Fasal BIMA Yojna , Naidu said , while pointing towards other initiatives such as soil health cards , organic farming , Agri-Markets , Kisan Suvidha and better minimum support prices .
Later in the day , ending his road show in the old city , Rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like Mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers .
So far , an amount of RS . 999.67 crore had been disbursed as relief to about 2.02 lakh farmers , he added .
Our Pro-Poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people , free milk supply to students , interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state , Siddaramaiah said .
Inaugurating the first international Agro-Biodiversity Congress here in the National Capital , Prime Minister Modi said it was high time that the stakeholders in the agriculture sector change the way they look at preserving the Agro-Biodiversity and its inhabitants .
Because , if a farmer joins the scheme , he will get a huge help during a natural calamity , Modi said .
Assuring the farmers about the governments focus on agriculture , Pranabmukherjee said : my government has taken various steps to transform the lives of our farmers .
Making a statement in the assembly later in the day , Siddaramaiah said : it is not possible to release Tamil Nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period .
In a bid to tackle drought effectively , the Maharashtra government has planned to link its water conservation projects with environmental preservation .
With regard to taxation of agriculture income , Jaitley said centre does not have the power to impose tax on agriculture .
Referring to Isros feat , Modi said scientists had brought laurels to the nation and felt that the launch will be of great help in mapping of resources , evaluating development and help farmers .
The additional tax for crop compensation , crop insurance and integrated watershed management was levied in October 2015 after severe agrarian crisis in several parts of the state .
We will form government in Uttar Pradesh , will waive loans of small farmers , Modi said .
Boosting Moralewith collective initiative , we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis , chief minister Devendrafadnavis has said .
Speaking to reporters in Bengaluru , RAM said that Rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in Mandya district on October 9 .
By Ptinew Delhi : the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future , Congress president Rahulgandhi said on Friday and called for a farm loan waiver .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah , who described Puttaiah as a model farmer , said , though the latter lacks education ( he quit studies while in class eight ) , he has vast experience in agriculture .
We dont want an India where only a handful get everything , fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers , Rahul said .
The state government has issued a clear target to the financial institutions to ensure allocation of agriculture loans and credit disbursement is also enhanced to arrest the dependence of over 70 per cent of the farming community on private money lenders .
On farm loans , cm Devendra Fadnavis said the centre was positive about Institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share .
It will also help farmers earn more , Modi said .
At the core of all my governments policies is the welfare of the Garib , Dalit , Pidit , Shoshit , Vanchit , Kisan , Shramik and Yuva , Pranabmukherjee said in his address .
Coke heeds to PM 's call , to launch fizzy drink with fruit Juicenew Delhi , Feb 11 , 2016 , ( PTI ) : 14:48 Istbeverages giant Coca-Cola is set to launch a new 'Juice with fizz ' drink , more than a year after Prime Minister Narendramodi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help Indian farmers increase sales .
District president of Bhartiya Kisan Union ( Bku ) , Digambar Singh , said , chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced that 18 hours of power will be supplied in rural area and 24 hours in district headquarters .
Reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans , chief minister H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys on Sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so .
Yogi Yogiadityanath ( source : file photo ) Yogiadityanath ( source : file photo ) Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath has said that exploitation of farmers will not be tolerated , and officials , who ignore their interests , will not be spared .
We are fully committed to double the income of farmers by 2022 , says PM Modi Modi .
Gandhi said the agriculture loans of farmers in Madhya Pradesh , including the kin of former chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , have been waived by the Congress government in the state .
Chief minister Prithvirajchavan said talks were on with the Karnataka government to get water from the Almatti dam to tackle the worsening drought situation in the state .
Capt Amarindersingh , who met Congress president Rahul Gandhi earlier in the day , said prime minister Narendra Modis allegations on the Punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect .
Faridkot Sub-Divisional magistrate ( SDM ) Gurjit Singh said the government has issued guidelines to make people aware that loan of the remaining farmers will be waived off in the next phase .
This story is from December 12 , 2018Picture used for representational purpose Onlydownload the times of India news app for latest Citybhopal : a year after the incident of firing in Mandsaur leading to death of six farmers , the Congress president Rahulgandhi in June this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in Madhya Pradesh .
Pti Photothe Odisha Govenrment will explore the proposal to waive agricultural loans of farmers in the state , chief minister Naveenpatnaik said on Wednesday .
The committee that will be set up to monitor its implementation will have farmer representatives and ministers .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time .
On charges of AP copying Telangana schemes , Babu said Andhra Pradesh achieved 11 growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of Telangana stands at 0 .
But prime minister Modi told a rally of farmers at Sehore , about 40km west of capital Bhopal , his governments Farmer-Friendly insurance is Criticism-Proof .
Raje said in this scheme , after waiving off interest and penalty on overdue loan till September 30 , 2017 , of small and marginal farmers , loan up to RS 50,000 have been waived off from the remaining loan .
Reminding the gathering that the upa government had waived farmers loans worth around RS 70,000 crore , Rahul said that Congress leaders including him , the then prime minister Manmohan Singh as well as party president Sonia Gandhi had held a big rally to inform the public about loan waivers .
Mumbai : cm Devendrafadnavis told toi on Tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001 .
He also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community , RAM said .
Fee waiver for farmers ' kids in Drought-Hit Areasdharwad , SEP 22 , 2013 , Dhns : 13:44 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of Drought-Affected areas in the state .
The new capital region will be just 18Km from the Krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely , Babu said , trying to allay their fears .
We are ready to render all possible support to our farmers , Babu said .
The lake is being renovated at a cost of RS 17 crore and on completion , about 23,000 acre of land would get irrigation facilities , Manoharlalkhattar said .
( source : Ani photo ) Rajnathsingh on Thursday said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man .
On Friday , as he got up to welcome M Venkaiah Naidu as Rajya Sabha chairman , PM Narendramodi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our Constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on April 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains .
Once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres , Modi said .
Press trust of India , Dharwad , May 28 2017 , 0:17 Istthe future of agriculture in India depends on reclaiming 147 million hectares of land which has been degraded for various reasons , a s Kirankumar , the chairman of Indian space research organisation ( ISRO ) , has said .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah announced cloud seeding , in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts .
Rahul Gandhi in Congress president Gandhi addresses an election campaign rally for Lok Sabha polls , in Samastipur , ( PTI ) Congress president Gandhi on Tuesday said no farmer in the country will be jailed for not repaying loans if his party comes to power at the centre .
Prime Minister Narendramodi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years .
Works under the Jalyukt Shivar-Aimed at a drought proof Maharashtra would have to be completed in these districts before June 15 .
Making a strong outreach to the Crisis-Ridden farming community , Modi said the Kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information , such as weather , market and demand .
The makers of our Constitution laid such strong foundation of Indian democracy that today people holding constitutional posts are those who represent poor and marginalised and do not come from rich background , said Modi , referring to Naidu who is a farmers son .
During his poll campaign , Prime Minister Narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the BJP would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley ( file photo ) finance minister Arunjaitley ( file photo ) finance minister Arunjaitley on Wednesday said the government does not plan to impose any tax on agricultural income , dismissing the suggestion of Niti Aayog member Bibek Debroy .
Kumaraswamy also said he would call a meeting of representatives of nationalised banks in 2-3 days and seek information about farm loans extended by them .
Rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives : Siddaramaiahbengaluru , July 25 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:58 Istcongress vice president Rahul Gandhi will soon visit Karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently , chief minister Siddaramaiah said on Friday .
Naidu also said that all the farm and gold loans taken by farmers will be waived by the government by January 22 .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on Saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture , saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject .
In his closing remarks at the meet , Modi also said that corporate investment in agriculture is very low in India and urged the state governments to formulate policies to promote industry participation in the farm sector .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government .
On Friday , as he got up to welcome M Venkaiah Naidu as Rajya Sabha chairman , PM Modi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our Constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners .
Chief minister Parkash Parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given RS 3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account .
Speaking to reporters after the Congress legislature party meeting on Friday morning , Kpcc president g RAM , who is yet to be relieved as home minister , said that all cases registered against farmers during protests , whether it was Cauvery riots , Mahadayi waters issue or protests by sugarcane growers seeking payment of their dues , would be withdrawn .
The success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern India and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality , said Modi .
Modi said on Ambedkar Jayanti on April 14 he would launch National agriculture market E-Platform for farmers enabling them to know market price of their produce through mobile phones .
These can be converted into opportunities if you ( farmers ) help me and states implement the various schemes properly , Modi said .
Addressing a rally in February , Modi said farmers are his top priority and explained that top means tomato , onion and potato .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis on Friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in Maharashtra .
Action will be taken as per law , against all those ( Mills ) not abiding by the law , RAM told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers .
During his Africa visit , there were discussions on encouraging engagement , especially in the areas of agriculture , health , pharmaceuticals , ICT , minerals and mining , diamond trading , railways and infrastructure and logistics , Naidu said .
This has gone a long way in tackling the agrarian crisis .
Prime minster Narendramodi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022 , and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the BJP out of power , he added .
The ruling BJP does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern , and prime minister Narendramodi announced a separate ministry for water called JAL Shakti .
Prime Minister Modi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years .
At a time when people are distressed due to the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes by the union government , RAM has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector .
It is for agro product value addition , Modi said after laying the foundation stone of an agriculture research institute in northern Assams Gogamukh .
Ap announces debt cut for Farmershyderabad , DEC 4 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:08 Istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of Andhra Pradesh , chief minister Narachandrababunaidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding RS 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013 .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , RAM said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Purnendu Bera of Nandigrams Gokulnagar village said : on the very first day after taking oath as chief minister , Mamatabanerjee had announced that the land taken from unwilling farmers in Singur would be returned .
Guwahati : prime minister Modi on Friday announced a food processing scheme , Sampada to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers income .
People from far and wide will land here to study agriculture adding to the prosperity and Urbanisation of the region , Nitishkumar said .
Cong wo n't allow govt to take land of farmers easily : Rahulanantapur ( AP ) , July 24 , 2015 , PTI : 12:58 Isthitting out at the NDA government over the contentious land bill , Congress vice president Gandhi today said he would not let prime minister Narendra Modi take farmers ' land easily .
To ensure farmers get credit at lower rate , the chief minister said that the government should raise the subsidy from 2 per cent to 3 per cent on crop loans for cooperatives .
We would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with Kenyan farmers , said Modi at a joint press conference with Kenyatta .
Fadnavis said the immediate concern is to provide relief to farmers .
Kishore Tiwari , activist who heads the commission for farmers in distressed districts , said , the biggest relief to farmers during the drought is assured food and health care .
Fadnavis also said increasing investment in agriculture , making farmers capable and ensuring that a majority of farmers opt for crop insurance would be the best way to tackle situations such as drought .
Speaking at the opening ceremony for the ninth edition of the Hugely-Popular league , Shukla said , the IPL and BCCI are committed to the welfare of the farmers .
Naidu announces schedule for massive loan waiver Initiativehyderabad , DEC 4 , 2014 , ( PTI ) 19:39 Istseeking to fulfill a key election promise , Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Naidu today announced to waive off farm loan of up to RS 1 .
By 2022 when the country would be celebrating the 75th year of its independence , the income of an Indian farmer should be more than two times what he is earning now , Modi said while addressing a farmers rally in Bargarh town in Odisha .
Chief minister RAM announced cloud seeding , in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts .
Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Friday said that the nation can not be prosperous unless the farmers of the country earn more .
Earlier , Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than RS one lakh costing the Exchequer to the tune of RS 36,000 crore .
Siddaramaiah also said that the prime minister promised him to study the proposal on granting fund and take immediate steps to release RS 723 crore for Disbursal among farmers who have suffered crop loss during the Rabi season .
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture , Siddaramaiah said , Karnataka is in the forefront .
Terming the rail Roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate , Punjab chief minister Parkash Parkashsinghbadals said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry .
Drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of Indira Gandhi and Modi , RAM said the former took a revolutionary step to Nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers , Daily-Wagers and others to avail benefits of banking .
Water and power are two things we are committed to provide to farmers to make them self-reliant .
( file photo ) Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said in Lok Sabha Thursday that he would be happy if the new BJP government in Uttar Pradesh waived farm loans as promised by the party before the assembly elections .
Now , with the government extending its loan waiver scheme to all debt-ridden farmers who had taken loans between 2001 and 2016 , around 60 to 67 lakh farmers are set to benefit .
But for realising the slogan of 'Jai Jawan , Jai Kisan ' , the plight of farmers should also be addressed , Badal said .
On the occasion , chief minister Nitishkumar had said : no farmer would be allowed to remain dissatisfied .
Emphasising the significance of the cooperative sector in development , chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said how the Demonestisation drive was a leap forward to fix corruption and deliver results and dividends to hardworking farmers across rural Maharashtra .
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi , who has been holding Khat Sabhas ( cot meetings ) with the farmers in the state , said on Wednesday that his party will launch an agitation to force the centre to waive loans of the farmers .
Mansa , Punjab : launching the much-awaited controversial loan waiver scheme for farmers , Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh on Sunday said his government would also waive loans of farm labourers .
During his poll campaign , Prime Minister Modi had said the first decision of the new up government under the BJP would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers .
Referring to two young entrepreneurs working in Sikkim on an agriculture start-up , PM Modi said , it is a great way of linking agriculture to the start-up India campaign .
For the farmers welfare , Modi said that the centre has framed many model acts and urged the states to implement them .
When I talk of development , I want to put emphasis on six things , Modi said , adding that this six-point programme will ensure irrigation facilities to farmers and power connection to villages and industries .
Prime Minister Modi had announced the PM crop insurance scheme , the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana , in 2015 .
Agriculture Patna : deputy chief minister Modi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution .
Launching Pradhan Mantri Kisan Maan Dhan Yojana , Prime Minister Modi said that every farmer will get RS 3,000 per month after attaining the age of 60 and the scheme will ensure benefit to over 5 crore small and marginal farmers across the country .
Congratulating finance minister Arun Jaitley and his team , Modi said farmers , Dalits and tribal communities will gain from the budget .
After assuming power , chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced loan waivers of up to RS 1 lakh relating to small and marginal farmers .
( source : AP ) prime minister Modi has asked 11 Drought-Hit states including Maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for Drought-Proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of June .
Indian prime minister Modi announced a 0 million line of credit to Kenya for agricultural Mechanisation .
We have set up an agriculture price commission with Rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost , RAM said .
New Delhi , June 11 : prime minister Narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and University-Farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise .
After finance minister Sudhir Muntangiwar presented the budget , chief minister Devendrafadnavis told Mediapersons , the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for Upliftment of farmers , poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( file photo ) asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers , chief minister Devendrafadnavis Thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth RS 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state .
B'Prime minister Manmohansingh today said the government will focus on modernising the agricultural marketing system and brining in private players to this sector in the 12th five year plan beginning 2012 .
Budget is close to dreams of people : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 29 , 2016 ( PTI ) 19:05 Istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said its biggest focus is on villages , poor people , farmers , women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes .
Taking to Twitter , Gandhi said he will make every effort to secure the future of the farmers .
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray told his legislators to continue to press for the demand , and not let the house function till such a time that the state government , of which it is a component , gives in to it and announces a loan waiver .
As whether the land in Singur would be fit for cultivation again , Mamatabanerjee said : according to some agricultural experts , as no farming had taken place there for a decade , it was now more fertile than before .
Fadnavis said , the allocation of RS 25,000 crore for agriculture is a big leap forward .
To boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply , the forest development corporation of Maharashtra ( Fdcm ) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol , bio CNG Etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project , said N RAM , managing director of Fdcm .
But , Modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation .
Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis announced a RS 30,000 crore loan waiver the biggest such write-off in the States history .
Mumbai : chief minister Devendrafadnavis on Sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application .
Chandigarh : Punjab will disburse RS 209 crore as debt relief to 38,000 marginal farmers who are members of cooperative societies in the state in 10 days , said chief minister Amarinder here on Wednesday .
Modi said the budget has a distinct focus on farmers , youth , poor and Neo-Middle class and delivers on growth , equity and job creation .
Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant said that Modi , speaking in the temple town of Shirdi on October 19 , said that 16,000 villages in Maharashtra have become Drought-Free thanks to the Jalyukt Shivar scheme .
Defence food lab should work for Farmers'Mysuru , May 8 , 2016 , Dhns : 23:57 Istunion defence minister Manoharparrikar on Sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory ( Dfrl ) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status .
We sell around 5,000 roses a month , says RAM , a farmer .
At a meeting in Nilanga village , where the CM addressed officials , ministers and local politicians , Fadnavis said the government was banking heavily on Jalyukt Shivar Yojana as it will ensure that every farmer in a village gets enough water to cultivate crop and villagers get sufficient stock of water .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in Maharashtra .
Whatever legal action would be taken against the offending company would take its own course but we feel the farmers should not lose out in the meantime , Mamatabanerjee said .
We may not be in power at the centre or in the state , but we will launch an agitation to force the government to concede to our demand of waiving farmers loans , Rahul said , while addressing farmers in Kushinagar and Gorakhpur districts .
Niti Aayog vice-chairman Arvindpanagariya Niti Aayog vice-chairman Arvind Panagariyaniti Aayog vice-chairman Arvindpanagariya today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income .
About the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers , RAM said government is planning to constitute an expert committee .
Farmers should have confidence as the government is with them , RAM said .
Modi said RS 603 crore would be made available with Karnataka in 2016-17 for water conservation and drought proofing under various central government schemes .
Bjp in its Lok Kalyan Sankalp Patra ( manifesto ) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers , and prime minister Narendramodi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the Partys government .
( source : PTI photo ) the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said , adding that this is the only effect of the notification .
( PTI photo ) calling for a Relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Saturday said that if water management is given importance , there would be no farmer suicides .
On Sunday , state secretary Modi announced that the cadres will fan out to build houses for the homeless , become part of palliative care initiatives , do organic agriculture , clean rivers and ponds , work to raise the standards of government schools and the quality of public hospitals and so on .
Addressing a farmers rally at Raigaon village in Kadegaon Taluka of Sangli district , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , overall , our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds .
Over and above MSP , we have decided to give a bonus of RS 425 per quintal for pulses and RS 100-200 per quintal for oilseeds , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh told reporters after the cabinet meeting .
These interest-free loans were extended by banks to sugar mills as additional working capital specifically for clearance of cane price arrears of previous seasons and timely settlement of cane price to farmers for that years sugar season .
Likewise , Badal said that the announcement on embarking Kisan Yatra , a special travel scheme to help farmers to learn about new farming and marketing techniques , would also go a long way in bailing out the farmers from current agrarian crisis .
Laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design ( R & D ) to promote agriculture diversification in the state , Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Tuesday said that these were the 'Temples of second green revolution ' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis .
Modi announces 50 PC increase in compensation for distressed Farmersnew Delhi , April 09 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:28 Istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief .
He said it is because he is in a coalition government , but he would n't go back on his promise of completely waiving all the loans , said Kodihalli Chandrashekhar , the chief of Krrs , a farmers ' body .
The injustice done to the farmers will be revealed by the investigation , Manoharlalkhattar said during the ongoing budget session of the Vidhan Sabha .
Fadnavis , who himself toured a few villages and interacted with farmers , told the Indian express that the government has gone all out to initiate a slew of measures to alleviate the miseries of the villagers and farmers in eight districts of Marathwada .
On Tuesday , Gandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the Narendra Modi government waives farm loans across the country .
On Tuesday , Rahulgandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the Narendra Modi government waives farm loans across the country .
Besides seeking immediate decision on creating Vidarbha state , we are demanding waiver of farm loans , accountability for the wrong monetary policies and charging of heavy fees for every banking operation , said RAM of Vras .
Addressing the agitators , Congress chief Rahulgandhi said , farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift , but only their rightful due .
Patna , March 4 : chief minister Nitishkumar today said a cabinet committee would be formed to ensure proper monitoring of agricultural roadmap in the state .
Deputy commissioner N RAM told reporters on Thursday that government had released RS 52 crore for the district to provide compensation for the farmers in Gokak , Raibag , Athani and Ramdurg Taluks who had suffered losses due to the hailstorms .
Picture by Nagendra Kumar Singhpatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers , artisans and entrepreneurs to North-eastern States for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries .
A.C. Jain , the nodal officer , it Department of agriculture , said : altogether , 82 district agriculture officers , joint directors , deputy directors and junior plant protection officers would benefit under the scheme .
On the cooperative departments appeal to the government to expedite the loan waiver , Amarindersingh said the commission set up by his government to ascertain the quantum of farm loans in the state and to work out the modalities for their waiver would soon come out with its recommendations in Thematter .
These are being worked out to make agriculture a sustainable sector , he said .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced a slew of schemes aimed to benefit farmers .
I have said time and again I am ready to accept any suggestion that is in farmers ' interest , said Modi .
We have decided to purchase the required quantity directly from the farmers , state chief minister Mamatabanerjee said on Tuesday .
( mea Twitter ) during the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
Siddaramaiah said he has already instructed the district In-Charge ministers and legislators to visit the farmers ' families .
Modi said numerous measures and schemes have been initiated from making school toilets to setting up IITs , Iims and Aiims , from providing vaccination cover to children to initiating a people-driven Swacch Bharat mission , from ensuring a minimum pension to labourers to providing social security to the common man , from enhancing support to farmers hit by natural calamities to defending their interests at WTO .
This ( agriculture ) is an area where India and the bank can fruitfully join hands , Prime Minister Modi said while formally opening the 52nd African Development Bank 's ( Afdb ) annual event on Tuesday .
The controversy comes just days after Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath announced RS 36,350-Crore farm loan waiver and Punjab cm Capt Amarinder Singh set up an expert group to assess the agriculture debt and suggest ways for its waiver to help farmers .
Praising Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , Prime Minister Modi said , cm @ Chouhanshivraj , who has revolutionised agriculture sector in MP , will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers .
Chief minister RAM , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly , said the Arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban .
Ahead of the assembly elections due next month , chief minister Manoharlalkhattar on Monday announced waiving interest and penalty on crop loans of farmers from cooperative banks to the tune of RS 4,750 crore under the one-time settlement scheme .
Describing the channel as an open University , Modi said : Kisan TV channel is a channel where both the teacher and the student are farmers .
1 : chief minister Mamatabanerjee today said farmers in Singur would get back their land within 12 weeks as ordered by the Supreme Court and added that the plots that would be handed back would be Cultivable .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said , we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of Karnataka .
Farmers should have confidence as the government is with them , Siddaramaiah said .
Prime Minister Modi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the Aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government , particularly in agriculture , rural housing and railway sectors .
Those opposing the bill want three conditions incorporated in it no forcible acquisition of land from farmers , mandatory social impact assessment and clarity on industrial corridor .
Salem : as part of the measures being taken to improve agriculture , a special scheme for development of Rainfed agriculture has been conceived , said chief minister Edappadik.Palaniswami at a mega government scheme distribution function in Salem on Tuesday .
After inspecting the Rain-Hit areas , animal husbandry minister Radhakrishnan said the department officials were instructed to provide enough fodder to the cattle and also conduct a survey on the death toll to assist the cattle farmers .
I have launched an initiative to double farmers ' incomes by 2022 , said PM Modi .
Chandigarh : Haryana cm Manoharlalkhattar on Friday announced that compensation of RS 12,000 per acre would be given to those farmers whose crop has been damaged due to water logging and said that it has also been decided to give compensation of RS 6000 per acre to those farmers who were unable to sow their crop due to the water logging .
Elaborating on the ownership of the farmers , RAM said , starting from a princely rule and followed by elected governments , the farmers have been granted both revenue and forest documents related to land holdings for tilling the same .
( source : PTI photo/file ) the state government will distribute land Parchas documents establishing the ownership of pieces of land in revenue records among unwilling farmers at Singur in Hooghly on September 14 , chief minister Mamatabanerjee said on Monday .
Asserting that the interests of farmers will be protected , Ajitpawar , who also holds finance portfolio , said , the state government will do nothing that will adversely affect farmers in Maharashtra .
Amarinder also announced Upgradation of cooperative sugar mill at Paniar in Gurdaspur district for making it economically viable .
Modis predecessor Manmohan Singh had waived farm loans worth RS 72,000 crore , RAM said .
Share this article related article centre , state have allocated RS 51,000 crore for irrigation projects , says Devendrafadnavis , state have allocated RS 51,000 crore for irrigation projects , says Devendrafadnavis States vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for Farmersstates vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmers Maharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow : cm Fadnavismaharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow : cm Fadnavis Devendrafadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane , solar-powered Pumpsdevendra Fadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane , solar-powered pumps Maharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar Energymaharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energy Maharashtra will require RS 1 lakh crore for irrigation projects : cm Fadnavishe added , the agrarian crisis in a state reeling under drought can be effectively tackled only through making the farmers self reliant with water and power .
Whether it is the ration of the poor of the country , and of poor farmers , or deals relating to defence of the country , whoever has taken Commission , their numbers are coming down one after other , Modi said .
It is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods , Siddaramaiah said .
Our Endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing , Babu said .
Karnataka to clear RS 923 crore arrears to sugar cane Farmersbelagavi , June 30 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:13 Istchief minister RAM on Tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing RS 923 crore in two installments .
Sharing India 's experiences in meeting common challenges such as uplifting farmers and the poor , financial access and building infrastructure , Modi said paying subsidies directly had helped his government save over $ 4 billion dollars in cooking gas .
( file photo ) making yet another Pro-Farmer announcement in election year , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Sunday said a board on the lines of Apeda ( agricultural and processed food products export development authority ) will be set up in Madhya Pradesh to help farmers export and get remunerative price for their produce .
Fee waiver for farmers ' kids in Drought-Hit Areasdharwad , SEP 22 , 2013 , Dhns : 13:44 Istchief minister RAM on Sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of Drought-Affected areas in the state .
Speaking on the occasion , Ashok Chavan said the Congress will fight for the farmers and push ahead with its demand to waive their crop loan .
Soil samples collected from different lands and test reports would be made available to farmers that would guide them for taking remedial measures to change crop pattern , Fertilsiers and other measures , Modi said and called young innovators to invent systems that would help the farmers test soil on their land .
In Modis home state of Gujarat a state with one of the highest rain deficits in the largely normal monsoon of 2016 , as Indiaspend reported in October 2016 a fourth of farmers have benefitted from the flagship Crop-Insurance scheme , not 60-70 as Modi claimed .
When he had taken over the reins , the dues of sugarcane farmers ran up to RS 14000 crore , which had come down to about RS 700-800 crore now due to measures taken by his government , Modi said and warned the sugar mill owners against treating the farmers the way they did in the past .
Chief minister Yogiadityanath on Saturday announced an ex Gratia of RS 4 lakh to families of the deceased and directed district magistrates to assess crop damage and identify farmers eligible for financial aid .
Apmc secretary RAM said that online trading will ensure that farmers are not cheated .
Smriti Irani : watchful Calcutta , April 14 : Union textiles minister Smritiirani has asked the jute corporation of India and the National jute board to help increase the supply of certified jute seeds at a cheaper price to farmers in consultation with the National seeds Corporation .
Chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on Tuesday , RAM asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply , availability of fodder , increased number of man days under Mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas .
I have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022 , Modi said .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income .
Questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers , Amarinder asked , if a bankrupt state like Punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver , why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme ?
Mumbai : the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships , chief minister Devendra Fadnavis told the assembly on Thursday .
Pointing out that Karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years , Siddaramaiah said the state government had sought RS 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works .
Modi announces 50 PC increase in compensation for distressed Farmersnew Delhi , April 09 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:28 Istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain , Prime Minister Modi on Wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief .
( PTI photo ) calling for a Relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country , Prime Minister Modi on Saturday said that if water management is given importance , there would be no farmer suicides .
Chief minister Parkashsinghbadal on Sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of Gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of Indiabulls , and they can start tilling their land .
Responding to a starred question by Congress MLC H M Revanna in the legislative council , RAM said that around 2,000 farmers had applied for subsidies for installing shade nets and Polyhouses in their field .
The deputy cm said the issue of farm loans had been tackled holistically by coming out with the settlement of indebtedness Bill besides ensuring that farmers were not charged excessive interest .
The state government needs to design Farmer-Friendly policies , he said .
Justifying free power to farmers , deputy chief minister Sukhbirsinghbadal said that most of the states do it to provide support to farmers .
Continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes , Prime Minister Narendramodi today said he will on June 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector .
B'Five days after a Congress delegation led by Aicc general secretary Rahul Gandhi met the prime minister demanding loan waiver for weavers , Union finance minister Pranabmukherjee announced a RS 3,000 crore allocation for the weavers cooperative societies on Monday .
Modi said after the poll results on March 11 BJP would celebrate Vijayi Holi and then after forming the government in the first cabinet meet it would waive off the loans of the farmers .
Uttar Pradesh , Telangana and Andhra Pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and Maharashtra will have to follow the same , Naidu told reporters .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan of the BJP also announced several measures , including bonus above the minimum support price to ensure farmers get fair prices for their produce .
Flanked by Punjab Pradesh Congress committee president and MP Sunil Jakhar and local bodies minister Navjot Singh Sidhu , Amarindersingh said the process of farm loan waiver would begin after the elections and distribution of smart phones would also begin soon .
No incentive for sugarcane farmers , says Cmmandya : Oct 18 , 2014 , Dhns : 23:22 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah said , no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce .
Responding to a question from s R Vishwanath ( BJP ) , Siddaramaiah said farmers , from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project , would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites .
Modi said the scheme has been brought into effect after rectifying shortcomings in the earlier version and appealed to farmers to avail of its benefits .
Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh on Saturday said he is committed to farm loan waiver and his government would soon find ways and means to bail out the debt-ridden farmers -- with or without the centres aid .
The move was aimed at saving groundwater while ensuring that farmers also get an incentive in the form of cash for their personal use , he said .
Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath announced waiver of RS 36,000 crore farmers loan as the state has other sources of income and generous support by the union government .
The government should give RS 5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide , a job offer , besides waving the debts , said Jagmohan Singh , state secretary of the Bharatiya Kisan Union , Punjab .
Addressing the States during Niti Aayog governing council meeting on April 23 , Modi had said , in a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important , budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year .
Urging the farmers to partner with the state in generation of power , Modi said , farmers can install solar panels on their farm borders .
Modi said that his governments journey toward developing India is built on investments in infrastructure , agriculture , manufacturing and services .
The developments came a day after chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced that Maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before October 31 , which will benefit 1 .
Pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 Apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable , Siddaramaiah claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states .
By express news Servicebhubaneswar : urging people to vote for BJP and oust the Bjd government to ensure speedy development of the state , Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Friday announced that all farmers will be provided interest free loan of RS 1 lakh for five years if the saffron party comes to power in Odisha .
Fadnavis announced three-pronged strategy to provide compensation to the farmers families through insurance and even approached the centre for national disaster response fund ( Ndrf ) .
However , keeping the drought in view , RAM has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
Pm Modi invokes Chaudhary Charan Singh to woo farmers in Jatland Bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community , Prime Minister Modi said BJP will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power .
Sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount , but Siddaramaiah may announce a partial loan waiver , thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers , reeling under severe drought .
Union home minister Rajnathsingh on Friday said the NDA government was working hard to improve the condition of farmers , claiming it was the first government ever to have resolved to double farm incomes by 2022 .
On the first day in office as the chief minister , Siddaramaiah announced housing loan waiver for Dalits and backward classes and introduced Shaadi Bhagya for minorities .
( file ) chief minister Manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay .
Prime Minister Narendramodi said , the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run India but to create a new India , adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last Five-Years during which the youth , women , farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes .
Pm Modi said he believes the only way to provide relief to distressed farmers is through a successful and effective crop insurance scheme .
Modi said that several measures have been taken for the farmers and poor and counted that the poor are getting better treatment under the Aayushman Bharat scheme and getting medicines at cheap rates .
On Pusa 16 , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said , this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in January and will be available for sowing in the Kharif 2017 season .
It opens new avenues for cooperation , including in areas like agriculture and healthcare , Modi said in a joint press interaction with Sirisena .
Speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with Deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of Zilla Panchayats of 12 districts of North Karnataka , Siddaramaiah said the initial response from Maharashtra had been positive .
Last week , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced in the assembly that farmers need not worry ; we will buy Doda Chura from them and burn it .
In February 2016 , Prime Minister Modi had said farmers ' income would be doubled by 2022 to mark 75 years of India 's independence .
Dh news service , Bengaluru , Jun 10 2017 , 1:10 Istchief minister RAM announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for Karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them .
Addressing a Kisan Chetna Dharna organised by the Partys Kisan cell here , he also sought to allay apprehensions about the feasibility of the debt waiver in view of Punjabs financial situation .
Notably , Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis had said in December last year that the Bjp-Led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the Worst-Affected Yavatmal district of Vidarbha with the help of Baliraja Chetna Abhiyan .
Noting that agriculture development is the top priority for Mozambique , Modi said India would be partnering this Endeavour through development of agricultural infrastructure and productivity in this country .
Karnataka to clear RS 923 crore arrears to sugar cane Farmersbelagavi , June 30 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:13 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing RS 923 crore in two installments .
Meanwhile , Fadnavis also said that the state would pay the power bills due from gram Panchayats .
The Congress will waive the loans of each farmer in Chhattisgarh within 10 days , Gandhi said .
Komul aims to double Productionshidlaghatta , Apr 3 , 2012 , Dhns : 2:04 Istkolar-Chikkaballapur milk union has ensured that dividends reach the farmers directly through its transparent administration , said Dr M N RAM , the managing director of the Karnataka milk Federation on Tuesday .
Government ready to include Ragi , Jowar under Pdsbangalore , July 10 , 2013 , Dhns : 1:52 Istthe state government is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it , chief minister RAM said on Wednesday .
Inaugurating a three-day international conference on organic Bihar , Nitishkumar said : to achieve sustainable agriculture growth , organic farming has to be expanded .
Haryana chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said that farmers covered under the scheme would get enhanced insurance compensation ranging between RS 10,000 and RS 25,000 per acre as against the prescribed rates fixed between RS 7500 and RS 12,000 per acre for damage to the crop .
Siddaramaiah further said compensation would be distributed to the kin of the deceased farmers .
Badal also asked the additional chief secretaries development and revenue to seek legal opinion from legal Remembrancer ( LR ) for making suitable amendments in the land tenure act 1953 for facilitating the farmers to get better prices of their produce .
Chief minister Yogiadityanath on Thursday said the state government had decided to waive off electricity surcharge for farmers in West Uttar Pradesh .
Chief minister Capt Amarindersingh on Monday said the state government will allow the farmers in Punjab to sow paddy a week before the scheduled date of June 20 , as part of a string of sops he announced to woo the farming community .
Emphasising that broad-based and wide-ranging cooperation in agriculture and food security was a shared priority , Modi said the two sides were collaborating to raise agricultural productivity in Kenya .
Also read | punish Congress for treachery against farmers , honest taxpayers , says Pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with LPG connections under the centre 's Ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months , Modi said , adding , all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all .
Terming the rail Roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate , Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry .
Piloting the legislation , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said the bill only shows the commitment of the Modi government towards northeastern states .
Even as the increased provisions for infrastructure , railways , roads , ports and agriculture to double the farmers income in the last five years is Praiseworthy , RAM said yet the expectations of corporate sector , industry and trading bodies were not fully met .
State failed to utilise grants from centre , say BJP Leaderstarikere , Oct 05 , 2015 , Dhns 23:48 Iststate BJP president Pralhad RAM said the Yediyurappa government had sanctioned UpTo RS 2 lakh interest-free loans for farmers and the RAM government has just raised the limit to RS 3 lakh and there is no question of interest here .
At a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing Federation of India ( Nafed ) , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and Harbara .
B'Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani ( file photo ) Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani ( file photo ) Gujarat chief minister Vijayrupani on Friday said that the state government was helping mitigate losses by purchasing their commodities at minimum support price ( MSP ) but added that he wants farmers to upscale their production further and earn dollars by exporting their produce .
The focus will be in making available affordable credit , ensuring assured supply of seeds and fertilisers , improving irrigation facilities , comprehensive risk coverage , improving productivity through soil health cards , assured market and remunerative prices for the produce through E-Nam ( National agriculture market ) , Pranabmukherjee said .
At a meeting , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state .
Referring to Gandhis loan waiver promise , a lady , Avisha Rokde , asked why not give good price so that question of loan waiver doesnt arise at all , Gandhi said , if farmers are in distress , waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken .
Commerce Secretary Rita A. Teaotia on Monday said the union commerce ministry would support GOA governments policy to develop the state as a agriculture hub .
In his address to the joint session of parliament , Pranabmukherjee said the government attaches paramount importance to safeguard the interest of farmers and families affected by land acquisition .
We would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with Kenyan farmers , Prime Minister Modi said in a statement following the talks .
It is a tragedy that the same farmers who at one time provided food to the nation are now dying of starvation as they can not make both ends meet , Amarinder said , promising that their debts will be taken over by government .
About the recently-launched crop insurance scheme , Modi said it will come into force in all states from April 1 , this year .
Tamil culture minister K Pandiarajan , representing the Aiadmk , justified the RS 71,000 crore spent annually for such schemes , saying initiatives like free cycles for girls had even won praise from the World Bank , while Manuraj RAM ( Dmk ) said provision of subsidized rice copped flak but after implementation actually liberated agriculture .
Bhopal : farmers ' protest continued unabated in many parts of Western Madhya Pradesh today even as chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers .
Similarly , RS 35,984 crore have been allocated to agriculture , while RS 9 lakh crore earmarked for crop loans this year , Naidu said .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan ( file photo ) Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan ( file photo ) Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan has said that the state government would provide RS 25,000 as financial assistance to the farmers , who lost 50 per cent of their crops during the recent hailstorm , for marriage of their daughters .
Using his personal app to connect with the Partys Kisan Morcha leaders in Karnataka , Modi asked his party workers to propagate several Farmerfriendly schemes introduced by his government over the past four years .
However , keeping the drought in view , Siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to Aadhaar till April 30 .
Addressing media persons here on Thursday to share his first impressions about the union budget , Mr. Rajender said that the centre had announced RS . 2,000 crore would be allocated for minimum support price ( MSP ) operations for all crops but this amount should be increased if it is to truly benefit the farmers .
The government should give `5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide , a job offer , besides waving the debts , said Jagmohan Singh , state secretary of the Bharatiya Kisan Union , Punjab .
A BJP government in Bihar will help us work seamlessly to create jobs for the youth , look after our farmers and ensure overall development , which is the antidote to every single problem , Modi said , to rapturous applause .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , farm ponds will be significant for farmers , as creation of permanent assets for holding water would help them reap their fields next seasons even if there is poor rainfall .
At the Jammu rally , Modi claimed that the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi , under which farmers with two hectares of Cultivable land or less would get RS 6,000 a year , as announced in the budget , had no precedent .
Partha Paula day after the Supreme Court verdict on Singur , chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Thursday said farmers would get back their land within the stipulated time-frame set by the apex court and the land would also be made Cultivable before being returned .
In this year budget we have introduced a new scheme PM Kishan Sanman Nidhi , under which an amount of RS 6000 will be deposited to the account of the farmers per year who have only five acres of Cultivable land in order to support them , Modi said and assured all possible support to the state .
Fadnavis said the foremost task was to enhance the irrigation potential from 18 per cent to 27 per cent in phases .
Gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in India and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals , Faifa general secretary Babu said in a statement .
Last time , chief minister Mamatabanerjee said she will not acquire land and that we could if the farmers were willing to sell .
Pm Modi said the budget for a 'New India ' has a roadmap to transform the agriculture sector of the country .
Farmers ' suicide ; cm Siddaramaiah to lead all party delegation to Pmhubballi ( Karna ) , Aug 5 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 16:53 Istkarnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides , unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state .
Lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses I have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it , how to do genetic engineering in it , how to increase productivity , how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices , Modi said .
Chief Secretary Tom RAM said the government decided to extend the moratorium considering the pathetic state of farmers .
Contrary to what the Badals are trying to project with their misleading propaganda , the fact is that Capt Amarindersingh has categorically said the debts of farmers in Punjab will be waived off once he comes to power , the Ppcc leaders said .
Additional district magistrate Ajaykumar said , we have already written to the insurance company to disburse the actual crop insurance money to the farmers .
Earlier , after reviewing the drought situation , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had said , the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages .
Reiterating state Congress commitment to waive off farmers debts if it comes to power in Punjab , Amarinder assured the farmers that their plight would end after the assembly elections .
Modi said girls were today doing well in sports , in education and health sectors , and contributed significantly even in agriculture .
Reap crop insurance benefit : PM Modibelagavi : Feb 28 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers , said prime minister Narendramodi , as he set out to explain details of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana at a farmers convention in Belagavi on Saturday .
48Pm : the government will set up Gramin Haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces , says Modi .
In all , RS 75,000 will be transferred to farmers accounts , no broker or middlemen involved , Modi said .
Watch what else is making Newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the Demonetisation move , Arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers .
Congress vice-president Gandhi said on Wednesday the Uttar Pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to RS 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction .
Therefore , we have come up with this new idea so that the villagers can save their agricultural produce and also take shelter during the floods , Tinsukia deputy commissioner S.S. Meenakshi RAM told the Telegraph today .
Earlier , Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than RS 1 lakh , costing the Exchequer almost RS 36,000 crore .
Jaipur : Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje on Thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to RS 50,000 .
Coming under pressure from opposition and ally Shiv Sena , chief minister Fadnavis said his government is in favour of loan waiver and was studying the up model .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah , who launched the integrated marketing project , said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business .
By Ptinagpur : Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of RS 500 per quintal for the crop .
Jind : chief minister Manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay .
Vijayawada : chief minister N Chandrababu RAM said on Sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism , agriculture , mines , forests , irrigation projects , maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance .
Addressing a press conference in Bengaluru , Siddaramaiah said prime minister Narendra Modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022 , but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget .
At the meeting of the BJP parliamentary party here , Modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by Congress-Ruled States and their chief ministers .
In case of rail transportation , the subsidy would be 50 Paise per kg of potatoes and re one for a kg if it was shipped abroad , Mamatabanerjee said adding these measures would help farmers to avoid distress sale .
Responding to the opposition parties , commerce and industry minister Nirmalasitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by Drought-Hit farmers in Tamil Nadu and that finance minister Arun Jaitley , agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh and water resources minister Uma Bharti have already met delegations from the state .
Picture by Saikat Santra Kharagpur , April 3 : Bengal chief minister Mamatabanerjee today announced a waiver of agricultural land tax that is expected to cost the government RS 200 crore in revenues annually and advised the centre to follow the example to write off farm loans .
Latur district in Marathwada , which is amongst the worst-hit this drought , has ensured that the government sends across at least 70 lakh litres of water through trains .
The chief minister also demanded that the farmers be paid the due price for their produce and in toto implementation of the Swaminathan commission report .
Modi said President Karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture , information technology and energy .
Maharashtra cm Devendra Fadnavis Maharashtra cm Devendra Fadnavischief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing Kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism .
Farmers ' income should double in six years : Modibhubaneswar , Feb 22 , 2016 , Dhns : 0:42 Istthe NDA government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved , Prime Minister Modi said on Sunday .
Farmers Aidguwahati : Assam chief minister Sarbanandasonowal on Monday said the state government had envisaged to provide accident insurance coverage to one lakh fish farmers .
Modi said the bridge would open new road for the high- quality ginger grown by farmers of the region and improve their economic condition .
At a time when people are distressed due to the Demonetisation of RS 500 and RS 1,000 currency notes by the union government , Siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector .
The alternative source of livelihood such as dairy , fisheries or poultry farming is being worked region wise to ensure farmers can survive even if their crops fail .
Speaking at a rally after participating in a Padayatra with Rahul from Maidur to Gudagur in Ranebennur Taluk on Saturday , chief minister Siddaramaiah said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from RS 2 lakh to RS 5 lakh .
Siddaramaiah said he had convened a meeting of deputy commissioners of all districts on September 23 and the progress made in drought and flood relief works would be discussed .
Before ending his 28-Hour-Long fast , Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Sunday announced a series of measures for farmers , including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act .
We spend a lot of money to import lentils and ( edible ) oils and we must resolve to raise production so that we become self-sufficient in the next 10 years , Modi said after launching a TV channel for farmers .
Modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare , tourism , information technology , agriculture , blue economy and energy .
Ragi , Jowar may come under Pdsthe state is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it , said chief minister RAM on Wednesday after launching the Anna Bhagya Yojane , Dhns reports from Bangalore .
Amid the din , parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah RAM said the government was ready to discuss the farmer 's suicide , which is a important , serious and urgent .
B'During the talks , Modi said India and Vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration , renewable energy , agriculture and textiles .
Ap announces debt cut for Farmershyderabad , DEC 4 , 2014 , Dhns : 1:08 Istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of Andhra Pradesh , chief minister Nara Naidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding RS 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013 .
By Ptirajnandgaon : if the Congress was voted to power in Chhattisgarh , it will write off farmers ' debts within 10 days , party president Gandhi said Friday .
At the meeting of the BJP parliamentary party yesterday , Prime Minister Modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by Congress-Ruled States and their chief ministers .
Devendra Fadnavis said the government would expose the rampant corruption in the cooperative sector in the larger interest of the farmers .
Follow our full election coverage hereto win over the disgruntled farmers , Modi announced an annual cash payment of RS 6000 in three equal installments to as many as 120 million farmers .
Prime Minister Modi on Saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture , saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject .
Drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of Indira Gandhi and Modi , Siddaramaiah said the former took a revolutionary step to Nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers , Daily-Wagers and others to avail benefits of banking .
Fadnavis also said that of the 36,000 cases related to transfer of forest land to Tribals , 20,000 had been resolved .
This ( agriculture ) is an area where India and the bank can fruitfully join hands , Prime Minister Narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd African Development Bank 's ( Afdb ) annual event on Tuesday .
We have given a package of roughly RS 5,000 crore to farmers , news agency PTI quoted chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said .
In a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price , Arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement , undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of India and making arrangements for procurement of pulses , an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far .
Reiterating his government 's commitment to double the income of farmers by 2022 , Modi said that this requires to focus on fisheries , animal husbandry , horticulture , fruits , and vegetables .
Chief minister H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys said he would cut down on expenditure on other heads to compensate the loss to the state Exchequer on account of farm loan waiver .
Modi also said the government was committed to double farmers ' income .
Shiv Sena chief , Uddhav Thackeray , also said that the state government should follow in the footsteps of the up government and waive off the farmer loans .
The families of the farmers ( who were killed in Mandsaur last year ) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing , says the Congress president .
We are committed to welfare of farmers .
This scheme has been made foolproof and will be implemented with complete transparency , Modi said and asked state governments to come forward with list of farmers who would be its beneficiaries .
Emphasising the importance of increasing farm productivity , Modi said there was a need to use modern technique in agriculture because farm land was shrinking with the rising population .
Bathinda deputy commissioner Ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned , said Whitefly-Friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the Agriculture Department before March 11 .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the Left-Affiliated all India Kisan Sabha ( Aiks ) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-Km March from Nashik to Mumbai , told the Vidhan Sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers , many of them Tribals .
Speaking to reporters at Dharmasthala , Mr. H.D.Kumaraswamys said that though his party did not get the mandate from the voters , he would announce plans for farmers after the swearing-in .
With farmers ending lives in the parched Saurashtra region in an election year , chief minister Narendramodi on Tuesday announced an ambitious RS 10,000-Crore irrigation project , to be called Saurashtra Narmada Avtaran irrigation Yojana ( Sauni ) , which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with Narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers .
Chief minister RAM said 80 of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre .
On claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists , Amarinder said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers .
Though the ban will help farmers get livestock at a lesser price , it can not prevent the illegal sale of animals for meat , said Radhakrishnan .
Quota for farmers ' children in Agri Varsitymysore , Feb 24 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:39 Istchief minister RAM on Monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children .
Legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in Belagavi on Wednesday | Rajesh Sadarebelagavi : chief minister Siddaramaiah has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously .
Fadnavis said the Bjp-Shiv Sena government was doing everything that is possible to help farmers , who have faced crop losses due to unseasonal rains and hailstorms , and bring them out of the prevailing situation .
While RS 58,862 crore was for crop loan , RS 27,973 crore was given for agriculture term loan .
Legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in Belagavi on Wednesday | Rajesh Sadarebelagavi : chief minister RAM has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously .
The cm also said rather than giving loan waivers , the state will focus on sustainable growth of agriculture .
State seeks RS 362 crore for flood Reliefbangalore , Oct 31 , 2014 , Dhns : 13:10 Istcentral teams will visit Drought-Hit areas on Nov 7 and 8 : Cmchief minister RAM on Thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams , which visited nine flood affected districts , about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of RS 362 crore it had sought .
Siddaramaiah said the excess grants had helped those states to take up Drought-Relief works .
Responding to clarifications from members , RAM said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of Arecanut , coconut , coffee and cotton growers in distress .
Modis predecessor Manmohan Singh had waived farm loans worth RS 72,000 crore , Siddaramaiah said .
Accusing the previous Congress regimes of Gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair , chief minister Narendramodi today said unlike them , his government was working for farmers welfare .
Farmers who have taken loans of amount RS 5 Lakhs will now have to pay only 2 per cent interest instead 12-15 per cent , Manoharlalkhattar said .
Speaking at the CSIR 's platinum jubilee , Modi said that he looks forward to CSIR making an important contribution to the current governments mandate of doubling the income of the farmers income by 2022 , the year the country celebrates 75 years of its independence .
Also Read| we will make them search for Chillums at Yogi 's house : Akhilesh Yadavthe governments of the Congress , the Samajwadi party ( SP ) and the Bahujan Samaj party ( BSP ) were not concerned with development , whereas prime minister Narendra Modi worked for women , the poor and farmers , Yogiadityanath said .
If elected to power , the Congress will write off debt of each farmer in Chhattisgarh in 10 days , Gandhi told the gathering .
Farmers ' income should double in six years : Modibhubaneswar , Feb 22 , 2016 , Dhns : 0:42 Istthe NDA government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Sunday .
55Pm : Rahul Gandhi says the Congress has stood with the farmers from the fields to parliament .
Allowing FDI in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments , technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain , RAM said .
Madhya Pradesh farmers protest : Union minister Naidu told the Congress not to Politicise the issue .
We have been with the farmers and we were asking for it , environment minister RAM said .
Punjab Congress chief captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked prime minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his Demonetisation move .
Pm Modi invokes Chaudhary Charan Singh to woo farmers in Jatland Bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community , Prime Minister Narendramodi said BJP will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power .
Observing that the agriculture sector would do better than expected , Babu said , the monsoon has been better and the manufacturing growth will pick up in the second half of the year .
Loans taken by farmers from nationalised banks will be waived within 24 hours after the Janata DAL ( secular ) comes to power , H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys , party state president , has said .
The new capital region will be just 18Km from the Krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely , Naidu said , trying to allay their fears .
Maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of Flood-Affected people is done in record time , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , adding that efforts will be made to make the state Drought-Free by diverting rain water from Konkan region to North Maharashtra and Marathwada as well as water from Wainganga river to Vidarbha by constructing a tunnel .
Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh said the project would help in addressing the problem of the environmental pollution due to stubble burning besides providing additional income to farmers by helping turn the unmanageable Agro-Waste into raw material for producing bio fuel .
India and Israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture , technology and security , Modi said at a joint media event with Netanyahu .
Prime Minister Narendramodi had recently said the new Uttar Pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state .
Open to changes in land bill that benefit poor : Pmnew Delhi : May 28 , 2015 , Dhns 2:14 Istparties should keep aside political motives : Modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers , poor , village and nation will be accepted , Prime Minister Narendramodi said on Wednesday asserting that along with GST bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time .
42 PM : Maharashtra cm Devendrafadnavis said the budget this time will be Farmer-Centric .
Briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state , Siddaramaiah said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes , but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes .
Speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the University of agricultural sciences , Bangalore , Siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce .
A day after the state government agreed to meet demands of farmers , thousands of whom marched to the city from Nashik , chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Tuesday listed decisions agreed upon in the meeting between the Kisan Morcha organisers and the state .
Accusing the previous governments of being responsible for the sorry state of affairs in the state , Yogiadityanath said work will be done to make development agriculture-based as it is main source of income .
About 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth RS 42,000Cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth Rs10,500Cr through co-operative banks in the state , Siddaramaiah said .
Farmers in Karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme , says PM .
They used farmers , while we work for farmers , Modi said , adding that the government of those people used loan waivers as a tool to win polls .
Badal said a panel for farmers cause would be a real tribute to Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan .
Prime Minister Narendramodi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers .
Modi , who is addressing the summit along with us President Barack Obama , said heavy investments in infrastructure and agriculture will improve economy .
Press trust of India , New Delhi , Jun 1 2017 , 19:02 Istthe animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders , Arunjaitley said , adding that 'This is the only effect of the notification .
Prime Minister Modi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently , also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial Drought-Prone areas .
Speaking in the state legislative assembly , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body , and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and Tribals .
This story is from December 12 , 2018Picture used for representational purpose Onlydownload the times of India news app for latest Citybhopal : a year after the incident of firing in Mandsaur leading to death of six farmers , the Congress president Gandhi in June this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in Madhya Pradesh .
( source : AP ) with uncertainly prevailing over the fate of IPL matches in Drought-Hit Maharashtra , IPL chairman Shukla Shukla on Friday said they are committed to the welfare of the farmers and will do whatever is suggested to them .
On claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists , Amarindersingh said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers .
In a recent letter to the prime minister , RAM said his government is willing to consider waiving 50 of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request .
In the last 10 years , Naveenpatnaik said , Odisha has doubled farmers income and lifted eight million people above the poverty line .
We 'll certainly examine it ( proposal for waiving farm loans ) , Naveenpatnaik said .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee has recently announced that 128 Kishan Bazars have been set up across the state to ensure that farmers can sell their produce directly to markets in New Delhi .
While talking after inaugurating the new service , Haryana chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said that the portal would help providing agriculture related information directly and online to the farmers .
A beaming Mr. Rajender , immediately after presenting his fifth budget to the state assembly on Thursday , told a media conference that the budget was focussed on finer aspects of farming with the closure of loan waiver for farmers amounting to RS . 17,000 crore last year .
Holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region , RAM said Stern action will be taken against them .
Today , I want to thank farmers of Gujarat for accepting my vision of conserving water through sprinklers , drip irrigation and micro irrigation tools , which significantly brought up ground water levels , said Modi .
Mumbai : cm Devendra Fadnavis told toi on Tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001 .
Lauding the role played by Punjabis in socio-economic development of Gujarat , Modi said : nearly 50,000 Sikhs had lived peacefully in Gujarat since centuries , thereby intermingling with other communities and playing a proactive role in the States development any officer of the Gujarat government , compelling the farmers to leave the state , should understand clearly that in such a case , he will have to leave Gujarat .
Referring to the change in the budget dates , Modi said it was in the interest of India 's predominantly rural economy to prepare the budget immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year .
Bhachau : prime minister Modi today said the next generation should be taught to use water judiciously and advised farmers to use drip and sprinkler irrigation systems .
Why they do n't help farmers in distress , Modi said addressing an election rally at Rohaniya , on the outskirts of his parliamentary constituency Varanasi .
Van Dhan ( Forest-Based economy , Jan Dhan ( financial empowerment of the poor ) , and JAL Dhan ( water conservation to power irrigation of agriculture ) could be ethical , economical and an ecological mean of making India a nation to reckon with by 2022 on the world stage , Gadkari quoted Modi having told the conclave .
A sensitive government , which works for the development of farmers , is needed in the state , Prime Minister Modi said .
As BJP members including Venkaiah Naidu , Najma Heptulla and Ravi Shankar Prasad disagreed and were up on their feet demanding immediate discussion on the chopper deal and defence minister a K Antonys response on it , Shukla said a debate on farmers problems was slated for tomorrow on Naidus demand and if he agreed to change it government can discuss the chopper deal tomorrow itself .
Jain said : the farmers will be provided with an online soil health card .
Farmer suicides : increase in ex Gratia effective from Aprilbengaluru , October 15 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:27 Istcooperation minister H s RAM on Wednesday said hike in compensation to family members of farmers who have committed suicide and widow pension announced by chief minister RAM recently , will have retrospective effect from April 2015 .
At the meeting , Fadnavis said he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work .
We are asking the prime minister Modi to spare some money from this huge amount for providing debt relief to the farmers , he said , while asserting that it is the duty of everyone including the government of India to save the farmers from committing suicide .
At the rally , which was organised as Thanksgiving meet of farmers for the agricultural farm loan waiver executed by the Kamal Nath government , Gandhi said the waiver is just the beginning , were also committed to starting food processing units and cold storages near farmers plots in every district of the state .
( source : Ani_News/Twitter ) Shivrajsinghchouhan said his government was Pro-Farmer and recalled efforts underway to make farming a profitable business in MP .
Prime Minister Modi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers .
Moreover , farmers could now pay electricity bills in four installments in a year , if the amount is above RS 10,000 , energy minister Shrikant RAM said .
Mr Shah also attacked former prime minister Manmohan Singh , alleging that Dr Singh used to say that minorities have a right on the country 's resources , however , Mr Modi said the first right on the country 's resources should be of Dalits , people from weaker sections and farmers .
Prime Minister Narendramodi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the BJP government in Uttar Pradesh .
Siddaramaiah said that the government would increase the compensation from RS 1 lakh to RS 5 lakh to the families of farmers who committed suicide in the state .
By providing POS machines to traders , we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash , Fadnavis said .
Reap crop insurance benefit : PM Modibelagavi : Feb 28 , 2016 , Dhns : 1:43 Istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers , said prime minister Modi , as he set out to explain details of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana at a farmers convention in Belagavi on Saturday .
Speaking at a meeting to review preparations for the Kharif season , Fadnavis said ; efforts to bring maximum farmers within the institutional credit mechanism through fresh crop loans should be taken up on a mission mode .
The Congress will install a people 's government in the state which will empower farmers , small and medium businesses and provide employment to the youth , Gandhi said .
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis has warned district cooperative banks and other financial institutions of stern action if they turn down eligible loan requests of farmers ahead of the Kharif season .
Follow our election coverage Hereassuring the farmers in particular , Modi said : the NDA government , soon after being voted to power for a second time , will start working on priority to double the income of farmers by 2022 .
Talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister Narendra Modi led central government , Smritiirani said : under the leadership of prime minister Modi , whether it is the interest of the nation , farmers or common men , every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement .
After beginning his speech in Yavatmal in the local Banjara dialect , paying tributes to the Communitys saints like Sevalal and speaking for a while in Marathi , Modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the Rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of Rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension .
Pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 Apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable , RAM claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states .
Responding to clarifications from members , Siddaramaiah said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of Arecanut , coconut , coffee and cotton growers in distress .
They expressed solidarity with protesting farmers of the state and also unfolded a roadmap for farmers debt waiver plan if Congress comes to power .
I will humbly ask the CM Ashok Gehlot to provide the required information in the interest of farmers , said Modi .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley may announce several measures to revamp farm infrastructure and support farmers as the National Democratic alliance government seeks to win over this politically important section of society before crucial state elections next month , a top official familiar with the matter said .
Modi said that under the BJP government 's direct benefit transfer scheme , Pm-Kisan , RS 75,000 crore would be allocated annually .
In case the farmers suffer any loss , it would be compensated by this Pradhikaran , Manoharlalkhattar said .
Hailing the farmers for record production , particularly production of pulses , Modi said he wants to thank the farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulses , besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people .
Union urban development minister Naidu in Gandhinagar on Monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops .
( PTI file photo ) Congress vice-president Gandhi on Saturday said his Mahayatra from Deoria in Eastern Uttar Pradesh to Delhi from September 6 is a campaign to help secure rights of the poor , farmers and labourers in government resources .
Chandigarh : the Haryana government is in talks with various companies for the domestic production of bio-fuel from stubble and also has plans to provide agriculture implements to farmers on subsidised rates to keep a check on the practice of burning paddy stubble in the state , chief minister Manoharlalkhattar said .
We will fix the MSP of crops incorporating 50 profit in farmers cost of production including seed , irrigation , manure , and labour , Modi had said at a rally in Pathankot on April 25 , 2014 .
Stressing on the importance of a second green revolution in the Eastern states of Odisha , Jharkhand , Bihar , West Bengal and North-eastern States , Modi said that by 2022 , when India celebrates the 75th year of its independence , the income of farmers will have doubled .
Unabated crisis over the Decades* farmers suicides from 1995 to 2011 : 53,818* farmers suicides from 2009 to 2014 : 3,000 annually on an average ( according to the National crime records bureau ) * according to the state statistics , the figure from 2001 to 2014 is much less , at 17,645 deaths , or an average of 1,260 farmers annually # why the change in approach* while so far , successive governments in the state have focussed on large-scale schemes for entire regions and announcing of compensation packages after natural disasters , the new policy is trying to zero in on specific Families* the decision for the change was taken after 11 bureaucrats went to visit villages in Yavatmal in Vidarbha and Osmanabad in Marathwada , two of the Worst-Affected rural regions in the State* the officials met families of farmers who had committed suicides , and also spoke to local administration officials to gauge the reasons behind the Deaths* the state is looking at including farm labourers and marginal farmers in its Net* these groups normally fall off the compensation net as they dont own land or may not have papers to show their Debts* chief minister Devendrafadnavis had earlier asked the state administration to prepare a policy to tackle farmers suicides , which led to this exercise .
Making a Suo Moto statement today in Lok Sabha on the trade pact clinched at the WTO meeting at Geneva last night , commerce minister Nirmalasitharaman said besides accepting its concerns on public Stockholding , the deal by the 160-Member body allows India to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers .
Bengaluru : Anti-Land grabbing action committee convener a T RAM said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land .
Continuing the attack on Congress at another rally , Raje said , Rahulgandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer , but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for UpTo RS 50K .
Modi said his governments focus was on agriculture and doubling farm income by 2022 .
Crediting the small and medium farmers of Gujarat with revolutionising agriculture in the last one decade , Modi said 95 per cent of our farmers are small or medium sized farmers .
Promising to clear the dues of sugarcane farmers within 14 days , Yogiadityanath announced five-six new sugar mills will be opened in the state over the next six months .
Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal ( file photo ) Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal on Monday announced a grant of RS 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the Whitefly menace .
Central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on November 7 and 8 , RAM said .
Siddaramaiah said primary agricultural credit co-operative societies in the state will be computerised in a phased manner during the next three years .
The separate state is not for the rich , it was for the poor farmers and the students who were subjugated by Andhra rulers , Tjac chief Prof RAM said .
Speaking at a farmers rally in Belagavi region of Karnataka , Modi said , we must strive to facilitate the linkage of rivers .
( file photo ) to save farmers from distress selling of crops in open market , Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Monday approved setting up of a price stabilisation fund in the state .
Echoing Ravindranaths views , H C RAM , president of advocates association of Bengaluru , said , we have to give justice to the litigants and many of the litigants are farmers .
Siddaramaiah , during the meeting today , also announced that all cases against farmers during Kalasa-Banduri protest will be withdrawn .
The changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation ( R & R ) measures to farmers , Prime Minister Modi said .
Speaking about the farm crisis , Naidu said the BJP will protect farmers and ensure that they can sell their agriculture produce anywhere in India .
Crop Insurancepatna : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh on Friday said the centre has extended to August 31 the last date to enrol in the Pradhan Mantri Fasal BIMA Yojana for Bihar , aimed at enabling farmers to avail insurance cover against crop loss because of natural calamities .
We have set up an agriculture price commission with Rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost , Siddaramaiah said .
The project cost worked out to RS 18 lakh , involving 150 mushroom farmers , Sanjeevkumar said .
Recently , PM Modi announced the decision to provide the MSP ( minimum support price ) which shall be one and a half times the input cost for any agricultural produce for both Rabi and Kharif crops .
Noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship , Modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare , tourism , information technology , agriculture , blue economy and energy .
( source : PTI photo/file ) as whether the land in Singur would be fit for cultivation again , Mamatabanerjee said : according to some agricultural experts , as no farming had taken place there for a decade , it was now more fertile than before .
Picture by Nagendra Kumar Singhpatna : all Bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years , deputy chief minister Modi said on Wednesday .
Though the ordinance is lapsing , 13 of its points , meant to provide direct financial benefit to farmers , are being brought under the rules effective from Sunday so farmers do not face financial loss , said Modi .
Terming providing water for irrigation as a major thrust area of the BJP government , Modi said Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana is a major step in this direction , which has helped farmers considerably .
Seeking deeper economic engagement , Modi said Indias capacities in trade , investments , information and communication technology , space , agriculture , health care , small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the SCO countries .
Addressing a gathering after distributing Farm-Debt waiver certificates at his ancestral village , Mehraj , Amarindersingh said influential politicians and officials would also be taken to task if they were found involved in cases of sacrilege and police firing the arrest of the former SSP turned into a talking point at the event .
Modi claimed that the waivers announced by the Congress governments in the states would benefit a maximum of 20 to 30 per cent farmers , while his scheme would reach 90 to 95 per cent farmers .
In his keynote address , C RAM , president , Indian society of agricultural economics and former Vice-Chancellor of agricultural University , Coimbatore said the government could establish an agricultural marketing Council , comprising both public and private stakeholders to monitor , investigate , analyse and advise market interventions .
The project , which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of Drought-Prone areas of Kolar , Chikkaballapur and Bengaluru rural districts , has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project , said Siddaramaiah .
After a survey of crop loss and amid mounting criticism from the Congress and resentment shown by the farmers , chief minister park announced a RS 600 crore relief for cotton growers .
While chief minister Naveen Patnaik thanked farmers for agreeing to leave their land for the refinery project , Modi said : the Paradip project has shown that farmers here are ready to give their land so that Lakhs of youths get jobs , he added .
It was in January this year , while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the National Bank for agriculture and rural development ( Nabard ) , Manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by September 30 .
Siddaramaiah said all DCs and SPS had been directed to take action against moneylenders if they harass farmers for loan recovery .
While appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which Demonetisation has shaped , PM Modi in his speech said the following : the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop , central bank .
Comparing suicide of farmers in Karnataka with up , Yogiadityanath said up has a population of 23 crore , which is three times higher than that of Karnataka , but there are no cases of farmer suicides in the northern state .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till May 20 .
Chief minister RAM said that he has directed the cops to release farmers .
Prime Minister Modi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the BJP government in Uttar Pradesh .
However , the Badals , with their selective memory , had conveniently forgotten about this fact while accusing me of cheating the farmers on the debt waiver issue , Amarindersingh said , adding that the Akali leaders should check out the facts before making such unsubstantiated statements .
Naidu asked the Congress to behave in a more mature and responsible manner to help restore normalcy in the hotbed of the farmers protest , instead of fanning sentiments .
Sanjeev Kumar Vermasushil Kumar Modipatna : deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi on Monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes , ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers ' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018 .
If BJP forms government in up , Modi said , I promise you we will form a special task force to ensure that lands looted from farmers and middle-class people would be restored .
Puducherry lt governor Kiranbedi on Sunday said economic development of a country largely depends on the progress of its agriculture , industry , trade and service sector .
Reacting to Congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers , Arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue .
He used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming , due to which the community faced hardship , Modi said , without naming Nehru .
If there is a ray of hope in the world economy today , it is India , Modi said at the rally attended by thousands of farmers .
Amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in Maharashtra , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state .
Panaji : governor Mridulasinha on Tuesday said that her governments highest priority was alleviating farmers woes and raising their standard of living .
In her message to the family of Jakhar , Gandhi said , the Congress party as indeed the entire nation will forever remember the contributions made by him during the course of his long public life , particularly to the cause of farming community .
A field survey would be conducted within four weeks , following which the physical possession of the land would be handed over to the farmers , Mamatabanerjee said .
Raje had said , in the history of Rajasthan , this is the first government that has waived off crop loans up to RS 50,000 ; the last two governments at the centre had waived off farm loans up to RS 10,000 only .
Blaming the then Upa-Ii government for its flawed policies at an election rally in Sujanpur Tira , Modi had said , the farmers work hard , cultivate apples .
We have taken opinion of scientific community and considered interest of farming community in allowing their use , he said .
Why can we not have a blue economy , and why should our farmers not export their produce , said Modi .
The cm said that the state government had also decided to give a financial assistance worth RS . 50,000 each to landless labourers to bail them out of the current agrarian crisis .
The credit for this goes to every worker of the Congress party , who under Rahul 's active guidance , carried out a sustained agitation , Gandhi said , hailing the leadership of the Congress vice president to the cause of farmers .
Mandsaur farmers protest : Union minister M.Venkaiahnaidu said that Madhya Pradesh is an island of calm , while urging Congress to not Politicise the issue .
Nakodar : on the occasion of farmers debt waiver function at Nakodar , Punjab chief minister Amarinder on Wednesday announced infrastructure project worth RS 113 crore for Shahkot area , which is going to have a Byelection after the death of sitting MLA Ajit Singh Kohar .
The drought areas will be notified in consultation with states , rural development secretary J K RAM told PTI .
Siddaramaiah said that a report would be prepared after the cabinet Sub-Committees tour the state for assessing drought situation .
We are not going to take agricultural land tax from those outside the purview of land ceiling , Mamatabanerjee told the rally in Kharagpur .
Prime Minister Narendramodi on Saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country , said Niti Aayogs vice-chairman Rajiv Kumar .
We will bring policies to facilitate investment by the corporate sector in agriculture , Modi said .
Modi said in the past four years at the centre and 13 years in Madhya Pradesh , the BJP had worked for the uplift and empowerment of poor , farmers and deprived sections of society .
Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh ( Pti/File ) Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh ( Pti/File ) Punjab chief minister captain Amarindersingh on Friday said his government would soon announce its decision on farm debt waiver based on the recommendations of the T Haq expert committee , which is scheduled to submit its report shortly .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural India 's issues , even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural India and agriculture is not populism .
Modi to address farmers ' rally in Belagavi on February 27Hubballi , Feb 9 , 2016 , Dhns : 3:11 Iststate BJP president Pralhad RAM announced on Monday that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would address a farmers convention to be held in Belagavi on February 27 .
Expressing concern over the spate of farmer suicides across the country , Modi said that the banks should be more considerate towards the debt ridden farmers .
Terming his government as Pro-Farmer and Pro-Poor , Modi said : We are a committed government .
Later in the day , ending his road show in the old city , Rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like Mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers .
Mandsaur farmers protest : Union minister Naidu said that Madhya Pradesh is an island of calm , while urging Congress to not Politicise the issue .
Sanjeev Kumar Vermasushil Kumar Modipatna : deputy chief minister Modi on Monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes , ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers ' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018 .
Modi said farmers income will be doubled in 6 years ; it is a Jumla-Type statement unlikely to be achieved , he said .
Perhaps seeking to counter this claim , Modi said , economic growth has meaning only if it empowers the poor , farmers , women , as well as the middle and Neo-Middle classes of all communities .
Ram Prasad RAM , Secretary of the Jamuna Valley dairy cooperative society said the banks intervention has resulted in more income to the farmers which has motivated the producers to concentrate on cattle rearing .
When the members pressed for waiving of farm loans , Siddaramaiah said farmers have availed RS 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and RS 35,000 crore from commercial banks .
Prime Minister Modi on Saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country , said Niti Aayogs vice-chairman Rajiv Kumar .
After four years in office , Prime Minister Narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers MSPs that are at least 50 per cent above the cost ( A2+Fl and not C2 ) .
Budget is close to dreams of people : Pmnew Delhi , Feb 29 , 2016 ( PTI ) 19:05 Istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people , Prime Minister Modi today said its biggest focus is on villages , poor people , farmers , women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes .
Addressing a farmers rally which coincided with the 75th birthday of BJP state president B s Yeddyurappa , Modi told the massive crowd : this SEEDA Rupaiyya Sarkar should not be allowed to continue even for a minute .
Once the report comes in , we will take measures to compensate farmers , Nitishkumar said .
The families of the farmers ( who were killed in Mandsaur last year ) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing , says the Congress president .
Asked about farm loan waiver , a key Pre-Poll promise of the Punjab Congress , Amarindersingh said he was fully committed to implementing the same and would ensure that adequate funds are released for it .
May these festivals bring abundance of happiness and prosperity in the lives of our hardworking farmers , Modi said .
Ram RAM , a political analyst and former professor , Haryana agricultural University , Hissar , said that the BJP is likely to emerge as the winner in the region .
The distribution of food grains in the villages will ensure not a single farmer goes to sleep hungry , he added .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till May 20 .
15 : Union agriculture minister Radhamohansingh today announced setting up of a regional centre of the National centre of organic farming ( Ncof ) , headquartered in Ghaziabad , Uttar Pradesh , to promote organic farming .
The decision was also evaluated by the J-Pal South Asia and the World Bank following the announcement of the project , chief minister Capt Amarindersingh had claimed that the project would encourage farmers to save power and water and would also help in crop diversification and result in accurate energy accounting and curbing wasteful consumption .
( source : PTI photo ) exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology , Prime Minister Modi on Monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of independence .
48Pm : the government will set up Gramin Haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces , says Modi .
Siddaramaiah said he will soon write a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , urging him to waive at least 50 of farm loans taken from various nationalised banks in view of the severe drought in Karnataka .
Vardhan said , Prime Minister Modi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country .
Not only farmers loans will be waived , but also educative programmes will be introduced , he said .
Elaborating on the plan , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the long-term measures to root out drought and farmer suicides in the state would require environmental preservation .
Ragi , Jowar may come under Pdsthe state is ready to include Ragi and Jowar under the public distribution system ( PDS ) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it , said chief minister Siddaramaiah on Wednesday after launching the Anna Bhagya Yojane , Dhns reports from Bangalore .
( source : AP photo ) saving farmers is the priority of his government , Karnataka chief minister H D Kumaraswamy said today , as he promised to honour his commitment to waive farm loans within 15 days and insisted there was no going back on it .
Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das also said a time limit for farmers to pay crop insurance premiums has been extended by 15 days .
Jaipur : Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhararaje on Thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to RS 50,000 .
Modi wants RBI to prepare 20-Yr road map for fin Inclusionmumbai , Apr 2 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 13:41 Istprime minister Narendramodi today asked the Reserve Bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them , especially farmers .
To obviate any confusion on the subject , I categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income , Arunjaitley said in a statement .
Apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives , owing to the ongoing legislative session , RAM said he would do so once the session concluded .
We have agreed to enhance our engagement in several areas including in agriculture , renewable energy , and power sector , said Modi in a joint address to the media with Suu Kyi .
Govt ready with contingency plan to deal with poor monsoon : Minnew Delhi , June 2 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 22:53 Istthe government is ready with contingency plans in 580 districts to deal with poor monsoon , agriculture minister Radhamohansingh said today .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis , who reviewed the drought situation in Marathwada last week and sought to infuse confidence in farmers by announcing a slew of measures , told this paper that his government was concerned about the farmer suicides and has taken several steps to bring them down .
Pointing out that a special crop loss assessment report was already being prepared to assess crop damage due to rain , Amarindersingh said losses due to fire caused by any other reason will be compensated from the CMS relief fund .
( file photo ) as farmers in some parts of Maharashtra on Thursday went on a strike , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition Congress and NCP were instigating them for political gains .
Market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after Aicc president Rahulgandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to RS 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in Madhya Pradesh .
In Punjab 's context , Amarindersingh said the agriculture sector , which was largely dependent on cash transactions , had been hit hard , along with the informal sector .
Read | amid complaints , up cm Yogi orders framing of Anti-Romeo Guidelinesfarmer loan Waiverat his first cabinet meeting , Yogiadityanath said the state government would waive loans of RS 36,359 crore taken by about 94 lakh small and marginal farmers Uttar Pradesh .
The Congress vice president said he would force the Bjp-Led NDA government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers .
What makes this more significant is that after a long gap of 10 to 15 years , a large chunk of farmers who were denied fresh bank loans because of past defaults , would now be eligible for crop loans providing an opportunity to start afresh in their struggle for existence , Tiwari told toi .
A sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers , RAM said .
In this situation , the centre will have to step in to help the farmers , said Siddaramaiah .
Modi said if Sardar Vallabhai Patel had been the prime minister at the time , the condition of farmers would have been much better .
To fill the gap in storage capacity requirements , Nabard should interact with private sector players , Pranabmukherjee said , addressing the foundation day of National Bank for agriculture and rural development , the apex bank for agriculture sector loans in the country .
Prime Minister Modi said , the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run India but to create a new India , adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last Five-Years during which the youth , women , farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes .
We have agreed to set up a committee to allot agricultural land to Tribals provided they submit proof of pre-2005 land cultivation , chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said .
Bangalore , July 25 , 2013 , Dhns : 23:32 Istchief minister RAM on Thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers ( recognition of forest rights ) act , 2006 , to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years .
Virtually kicking off his party 's campaign for the assembly elections due towards the end of the year , Gandhi said if the Congress comes to power in MP , those responsible for the death of the six farmers would face strict action within 10 days .
Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan on Saturday announced the setting up of commission which would assess the input cost of agriculture produce , and said he was pained to see the violence in the state during the farmers agitation .
We will create a food chain from where the produce will go the cities and farmers will directly receive the money due to them , Rahulgandhi says .
Modi said that he wanted to assure people that this Chowkidar is determined to ensure that every drop of water meant for farmers reaches them .
Open to changes in land bill that benefit poor : Pmnew Delhi : May 28 , 2015 , Dhns 2:14 Istparties should keep aside political motives : Modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers , poor , village and nation will be accepted , Prime Minister Modi said on Wednesday asserting that along with GST bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time .
Chief minister Mamatabanerjee on Wednesday said that the centre must waive farm loans across the country and not pass the buck to the States .
Chandigarh : trashing the union as a Jumla , Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh on Friday said it was a hogwash , which had nothing for farmers and youths but would burden the common man .
Hemant said initially prime minister Modi had said that his government would safeguard farmers ' land , but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland .
Deshpande had also said that Prime Minister Manmohansingh had announced a package for Vidarbhas Crisis-Ridden farmers , which included one for irrigation .
Speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the University of agricultural sciences , Bangalore , RAM said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce .
Modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the BJP came to power in the state .
We dont want an India where only a handful get everything , fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers , Rahul said .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022 .
In an indirect but obvious reference to Nehru , Babu said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming .
Farmers ' suicide ; cm RAM to lead all party delegation to Pmhubballi ( Karna ) , Aug 5 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 16:53 Istkarnataka chief minister RAM today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides , unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state .
Sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount , but RAM may announce a partial loan waiver , thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers , reeling under severe drought .
Modi told the Lok Sabha that the problems of the farmers were old , widespread and deep-rooted .
Magisterial probe into farmer suicide Orderedbelgaum , Nov 28 , 2013 , Dhns : 2:42 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower Vithal Bheemappa Arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation .
Modi further said farmers of Maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under Fadnavis leadership .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley ( file ) finance minister Arunjaitley ( file ) soon after finance minister Arunjaitley announced the centres disassociation with loan waivers for farmers , the Congress party on Tuesday lashed out at the former , saying the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) must not make promises they can not deliver .
Chief minister RAM , who launched the integrated marketing project , said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business .
With the number of farmers dwindling , time has come that experts in the field introspect and find reasons why the situation has come to such a passe , RAM said in his presidential address at the inauguration of a two-day National agriculture conclave ( Nac ) at a city hotel .
Stating that the government has already made representation to the centre for setting up a corpus fund for crop failure compensation , chief minister Vijayrupani said that for the year 2019 , the state government has purchased crop insurance for RS 12,000 crore sum insured .
Modi said that the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana would offer credit cards , which could be used to offset any crisis and eventually help in preventing suicides among farmers and other poor sections .
My government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of Maharashtra and a total of RS 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it , chief minister Devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly , replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state 's 48,000 villages .
On a day 's visit to participate in the Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ( SSSV ) Sammelan and other programmes organised by the BJP to mark three years of the Narendra Modi government at the centre , Naidu said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states .
He said today : Modi said , 'I will change the life of farmers ' .
By Iansjaipur : the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the Congress will do it if comes to power after the Lok Sabha polls , Congress president Rahulgandhi said at a farmers ' outreach here on Wednesday .
Compensation to farmers after joint survey report : Cmapril 18 , 2015 , Gangavati ( Koppal Dist ) , Dhns 2:32 Istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the Hyderabad-Karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report , chief minister RAM said on Friday .
The upa government had waived off RS 70,000 crore loan of farmers .
Continuing the attack on Congress at another rally , Raje said , Gandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer , but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for UpTo RS 50K .
Pticongress leaders on Sunday termed union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singhs remark on the ongoing farmers strike , or Gaon Bandh , as insensitive and full of arrogance .
Dev Rajpatna : chief minister Nitishkumar on Wednesday said the government had decided to implement the Bihar Rajya Fasal Sahayata Yojna to protect farmers against the vagaries of nature as they were not benefiting from the centre 's crop insurance scheme .
( source : AP ) prime minister Narendramodi has asked 11 Drought-Hit states including Maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for Drought-Proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of June .
Aware that the government is often being criticised following the suicide of farmers , Naveenpatnaik said : We are the only state to have doubled farmers ' income in the last decade .
Picture by Nagendra Kumar Singhpatna : all Bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years , deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi said on Wednesday .
Almost all member states are opposed to the Niti Aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act , however , many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Friday .
Earlier this month , just when the unrest has started , Fadnavis had announced a RS 30,000-Crore waiver for 40 Lakh-Odd small and marginal farmers whose loans were overdue .
Prime Minister Modi on April 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains .
Whatever may be the difficulty , our Governmentis committed to maintaining fiscal discipline , and also saving you ( farmers ) , Kumaraswamy told the meeting after listening to farmers for about three hours .
Meanwhile , RAM on Sunday told reporters in Mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver .
Chief minister RAM said , we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of Karnataka .
With farmers ending lives in the parched Saurashtra region in an election year , chief minister Modi on Tuesday announced an ambitious RS 10,000-Crore irrigation project , to be called Saurashtra Narmada Avtaran irrigation Yojana ( Sauni ) , which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with Narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers .
On the Pro-Farmer initiatives in the budget , Modi claimed that for many years , initiatives had been taken for peasants but many of them never came under the ambit of these schemes .
We will not let a factory ( power plant ) come up here until and unless farmers are paid compensation as per the coming Bill of parliament , Amarindersingh said , while accusing Badals of speeding up the acquisitions for personal gains .
Asked what could the government do to help farmers battling agrarian crisis and deficient rainfall , Gandhi said we have made a slow transition from agricultural economy to knowledge economy and industry economy .
Suicide not a Solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state , Siddaramaiah said that suicide is not a solution .
After the meeting , RAM told reporters that the veteran Congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in Cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals .
Gandhi also said if voted to power , the Congress will waive farmers ' loans within 10 days of forming government .
Share this article related article at drought meet , PM Modi says learn from Shivajiat drought meet , PM Modi says learn from Shivaji Karnataka cm Siddaramaiah meets PM Modi , seeks RS 12,272 CR to tackle drought Situationkarnataka cm Siddaramaiah meets PM Modi , seeks RS 12,272 CR to tackle drought situation up seeks RS 11,000 CR to meet drought situation as Akhilesh meets PM Modiup seeks RS 11,000 CR to meet drought situation as Akhilesh meets PM Modi IPL 2016 : sewage water to run the cash-rich Leagueipl 2016 : sewage water to run the cash-rich league Maharashtra to raise loans to tackle Droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought Flood-Like situation in parts of Gujarat , toll reaches 27Elaborating on Gujarats efforts at water conservation , recharge and creation of water bodies , the CM said that 1 .
Now , we want to ensure 50 of the farmers avail the insurance , said Modi .
Quota for farmers ' children in Agri Varsitymysore , Feb 24 , 2014 , Dhns : 0:39 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children .
( file ) Karnataka chief minister H D Kumaraswamy on Monday said he is committed to waive farm loans or else he will retire from politics and asked people not to fall prey to the Bjps conspiracy .
The farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts , which many state governments , including Punjab , had been repeatedly seeking , and also to give them the due price for their produce , he said , reiterating his demand for implementation of the Swaminathan commission report .
A minister who does not connect with the woes of the farmers had no business holding the portfolio , Amarindersingh said in a statement released in Chandigarh on Sunday .
Modi said India is currently in a crucial phase of nation building and the government 's mission is to build a prosperous India where farmers are capable , workers satisfied , women empowered and youth self-reliant .
Likewise , Badal also asked him to issue Tubewell connections for farmers having land near the border fence on the top priority .
Farmers in Karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme , says PM .
Stating that the government is working to strengthen Agri-Marketing in a big way , Modi said the efforts are being made to link rural Mandis to Apmc wholesale markets to global market to enhance farmers income .
Announcing relief for farmers , Modi said , government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop , central bank .
Speaking at the programme , RAM said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers , demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield .
Agriculture Minister RAM said steps are being taken to provide counseling to the aggrieved farmers .
Punjab chief minister Amarindersingh said , when farmers , who feed the nation , are forced to take to streets to draw attention to their pitiable condition , then it does not augur well for the country .
Responding to the opposition parties , commerce and industry minister RAM said the government was seized of the problems being faced by Drought-Hit farmers in Tamil Nadu and that finance minister Arun Jaitley , agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh and water resources minister RAM Bharti have already met delegations from the state .
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers , Naidu said , adding that RS 415 .
Modi said Fadnavis had provided political stability , social harmony , law and order opportunities for investment , better facilities for farmers and ensured benefits of central schemes for people of the state .
Prime Minister Narendramodi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the Aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government , particularly in agriculture , rural housing and railway sectors .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022 .
D RAM ( CPI ) said the government was waiving loans of other sectors and asked why it couldnt do the same for farmers .
Later in the day , Punjab chief minister Parkashsinghbadal said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from Tuesday , and RS 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours .
Chief minister H.D . H.D.Kumaraswamys said the government has extended duration of the scheme for the benefit of the farming community .
As many leaders were opposed waving loans borrowed by Mlas , Mlcs , and representatives of local bodies , Mr. H.D.Kumaraswamys said even employees of co-operatives earning a salary of RS . 3 lakh a year and some individuals paying income tax of RS . 3 lakh a year have borrowed farm loans .
Also read : Pm-Kisan scheme an insult to farmers , says Priyanka Gandhiduring the Demonetisation , no thief or person with black money , but farmers , youths , unemployed , and people of Bundelkhand stood in the queues , said Gandhi .
State BJP president Pralhad RAM said a delegation of party MPs would meet chief minister RAM in New Delhi on Tuesday to discuss the issue of compensation to farmers .
We have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security , peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space , science and technology , oil and gas , renewable energy , infrastructure development , agriculture and innovation-based sectors , Naidu said .
Instead , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan announced a new incentive scheme in which a farmer gets 10 subsidy on the principal amount while repaying the loan .
To this , Modi said these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government is a taking a number of steps to address them .
Siddaramaiah had announced that the government was allowing farmers to produce Neera in the 2013-14 budget itself .
Listing the sops offered by her government , Mamatabanerjee said it has already given financial benefits to 30,000 farmers under 'Krishi Bondhu ' scheme under which they will get the assistance of RS 5,000 per acre in two instalments , one during Kharif and another during Rabi season .
Clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink Bollworm attack , Fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process .
Rahul Gandhi said he would force the Bjp-Led NDA government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers .
Apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives , owing to the ongoing legislative session , Siddaramaiah said he would do so once the session concluded .
India has always been called an agrarian country but this is the first time that people have realised that with the budget being dedicated to farm sector , Union minister Mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters .
Punjab is closely following the footsteps of Uttar Pradesh , where chief minister Yogiadityanath announced a waiver of loans to farmers soon after taking charge .
We have been working speedily in all sectors , whether it is the JAL Jeevan mission , respect and help for each and every farmer in the country , setting free our Muslim women from the malaise of triple Talaq , or laws for strengthening childrens security , said Modi .
Last week , chief minister Devendrafadnavis had said that the Marathwada region will be made Drought-Free in the next few years .
On the Pm-Kisan scheme , under which RS 6,000 per annum are transferred to the accounts of farmers who have less than five acres of land , Modi said after the Lok Sabha polls , the five-acre condition would be removed , and more Cultivators would be covered .
With the Maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls , chief minister Devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly Thursday that this could cost the state Exchequer an additional RS 8,000 crore .
The requirement of funds for the infrastructure , agriculture , horticulture , animal husbandry , women and child development , health and education sectors in the region is RS 16,000 crore , Siddaramaiah said .
We will waive off loans of farmers but at an appropriate time and will also take centres help for the same , Fadnavis told reporters after the cabinet meeting .
Naidu , in response , said the agriculture sector achieved 11 per cent growth rate during his government .
Coke heeds to PM 's call , to launch fizzy drink with fruit Juicenew Delhi , Feb 11 , 2016 , ( PTI ) : 14:48 Istbeverages giant Coca-Cola is set to launch a new 'Juice with fizz ' drink , more than a year after Prime Minister Modi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help Indian farmers increase sales .
Fadnavis said , apart from the budgetary provisions for irrigation projects , RS 1,000 crore for flagship Jalyukta Shivar Abhiyan will help in rolling out several thousand water conservation works in 5,500 villages reeling under drought .
Dh news service , Bengaluru , Jun 10 2017 , 1:10 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for Karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them .
Later , talking to media persons , Amarindersingh said the state government will compensate the farmers if the centre does not meet their demand for withdrawal of value cut on the minimum support price ( MSP ) in the procurement of wheat due to damage to crops by unseasonal rain .
Although chief minister Siddaramaiah claimed that the government has already distributed nearly RS 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop , it 's been a case of so near , yet so far .
Fadnavis also said his government was positive about the loan waiver to farmers but did not promise an upa Lokayukta for Nagpur civic body .
In the union budget 2018 , finance minister Arunjaitley announced a 100 per cent tax deduction for farmer producer companies ( Fpcs ) for the next five years .
There are incentives for farmers who repaid loans in time .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said , the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural Maharashtra .
I am very happy that the MP government is working on Afforestation , PM Modi said while promising that the government is committed towards doubling the income of farmers in 2022 .
From land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions , the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers , chief minister Devendrafadnavis said on Sunday .
When asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers , RAM said he would do that after visiting Drought-Affected parts of Karnataka .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural India 's issues , even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural India and agriculture is not populism .
Chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan had on Monday said that his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers .
Budget Reactionsterming the budget as historic , chief minister Shivrajsinghchouhan said it was largely a budget designed for the welfare of farmers , development of the poor and a budget that empowers women .
Delivering the 38th edition of his 'Mann Ki Baat ' , Prime Minister Narendramodi said , can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022 ?
We have been raising the issue of loan waiver from day one and now its time to take it to people , as the government only wants to road roll on our demands and ignore the concerns of farmers , Ashok Chavan , state president of Congress told Ht , after a joint meeting of opposition leaders .
Reiterating his Partys promise to waive off farmers loans if voted to power , Gandhi said , let our government assume power in MP .
Pm Modi told global leaders in attendance at cop 14 how India has 'Soil cards ' to help the farmers understand the health of the soil .
Speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with Deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of Zilla Panchayats of 12 districts of North Karnataka , RAM said the initial response from Maharashtra had been positive .
Highlighting Pradhan Mantri Kisan BIMA Yojna , Smritiirani said the centre has approved Kisan Vigyan Kendra in Amethi and if the state government provided land , it would be started soon .
As per the constitutional provisions , the scheme of crop loan waiver for farmers should be implemented by getting the budget passed , Yogiadityanath said .
1:50 PM : Meanwhile , Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogiadityanath has said that welfare of farmers is the welfare of the country .
39 PM : agriculture sector needs evergreen revolution Sadakaal Haritkaal , says PM Modi .
The Dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of Karnataka , Siddaramaiah told reporters on the occasion .
We have committed that in 2019 , we will have a government that will make up for all the crimes that Narendra Modi has done against farmers in five years , Gandhi said .
Talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance , Arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach .
The monsoon has turned out to be little better than what was expected , therefore agriculture production may do better than what was originally expected , Babu said .
Addressing the opening session of the two-day conference in which union cabinet ministers , food and agriculture ministers from states and senior government officials are taking part , Pranabmukherjee said procurement of foodgrains and enhancement of storage capacity in view of the proposed national food security act .
The banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits , Fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee ( Slbc ) , which represents all types of banks , at Sahyadri guesthouse in Mumbai .
People used to say India can not be changed , we have successfully changed that thought itself , Modi said Whileclaiming that the country was taking big strides in every sphere from sports to space , healthcare to agriculture , economy and education .
Calling Demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision , Arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers .
Chief minister Siddaramaiah said 80 of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre .
Modi wants RBI to prepare 20-Yr road map for fin Inclusionmumbai , Apr 2 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 13:41 Istprime minister Modi today asked the Reserve Bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them , especially farmers .
During his poll campaign , Prime Minister Babu had said the first decision of the new up government under the BJP would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers .
Seeking to turn the tables on Congress over its president 's 'Hawabaazi ' ( empty talk ) Barb at Modi , Smritiirani said the real 'Hawabaazi ' would be Rahul Gandhi declaring himself to be a messiah of farmers as she attacked the Congress vice president over the Amethi land row .
The MSP was arrived on the basis of an improper formula and , therefore , farmers will not get correct prices for their produce or labour , he added .
Modi , during his Lok Sabha poll campaigns , had repeatedly announced that he would ensure adequate price to the farmers for their produce .
The farmers main demand was rights over forest land , and Fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months .
Saying that the strike was a direct affirmation of the Kisan Virodhi policies of the Modi government , a statement by Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said the MP state government was trying to suppress the protests by using illegal means .
Explaining the project further , Amarinder said if a farmer was given RS 10,000 for power consumption of his Tubewell and he ended up spending RS 7,000 , the remaining amount would go into his pocket and he would also contribute to saving the declining groundwater level in the state .
Kr RAM , Congress floor leader , said though the state government had promised that it would not allow hydrocarbon project in Neduvasal , it was not clear how agreements entered into between the local farmers with the ONGC for acquiring the lands would be cancelled .
Ncps Sharad Pawar asked the centre to chip in with more help and waive short-term loans , particularly crop loan and the interest on loans for purchase of agriculture equipment .
Odisha chief minister Naveenpatnaik today asked the district collectors to attach importance to farmers issues while opposition Congress demanded constitution of a farmers commission in the state .
Kumar Uttam ( @ Meetuttam ) May 26 , 20173:56Pm : I want to assure people of India that the Kashmir situation will soon be brought under control , says Amit Shah3:53Pm : Modi govt has met peoples aspirations , says Amit Shah3:51Pm : ease of doing business improved , FDI inflow grew , says Amit Shah3:50Pm : India has grown as an economic leader , says Shah3:48Pm : BJP president Amit Shah speaks to media on 3 years of Modi Govt2:37Pm : ne of Northeast would mean new economy , new energy , new empowerment , new engine , says PM Modi2:32Pm : PM Narendra Modi launches Sampada Yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing Clusters2:29Pm : in New India , we have to move towards ever green revolution , says PM Modi2:27Pm : if Northeast starts working in this ( organic farming ) direction , India can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming , says PM Modi2:26Pm : in northeast , the likelihood of organic farming is very high : Pm2:24Pm : we laid emphasis on Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana , says PM Modi2:19Pm : we cant bring change in the country through Tokenism , says PM Modi at his Dhemaji Rally2:17Pm : our dream is to double farmers income by 2022 , the year when India completes 75 years of independence : PM Modi2:15Pm : We want to bring modernisation in agriculture , says PM Modi2:12Pm : PM Narendra Modi is addressing another rally in Assams Dhemaji12:19Pm : PM renames Dhola Sadiya bridge as Bhupen Hazarika Bridge12:18Pm : within the first year of BJP rule in Assam , the state is getting rid of many of its problems , says PM Modi12:14Pm : the bridge will save time , says Pm12:12Pm : the bridge will be a link in the development of two States- Arunachal Pradesh and Assam : Pm12:10Pm : prime minister Modi says the bridge will bring an economic Revolution12:08Pm : this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers , says PM Modi in Assam12:04Pm : it is a proud moment for the country that Indias longest bridge has been constructed in Assam , says PM Modi12:00Pm : PM Modi is addressing a rally in Dhola , Assam11:50Am : Congress leader Kamal Nath said BJP spending RS 2000 CR on Celebration,3 years of Modi govt can be summed up as Bhashan AUR Aashwaasan , Yeh Hai Mera Shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power India 's growth .
Pawar said he would discuss the farmers problems with the state and central governments and try to find a solution without Politicising it .
By Ptiwashington : the Maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025 , five years early , by investing in infrastructure , agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors , chief minister Devendrafadnavis has said .
Sources said that Modi could also announce a host of welfare schemes for the farmers at the rally , which comes two days before former prime minister Chaudhary Charan Singh 's birth anniversary .
Chief minister Devendrafadnavis said Friday , the budget has given greater impetus to tackle the agrarian crisis in wake of recurring drought for the fourth consecutive year .
Reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing RS 4 to RS 5 per litre of milk , RAM said the new price will come into effect from December 10 .
We have made progress in opening new areas of cooperation during this visit in drug regulation , agricultural research and cyber security , Modi said .
@ Incindia has always supported loan waivers for farmers in distress ( sic ) , Gandhi said in a series of tweets .
Modi also said it was important to tackle the trade deficit with China and appreciated the simplification of regulatory procedures by the Chinese side , especially for Non-Basmati rice , sugar , agricultural products and pharmaceuticals .
However , considering the financial burden on farmers , the government wants to ease these norms for one season .
No doubt , there was a wave for Modi in 2014 , but farmers are disenchanted with him now , said sugar cane grower Uday Vir Singh , 53 , Plonking down on a wicker chair and smoking his hookah .
Government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds , required electricity , do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce , Modi said .
Addressing the agitators , Congress chief Gandhi said , farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift , but only their rightful due .
Yesterday , Punjab chief minister park had said that he would Denotify the land acquired for the Sutlej-Yamuna link ( Syl ) canal and return it to farmers .
Bangalore , July 25 , 2013 , Dhns : 23:32 Istchief minister Siddaramaiah on Thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers ( recognition of forest rights ) act , 2006 , to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years .
By Ptinew Delhi : the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future , Congress president Gandhi said on Friday and called for a farm loan waiver .
Punjab chief minister Parkash Parkashsinghbadals on Monday asked the union government to constitute a high-level committee of agriculture experts to revive the agrarian economy in the state .
Making a Suo Moto statement today in Lok Sabha on the trade pact clinched at the WTO meeting at Geneva last night , commerce minister RAM said besides accepting its concerns on public Stockholding , the deal by the 160-Member body allows India to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers .
Agriculture Minister Radhamohansingh said , this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in January and will be available for sowing in the Kharif 2017 season .
Noting that the Congress always supported the struggle of farmer , RAM said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924 .
All-Party delegation to be taken to Delhi to resolve sugar cane Issuebelagavi : July 1 , 2015 , Dhns 1:10 Istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories , chief minister RAM has said .
( source : file photo ) Punjab Congress chief Amarindersingh said on Saturday that if his party is voted to power in the 2017 assembly elections , it will work out a permanent solution for settling the farm debt so that no farmer is forced to take extreme steps like suicide .
Which is why farmers are our priority , says Rahul Gandhi .
Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( source : express archive photo by Santosh Parab ) Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis ( source : express archive photo by Santosh Parab ) chief minister Devendrafadnavis said Saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of RS 30,500 crore .
Gandhi said he wanted Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh to become agriculture centres in five years and provide food , fruits and vegetables to the country .
After four years in office , Prime Minister Modi has announced his intention to give farmers MSPs that are at least 50 per cent above the cost ( A2+Fl and not C2 ) .
