In a televised address , Modi said that every Msme in the 100 selected districts and which are registered under goods and services tax ( GST ) would be given a rebate of 2 interest on the amount of a new loan or incremental loan of up to RS 1 crore .
Addressing the officials of the commercial taxes department here on Thursday , Yanamala said that the state has overcome the initial troubles due to the implementation of the goods and services tax ( GST ) .
11 : 34 am : PM Modi said we learnt the lesson of unity through passing the historic GST bill .
Addressing a town hall meeting at s K memorial hall here , Adhia said the GDP of the country would rise by 2 with implementation of GST , which would in turn lead to creation of Lakhs of new job opportunities in the country .
Announcing that there is no new proposal for tax increase like the previous two years , deputy chief minister Manishsisodia , who also handles the finance portfolio , said the government expects a positive impact on tax revenue collections after the implementation of the goods and service tax ( GST ) later this year .
Adhia said there would be no need of integrated check posts on state borders following implementation of GST .
I am sure that issue will get resolved , '' Shah said , hoping for GST roll out from April next year .
New Delhi : hinting at the recent incidents of atrocities against Dalits , president Pranabmukherjee on Sunday said that attacks on weaker sections of the society were aberrations , which needed to be dealt with firmly , even as he hailed the consensus achieved for the passage of the goods and services tax bill ( GST ) in parliament .
The GST council has flexibility to do so and will do so I am sure , '' Shah said at an Assocham event .
We believe in GST and have favoured it since the beginning ; it is for the welfare of the state and the country , Nitishkumar said after the meeting .
The GST is beneficial for the poor people of the States represented by them , because those states will economically benefit the most from GST , Modi said .
New Delhi : pinning hopes on quick resolution of the difficult issue of tax jurisdiction with states , finance minister Arunjaitley today said that goods and services tax regime will be rolled out from April next year .
Modi said that the GST reflected the spirit of one nation , one aspiration , one determination .
10 ( PTI ) : the GST Council on Friday decided to reduce tax rate on a wide range of mass use items from chewing gums to detergents - to 18 per cent from the current 28 per cent , Bihar deputy chief minister Modi said .
Stating that both the centre and states are committed to ensuring that a taxpayer is assessed only once in the hands of one tax administration , Shah said that the GST was conceived as a dual structure and the government does not want to convert that into `` duel '' assessment '' .
In a statement issued here , chamber president N. Jegatheesan said that a GST trade body could comprise representatives of trade and industry drawn from across the country to provide suggestions and conduct Parleys with the finance ministers of various states and the union finance minister .
Deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi , who is in charge of the commercial taxes department , had announced in August the possibility of convenience centres for traders ' ease in filing GST returns .
Prime Minister Narendramodi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax ( GST ) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it , Naidu said after the meeting .
Earlier this week , Prime Minister Modi had said 99 per cent of goods and services will be brought in the 18-Per-Cent or less GST slabs and the highest slab restricted to just a few select luxury and sin goods .
Read : GST will reflect spirit of one nation , one aspiration : top 10 points from PM Modis Niti Aayog Meethere are the Highlights:6:22 PM : use of technologies such as Bhim , Aadhaar would result in significant savings for states , says PM Modi6:18 PM : States should use govt e-marketplace to reduce corruption , increase transparency in govt procurement : PM Modi6:10 PM : PM Modi asks States , local govts , NGOs to decide goals for 2022 and work in mission mode to achieve them .
In a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime , Siddaramaiah announced the constitution of GST consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders .
Talking about GST , PM Modi said the unanimity on the landmark legislation will be remembered in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism .
And across the States , we find an urge now , that they want to get out of the rigmarole and see brighter ways , RAM said , adding that the roll out of the GST , Aadhar platform and mobile connectivity were creating conditions for inclusive growth .
But the GST council has further pruned 12 more items , Modi said .
The council also agreed to set up a committee comprising officials from centre and states to look into the complaints with regard to the Anti-Profiteering clause that seeks to prevent companies from making undue gains post GST rollout , Arunjaitley said .
The landmark GST legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation , one aspiration , one determination , said prime minister Modi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of Niti Aayog on Sunday .
The upa allies like the Rjd , the NCP and the Jd-U are openly supporting it , Arunjaitley said , adding that even the Congress-Ruled States are for GST .
Commerce Secretary Rita Teaotia said the two main export promotion schemes - merchandise exports from India scheme ( Meis ) and services exports from India scheme ( SEIS ) - will continue post GST implementation but would be aligned with the new indirect tax regime .
Trying to clear apprehension of opposition and traders , finance minister Haseeb Drabu said J & K legislature can enact a comprehensive GST law , where tax will be levied corresponding to aggregate Sgst and Cgst '' .
I am ecstatic that there would be no Levy of GST on services rendered by government , Reserve Bank of India , public conveniences , educational institution , services relating to agriculture , transmission or distribution of electricity , renting of residential dwelling for use as a residence , burial , healthcare , specified schemes of general insurance etc , Mohan said .
Today , the GST system has been established to a large extent and we are working towards a position where 99 per cent things will attract the Sub-18 per cent GST slab , Modi had said .
It has been estimated that trucks waste around 35 of their total travel time at the check posts , said Adhia .
This would further increase after implementation of the GST bill , he said adding that the World Bank and other financial institutions had also hailed the GST bill .
Speaking at the annual general meeting of Ficci last week , finance minister Arunjaitley had said a delayed GST is better than a flawed GST .
Unfazed by the blockage of the GST bill in the Rajya Sabha by Congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the Lalit Modi issue , RAM said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive GST tax proposal from April 1 , 2016 .
When referred to criticism of the GST by Gandhi , Modi asked whether GST processes have not been implemented through consensus with all political parties in the country .
Though there is a rise of 3 in the overall tax slab , the developers would also get several tax credits under GST , which would make the properties cheaper , Adhia said .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley says 60 of the items presently taxed at 32 a composite of the several taxes that GST will be replacing will be reduced at four percentage points less .
With regard to GST , which is aimed at overhauling the taxation system in the country , Modi told the Congress , it is yours only , still it is being stopped .
In an interview to Ani , Modi said his government wanted to impose a 5 per cent GST on all classes of residential properties , completed or under construction .
Jaitley said States would be compensated every two months instead of every quarter for the losses they might incur during GST implementation .
( express file photo by Prem Nath Pandey ) a day before the introduction of the state goods and service tax ( GST ) bill in the Odisha assembly , chief minister Naveenpatnaik on Wednesday said GST was a major financial reform which would transform the country into one single market .
Pm Modi , while addressing the summit , said that Indias has now introduced new economic reforms , including the historic GST , which most states are onboard with .
Replying to the seven-hour-long debate , finance minister Arunjaitley said the GST , which will usher in a uniform indirect tax regime in the country , will make commodities slightly cheaper .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley told reporters after the meeting that the GST exemption limit for the northeastern States is being doubled to RS 20 lakh .
Unfazed by the blockage of the GST bill in the Rajya Sabha by Congress in the recently concluded parliament session that ended on a bitter note over the Lalit Modi issue , Naidu said government was keen to implement the revolutionary and most progressive GST tax proposal from April 1 , 2016 .
Gst council has reduced tax rates of 66 items as against representations received for 133 items , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters here after the 16th meeting of the GST Council .
3 , Arunjaitley told reporters , but did not clarify whether the country could meet the self-imposed deadline of April 1 for the launch of goods and services tax , the country 's most ambitious tax reform as yet .
The GST will strive to free India from tax terrorism , Modi said as he vowed to pay tribute to freedom fighters after 75 years of independence by bringing in the tax reform as soon as possible .
Pwc India leader ( indirect tax ) Pratik Jain said , `` it is encouraging to see that within four days of the assent of the Constitution amendment bill by the president , the government has approved the setting up of the GST council and the first meeting of the council is to be held within 10 days of the cabinet approval '' .
As revenue secretary , Adhia 's term witnessed the introduction of a nationwide indirect tax Egime , evolving a Centre-States consensus on the multiple GST laws and drafting the rules and fixing tariffs that made it possible to meet the deadline of July 1 , 2017 for the GST roll-out , Arunjaitley said .
By Ptinew Delhi : buoyed by GST collections exceeding RS 1 lakh crore in April , finance minister Arunjaitley today said it is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity .
Watch video : people que up at banks to exchange RS 500 & RS 1000 notes : heres what they Saidon whether the Demonetisation of RS 500/1000 notes will help weed out black money , Jaitley said this is not an isolated initiative and the decision has to be seen in the backdrop of various steps being taken including GST roll out .
If the impact of Demonetisation was that huge on informal sector , there would have been social unrest , Arunjaitley said , adding any adverse impact of the two back-to-back reforms GST and Demonetisation were almost behind us .
Before the GST was rolled out , there were 65 lakh registered enterprises ; the number has risen by 55 lakh , Modi said .
Modi said that India had become the world 's fastest-growing economy thanks to some of his government 's initiatives , such as the abolition of 1,000-Odd archaic laws , push for the goods and services tax , and the constitution of commercial courts .
Fuel prices will come down once the centre builds a consensus to bring petrol and diesel under the goods and services tax ( GST ) , Maharashtra chief minister Devendrafadnavis said today .
Countries that rolled out GST have witnessed higher economic growth , says Udit RAM , adding that an online database of taxes will increase transparency .
Federation of Indian art silk weaving industry ( Fiaswi ) chairman Gandhi said , the industry is getting assurances since the day GST was rolled out .
In the absence of the comprehensive goods and services tax ( GST ) , if the duty sops are removed , auto component makers will face margin pressures as they will not be able to hike prices on export products , RAM said .
On relief measures for the middle class , Arunjaitley said that in the last five years , not a single tax has been increased , GST has been brought down on most commodities , and income tax relief has been provided .
Gst council has complete flexibility to do so and will do so I am sure , Shah said at an Assocham event here .
Referring to the GST reform bill introduced in parliament on Friday , Arunjaitley said an overwhelming majority of states were backing the reform as their fears about revenue loss in the initial years after the GST roll-out would be set at rest through a compensatory mechanism in the transition period .
Modi said his government implemented the goods and services tax ( GST ) in larger public interest and to boost the nations tax collection .
Drabu said all necessary safeguards to Section-5 of the J & K state constitution and those enshrined in Article-370 of the Indian constitution have been incorporated in the presidential order regarding which apprehensions were expressed by some legislators during the discussion on the GST legislation .
On why the council has decided on multiple GST rates , Arunjaitley said one rate would be highly regressive as Hawai Chappal and BMW can not be taxed at the same rate .
Finance Minister T.M . Thomas Isaac told the assembly on Tuesday that the government hoped to overcome the impact of Demonetisation and GST on the States economy in another six months .
The way the fitment discussions have happened in the GST council and the way commodities and services have been treated , GST is only going to help in improving our exports , RAM said at a media conference to brief three years achievements of her ministry .
The turnover limit for registration under goods and services tax ( GST ) has been increased from RS 20 lakh to RS 40 lakh , Modi said .
Piloting the bill , Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms , including VAT .
The current buoyancy in the market is led by positive cues such as GST , state elections and FII inflows , '' Vinod Nair , head of research , Geojit financial services , said .
Sushil Modi , who as finance minister of Bihar during NDA rule , had headed empowered committee on GST during upa rule , said the GST would do away with multiplicity of tax rates .
On the goods and service tax ( GST ) bill , Arunjaitley said the Congress was dissenting on their own bill .
Clarifying that economic legislation is not about BJP versus all , Arunjaitley said it would be very good if the constitutional amendment bill to roll out GST is passed by consensus .
With regard to composition scheme for service providers , Modi said ( RS ) 50 lakh turnover & 6 tax rate for service providers in a new Compostion scheme in GST .
It was at the CMS initiative that I had accepted the post of chairman of the empowered committee of state FMS ( 2011-13 ) , which spearheaded the implementation of GST , said BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi .
New Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley today said the goods and services tax ( GST ) collections in the first two months have met the target and going forward the revenue will see a further surge .
Pm Modi told network 18 group editor Rahul Joshi that after GST all the movement of goods from one state to the other will become seamless .
In case the GST is not extended to the state , the businesses will be crippled as no trader from Jammu and Kashmir will be able to do business with their counterparts from other parts of the country , '' Drabu said , adding the consumer in J-K will be the worst hit due to double taxation .
By Ptinew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley on Friday said the number of income taxpayers can double to almost 12 crore with increased Formalisation of the economy .
Do n't evaluate me only on Demonetisation and GST ; we brought economic reform , built toilets , brought electricity to 18,000 villages , Modi had said in an interview to Zee news .
Terming the proposed goods and service tax as the biggest tax reform since independence , Modi also said he has warned those with black money to declare it before the given deadline of September 30 , as stern action might be taken after that .
By express news Servicenew Delhi : days after Prime Minister Modi announced that GST on 99 per cent of goods and services would be brought under the tax bracket of 18 per cent or lower , the GST Council on Saturday decided to slash indirect tax on two dozen items .
Prime Minister Modi ( PTI /File photo ) prime minister Modi ( PTI /File photo ) with still two months left till the goods and services tax ( GST ) roll out , Prime Minister Modi on Sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism .
Washington : India continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world and its growth will accelerate further due to factors like the implementation of GST , finance minister Arunjaitley said .
In his 42-Minute intervention , Modi said the GST regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money .
Commerce minister RAM said in Chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the GST while environment minister Prakash Javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in Rajya Sabha .
B.T . Manohar , chairman , state taxes committee , Fkcci , says : GST will certainly bring down prices and check inflation .
I hope the message would reach those who make such considerations , Modi said in an apparent reference to the Congresss negotiating team with the government on GST that comprised the Rajya Sabha members .
Mumbai : HDFC chairman Deepak on Friday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) regime can push up the country 's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points ( BPS ) .
The way the fitment discussions have happened in the GST council and the way commodities and services have been treated , GST is only going to help in improving our exports , RAM said here , briefing on three years of initiatives and achievements of the commerce ministry .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said on Wednesday he is hopeful of rolling out the biggest tax reform GST from July 1 that will make goods and services cheaper and tax evasion difficult .
Twitter.Com/Vvjmucevlq Ani ( @ Ani ) August 15 , 20178:24 am : Demonetisation has helped bring black money into formal economy : Pm8:23 am : Modi says after note ban , three lakh shell companies were detected ; 1 .
Amrg & associates partner Rajat Mohan said low GST collections might lead to high fiscal deficit for states and hence tax and non-tax resources available exclusively to states ' authorities might be tapped '' .
Responding to a query on GST implementation , Arunjaitley said he is hopeful of its passage in the monsoon session as most political parties except the Congress are in favour of this historic tax reform .
Chandigarh : Haryana finance minister captain Abhimanyu said decisions taken in the recent meeting of the goods and services tax ( GST ) council would immensely benefit the state as the council had decided to give compensation to the States for five years .
Whatever the reasons and the circumstances , the GST should have been allowed to be introduced in parliament in the monsoon session to facilitate the way for its eventual passage , Amarindersingh said in a statement on Friday .
Stating that everyone 's contribution was necessary for the success of the goods and services tax regime , Modi asked the IMC to conduct GST training workshops for common people in the limited time that is available before implementing the biggest indirect taxation reform in the nation 's Hisotry .
Captain Abhimanyu said the state collected revenue to the tune of `1,000 crore a year on account of the purchase tax or VAT ( value-added tax ) on food grains ; but under the GST regime , it had been proposed that the Levy would not apply to food grains .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley too had said late last week that he saw no reason to postpone GST roll out .
Referring to the passage of the key economic reform measure GST in parliaments monsoon session , Modi said it demonstrated the countrys unity of vision .
Prime Minister Modi told the all party meeting that goods and services tax ( GST ) legislation is in the interest of nation and the finance minister will speak to parties concerned to address their doubts on it , Naidu said after the meeting .
Still , the best overall performance of the economy was recorded since October 2016 , endorsing the standpoint that the economy is recovering from the implementation of the twin shocks of Demonetisation and GST , '' Dodhia said .
The efforts are on to enlist the co-operation of all to ensure that GST is in place by the end of this session , Modi said .
The constitution 122Nd constitutional amendment bill was passed by the parliament on August 8 , marking a historic step for tax reforms which prime minister Modi said was 'Crucial ' for ending tax terrorism besides reducing corruption and black money while making the consumer 'King ' .
Dubai , Nov 16 , 2015 ( PTI ) 19:08 Istfinance minister Arunjaitley today said the government would make all efforts to persuade the opposition for the passage of constitution amendment bill for implementation of GST in the winter session .
Rahul Gandhi ( @ Rahulgandhi ) December 20 , 2018Indicating that further simplification of the goods and services tax is on the anvil , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had Tuesday said his government wants to ensure that '99 per cent things ' attract Sub-18 per cent GST slab .
I & B minister M Venkaiah RAM told reporters that Modi explained to NDA leaders the importance of the GST Bill and the need to pass it .
We will make a forceful argument again on June 30 at the final GST council meeting before its roll out and make our case for 35 items we already represented to the council about , '' finance minister Eatela Rajender told toi on Wednesday .
Modi opposed GST when he was chief minister of Gujarat and he is now championing the GST as prime minister and we welcome that , RAM said adding we welcome the facts that he has made these U-turns and taken positions as prime minister which were opposed to the positions which the BJP took when it was in opposition .
Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu on Saturday said the central and state governments gave up their exclusive rights under the federal structure to impose taxes on various commodities , to pave the way for the goods and services tax ( GST ) , a structure that helped several countries achieve higher growth rates .
While the law restrains traders from changing the maximum retail price ( MRP ) inclusive of all taxes , there are no guidelines for repricing the commodities in accordance with the changed tax rates in the GST regime , '' said BT Manohar , chairman of taxation committee and team GST of Federation of Karnataka chambers of commerce and industry .
Modi said the panel will deliberate on the details for rolling out the reverse charge mechanism in the first week of May , with the time table and the coverage to be decided .
Todays change should probably bring it down , said RAM , adding that the mood at the GST council meeting was very good .
Govt to talk to Cong , other parties on GST : Venkaiahbengaluru , Aug 18 , 2015 , ( PTI ) 15:36 Istthe centre would shortly hold discussions with Congress and other parties to bring them around to facilitate passage of the GST and some other key bills before the winter session of parliament , Union parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah RAM said today .
Addressing Cii-Kotak investors ' round table here , Arunjaitley said that the GST Council , headed by him and comprising representatives of all states , will in the next few days finalise the rates of tax for different goods and services and the country is on track to roll out the simplified indirect tax regime Fromjuly 1 .
The programmes have built confidence among the traders to welcome the GST regime , association founder and president Prakash Mandoth said .
Crediting Adhia efforts on the GST rollout , Arunjaitley said in his blog that it was his efforts supported by his team of officers of centre and state governments , which made it possible to hit the deadline of July 1 , 2017 .
Speaking to reporters , Union finance minister Arunjaitley said , tax rate under GST will not go up for any of the commodities .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said the GST council meeting on Monday made a significant headway and the issue of Cross-Empowerment or dual control was resolved .
Prime Minister Narendramodi Modiprime minister Narendramodi on Thursday asked his party MPs to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on Obcs and the GST legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them .
To prepare the ground for introduction of goods and services tax ( GST ) regime that envisage higher threshold for registration , Siddaramaiah announced that the ceiling for registering with the commercial taxes department will be increased from RS 5 lakh turnover per year to RS 7 .
Watch video : whats making Newswe have a wider support and we have the numbers for the GST bill , but we would like to take all parties on board because it will have an effect on the States , Naidu said .
There would be enough safeguards to the constitution of Jammu and Kashmir , Drabu said in his reply on the second day of heated debates on GST in the state assembly .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said there is constitutional compulsion to roll out GST by September 16 , 2017 .
Modi said GST would help to achieve the government 's aim of empowering the poor .
Bengaluru : the goods and services tax , to be rolled out in just over a month , will not only check evasions but also help India evolve as a more Tax-Compliant society , finance minister Arunjaitley said here on Monday .
Expectations of a positive outcome from the GST council did insulate us from the adverse effect of global volatility , '' said Vinod Nair , head of research , Geojit BNP Paribas financial services .
The Telangana government has also decided to call an assembly session this month to pass the GST bill , Telangana finance minister Etela Rajender said on Wednesday .
Deputy chief minister Modi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments , said people have now begun to understand GST which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis -- vis GST has reduced to only 10 per cent .
Piloting the bill , Karnataka chief minister RAM said the state has always been at the forefront of issues like implementing tax reforms , including VAT .
Mr. Rajender , speaking to Newspersons after the meeting , said that Mr. Jaitley had also assured on compensating the losses to be incurred by states on account of GST implementation .
Mr. Sisodia was in agreement with their [ traders ] demands and assured them that he would bring up their concerns at the next meeting of the GST Council on December 22 and 23 , where the issue of jurisdiction will be discussed , said Mr. Goyal .
About States disagreeing and joining the second wave of GST reform , Chidambaram said that even when upa had implemented VAT , some had not joined initially and they had joined later , and so eventually all states will fall in line .
Chief minister Vijayrupani listed out the achievements of his government , while deputy chief minister Nitin Patel told the party workers about the goods and services tax ( GST ) , said Pandya .
Gst will be a game changer and will help in curbing tax evasion , bringing transparency and efficiency in tax administration , reducing the prices of various items by avoiding tax on tax and ensuring seamless transfer of goods from one region to another , among others , Arunjaitley said , addressing the 23rd conference of auditors general of Commonwealth countries and British overseas territories in Delhi .
All states have agreed on the rollout of GST from that date , Arunjaitley said .
Before leaving for Australia , Abhimanyu said the Indian delegation was visiting the country as GST had been implemented in a better way there and in New Zealand .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said that the rates of commodities will depend on its consumers , whether rich or common person , but the GST will make them slightly cheaper .
Lauding prime minister Narendra Modi for his decisiveness , Arunjaitley said unlike the previous prime minister ( Manmohan Singh ) , Modi has been decisive in taking steps with regard to Demonetisation , surgical strike against Pakistan and the goods and services tax ( GST ) .
Emphasizing that the GST bill is in the larger interest of the country , Naidu said , `` we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for GST but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states '' .
Describing how his government was following Sardar Patels principles of unity , Modi said GST ( one nation one tax ) , one nation one grid , E-Nam and Bharatmala are some of the initiatives for new India .
Speaking about the power of unity , Modi said , in August 2016 , parties having intense political rivalry , parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other , all came together to pass the GST bill .
Compliance burden of medium and small taxpayers in GST has been reduced , finance minister Arunjaitley told reporters after the 22nd meeting of the council .
The landmark GST legislation will reflect the spirit of one nation , one aspiration , one determination , said prime minister Narendramodi , as he addressed the third meeting of the governing council of Niti Aayog on Sunday .
The government is willing to discuss all issues and answer the questions raised by the opposition , Modi said , hoping for a fruitful session as he recalled the passage of the GST bill in the last session with the cooperation of all parties .
B'Rajasthan cm Vasundhararaje ( source : PTI photo ) Rajasthan cm Vasundhararaje ( source : PTI photo ) Demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the GST implementation has brought a positive change in the economy , Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhararaje said on Thursday , lauding 3 years of Modi government at centre .
Said Dimri , `` the idea of not putting rate caps in the Constitution is pragmatic considering the dynamic business environment which may demand future changes in the GST rate '' .
B T Manohar , chairman of state tax committee team GST , federation of Karnataka chambers of commerce and industry ( Fkcci ) , Bengaluru , said that Karnataka was a role model for all other states in the country .
After the implementation of GST , 35,000 businesses in Gurgaon have registered themselves , Manoharlalkhattar said .
Watch video : whats making Newsemphasizing that the GST bill is in the larger interest of the country , Naidu said , we have a wider support and we have enough numbers for GST but we would like to have all parties on board because it will have an effect on states .
The delay in passage of the GST bill will hamper the aspirations of people of India and in particular the dreams of the youth , who are thirsty for jobs , Naidu said at a press conference here .
Prime Minister Narendramodi , in his second interview to a private news channel , said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes , but the introduction of GST will make this process very transparent .
Ready to talk to Cong on GST : Jaitleynew Delhi , Nov 5 , 2015 , Dhns : 2:19 Istfinance minister Arunjaitley on Wednesday said introduction of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , is only a question of time and he is ready to meet Congress leaders to resolve a parliamentary deadlock .
Prime Minister Modi Modiprime minister Modi on Thursday asked his party MPs to expose the lies and disinformation campaign of the opposition over the governments stand on Obcs and the GST legislation by studying the facts and creating the right awareness about them .
As regards the compensation to the states on account of any possible loss of revenue following implementation of the GST , Arunjaitley said there will be 100 per cent compensation in first three years , 75 per cent in the fourth year and 50 per cent in the fifth year .
We have introduced the GST bill in parliament ; we are hopeful to roll it out in 2016 , Modi said at the Indo-German summit here , sharing the dais with German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
To provide legal back up , Karnataka unanimously passed the GST Bill 2017 .
The 5 GST on readymade garments below RS 1,000 would benefit the public , being a mass consumption item , Arunjaitley said .
New Delhi , Apr 24 , 2015 ( PTI ) 17:44 Istthe Long-Pending goods and services tax ( GST ) bill was today moved in the Lok Sabha for consideration amid stiff resistance by several opposition parties , even as finance minister Arunjaitley said it is a win-win measure and states have nothing to fear .
Mumbai : HDFC chairman Deepakparekh on Friday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) regime can push up the country 's growth by as much as 150-200 basis points ( BPS ) .
In an interview for a TV news channel , Modi said people voted on Demonetisation during the 2017 assembly election in Uttar Pradesh and on GST in the 2018 assembly election in Gujarat .
Continued outflow of foreign money will keep rupee on Tenterhook while increasing GST collection and RBIs open market operation may soften the volatility , '' said Vinod Nair , head of research , Geojit financial services .
September data painted an encouraging picture as the sector continued to recover from the disruptions caused by the introduction of the GST in July , '' said Aashna Dodhia , economist at IHS Markit and author of the report '' .
Tax collection in the state is expected to touch 20 % with the introduction of goods and services tax ( GST ) regime from July 1 , finance minister T.M . Thomas Isaac has said .
On the goods and services tax ( GST ) , Modi asked the states to make legislative arrangements without delay for the rollout of the indirect tax regime from July 1 .
Chief minister Sarbananda Sonowal , who was also present , said GST has removed the sense of alienation and deprivation from the minds of the people of the Northeast by providing huge tax benefits .
I have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the GST stabilises itself , we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden , the then finance minister Arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the Punjab municipal corporation law ( extension to Chandigarh ) amendment Bill 2017 .
8:45Pm : Assam chief minister Sarbananda Sonowal says GST will bring a paradigm shift in the entire indirect tax system .
Commerce and industry minister RAM today said Amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax ( GST ) is rolled out .
Finance Minister Arun Jailtey ( file photo ) finance minister Arun Jailtey ( file photo ) the implementation of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , coupled with a digitised economy ushered in by Demonetisation , will make Indias economy look much cleaner and bigger , said union finance minister Arun Jaitley at the vibrant Gujarat global summit Wednesday .
On the introduction of goods and services tax ( GST ) , captain Abhimanyu said almost all states had agreed on the issue after the union government had assured them that no state would have to bear any loss as result of the GST implementation .
During the debate , chief minister Vasundhararaje said Rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the GST , which will provide relief from price rise .
Addressing a press conference at the secretariat on Friday , Mr. Ramakrishnudu said the central government would compensate for the loss incurred by the States due to the rolling out of the GST .
Asked about Gandhi making fun of GST during his campaign tour in South Gujarat , Arunjaitley said , I firmly believe he has no understanding of this subject , he has not studied it .
Simultaneously the GST council will work on the functional modalities for implementation such that same person is not assessed by both centre and states , Arunjaitley said .
New Delhi , June 28 , 2016 , Dhns 2:53 Istgst : Modi says one group has made passage of Bill 'Prestige Issue'Prime minister Modi has pinned hopes on the changed arithmetic in the Rajya Sabha for the passage of the much-delayed goods and services tax ( GST ) bill .
Prime Minister Narendramodi ( PTI /File photo ) prime minister Narendramodi ( PTI /File photo ) with still two months left till the goods and services tax ( GST ) roll out , Prime Minister Narendramodi on Sunday said consensus on the new tax regime will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism .
Not only the Gurdwaras but all shrines of other communities should also be given exemption from GST on the offerings for Langar , '' Badungar said who was in Patiala to attend a religious event at a local Gurudwara .
Drabu said while there were no exemptions under the GST , the businesses in Jammu and Kashmir and Northeast will continue to enjoy these benefits in the shape of reimbursements .
However , Modi told NDA leaders to focus on positives like Indias progress on several fronts , including its jump in the ease of doing business ratings , and reform measures such as GST to underline his governments efficient handling of the economy .
By Aninew Delhi : the government is in favour of bringing construction related material in the 5 per cent slab of GST , Prime Minister Modi said on Tuesday , while informing that changes in the tax structure will continue as there is scope for improvement .
Pti Photo/Pibprime minister Narendramodi on Sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax ( GST ) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism , while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley , however , said that GST compliance will be further simplified to increase the tax base .
Chandigarh : on day of GST launch , Haryana finance minister captain Abhimanyu said that of 2,47,999 dealers in the state , 1,90,234 applicants have successfully registered with the GST system in different districts of the state .
Modi said that GST , which aims to bind 1 .
Pti Photo/Pibprime minister Modi on Sunday said that the consensus on the goods and services tax ( GST ) would go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism , while crediting state chief ministers for keeping aside political and ideological differences to arrive at a common ground .
In his speech , president Pranabmukherjee said GST would boost economic efficiency .
Many will question how deep an impact the GST will have on the economy in the near- and long-term , firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer , said de Lima .
Deputy chief minister Sushilkumarmodi , who also holds charge of finance and commercial taxes departments , said people have now begun to understand GST which is evident from the fact that the quantum of complaints vis -- vis GST has reduced to only 10 per cent .
Presenting the state budget proposals , chief minister Siddaramaiah said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs .
Since the rate of CESs shall be such so as to maintain the Pre-Gst tax incidence on such goods therefore there may not be much difference in total tax incidence ( tax plus CESs ) on these goods between the Pre-Gst and Post-Gst regime , Shukla said .
New Delhi , Mar 29 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 14:08 Istallaying apprehension of spike in prices of goods and commodities after the roll out of the GST , finance minister Arunjaitley today said the tax rates will be kept at the current levels so as not to have any inflationary impact .
Gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in India and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals , Faifa general secretary Babu said in a statement .
Commerce and industry minister Nirmalasitharaman today said Amercian phone-maker apples demand for tax incentives to set up a manufacturing unit in the country will have be looked at after the goods and services tax ( GST ) is rolled out .
Jaitley said that GST will simplify the most complicated indirect tax system in the country by subsuming various central and state indirect taxes and introducing the concept of one nation , one tax .
Commerce minister RAM on Saturday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) will help improve Indias export growth .
Businesses will realise the benefits of input tax credit and GST in coming months , Mr. Das said during an interaction with Aarti Krishnan , consultant , the Hindu business line , organised by the Chennai international centre .
Citing a study by international rating agency Moodys , Naidu said that Indias growth story is running the risk of being jeopardised on account of slow progress on major Legilsative reforms like GST and claimed that the legislation , if passed could add 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent to the GDP growth of the country .
New Delhi : terming the company formed to create it backbone for rollout of GST as anti-national , BJP MP RAM today said the goods and services tax ( GST ) bill can be passed by parliament only if Gstn gets security Clearancethe goods and services tax network ( Gstn ) is the special purpose vehicle that was formed under the previous upa regime to set up the information technology backbone for rolling out the indirect tax regime that will replace myriad local levies .
Talking about GST , Patwari said , `` as far as industry issues are concerned , at least for six months our focus will remain on the goods and services tax ( GST ) due from July 1 .
Jaitley said the council also decided to cut GST rates on 27 common use items .
It is not only the GST but many Pro-Poor steps are stuck in parliament , PM Modi said at a function .
All traders are clear about their registration because of the programmes conducted on GST awareness by Fkcci in coordination with the commercial tax department and other trade bodies , '' B T Manohar , chairman , state tax committee , federation of Karnataka chambers of commerce & industry ( Fkcci ) , said .
Visiting Surat as part of the ongoing campaign of the Narendra Modi-Led NDA government to celebrate four years the BJP rule , Smritiirani said that the textile businessmen facing issues with refund under integrated goods and services tax ( Igst ) would be heard at special camps being organised by the finance ministry .
The FM said the new government had inherited a huge number of unpaid bills of the previous Governmentthe subsidy Bill and the central sales tax compensation , but hoped to meet the challenge of meeting the fiscal deficit target of 4 .
Countering him , RAM said the introduction of the state GST bill is only a formality as it has already been passed by parliament .
Asked about Congress ' reversal of stand on reform measures like goods and services tax ( GST ) , RAM said , we have not done U-turn .
Stating that the GST rollout is a matter of time , Arunjaitley said the obstructionist position of the Congress will not continue for long as the countrys mood is Reform-Oriented .
Gst and Demonetisation together will lead to higher revenues in future , greater compliance and give us a cleaner and better economy , Arunjaitley said .
Now the normal GST rate for these services is 18 per cent but because in these sectors the rate itself has been reduced , for job work in these sectors the rate has been fixed at 5 per cent , so that outsourcing through job work in these sectors could be encouraged , Arunjaitley said .
About GST implementation , Shailesh Patwari , president of the Gcci , said , `` the government has been addressing all our queries ever since GST was implemented .
Delhi deputy chief minister Manishsisodia said that compensation law has been cleared and certain provisions of C-Gst and S-Gst which was approved by the law ministry have been cleared .
B'During the debate , chief minister Vasundhararaje said Rajasthan is a consumer state and the common man stands to benefit from the GST , which will provide relief from price rise .
The broad view was that GST will be largely Non-Inflationary and is a medium-term structural reform , Jain said .
Jaitley said the Demonetisation , coupled with the implementation of GST , will make India a single market instead of 30 different markets in the States , Facilitaing free flow goods and services throughout the country .
Mohan said the government is eyeing world-class implementation of GST '' .
Replying to Congress MLA from Palwal Karan Singh Dalal , the finance minister assured the house that GST will benefit all .
Prime Minister Modi , who wants to make doing business easier in India , has said India needed the tax reform to end widespread evasion by businesses and prevent officials from waging arbitrary tax terrorism .
Hope to take GST legislations to parliament this session : Fmnew Delhi , Feb 3 , 2017 , ( PTI ) 19:12 Istkeen to rollout the goods and services tax by July , the government plans to take the supporting legislations to parliament next month , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Gst with a far more efficient system , Arunjaitley said , that will increase trade , tax collection and improve ease of doing business .
8 : finance minister RAM today announced the setting up of two committees to sort out issues hampering the implementation of the goods and services tax ( GST ) .
We would certainly like a good , constructive and positive GST bill to be passed in the interest of the nation , but not a bill with the kind of flaws that the NDA version of the bill has , Congress leader Shashitharoor told Ani .
As refunding is a big issue , the Gstn decided on complete online refunding from September 24 this year from a single source , either by the central GST or state GST , Modi said .
Insisting that states have nothing to fear , Arunjaitley said , the structure of the GST council is such that states have the veto power .
Naidu said GST would revolutionise the taxation system and increase the revenue by 1 .
Read more Hererahul Gandhi hits out at BJP govt over GST Billspeaking at an interaction with students in Mumbai , Congress vice president Rahulgandhi said it was the BJP which was responsible for the GST bill being delayed for seven years , adding that if the government wanted to see the bill make progress during the upcoming budget session , it would have to give in to their concerns .
( PTI ) New Delhi : prime minister Modi today said the consensus on goods and services tax ( GST ) reflects the spirit of 'One nation , one aspiration , one determination ' .
Siddaramaiah also said the GST , which will come into effect from April next year , will boost the economic environment .
Nangia & Co director ( indirect taxation ) Rajat Mohan said July 1 looks like the `` best case scenario '' for GST implementation as by then the industry will also be able to migrate into the new taxation regime .
B T Manohar , chairman of taxation committee and team GST of Federation of Karnataka chambers of commerce and industries , said it is consumers ' responsibility to ask for the invoice in the proper GST format so that they are n't cheated by vendors .
Aam Aadmi party trade wing convener Brijesh Goyal said the workshop was very important as it would facilitate a smooth transition to GST .
In his speech , Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah said the GST has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country .
Prime Minister Modi , in his second interview to a private news channel , said that theres mistrust between states sometimes on taxes , but the introduction of GST will make this process very transparent .
So the entire cross empowerment issue was , we empower each other to say that in case the state authorities look at Sgst issue , they also look at Cgst and vice versa , '' Shah said .
We are banking on GST checking evasion and buoyancy in collection , Arunjaitley said .
Hyderabad : Union minister M Naidu today said chartered accountants in India will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax ( GST ) is Implementedaddressing the Icai international conference 'Jnana Yagna ' here , the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money .
By Ptinew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley today said it is not possible to have one GST rate as the country has vast disparities , but assured investors that government will undertake further reforms after improvement in tax compliance standards .
Bengaluru : the goods and services tax , to be rolled out in just over a month , will not only check evasions but also help India evolve as a more Tax-Compliant society , finance minister Arunjaitley said today .
Meanwhile , addressing Mlas on the premises of the Delhi assembly on the GST , chief economic advisor RAM said he completely agreed on the principle of bringing liquor and land under the GST and all states should come together to make it happen .
Meanwhile , chief minister Siddaramaiah on Friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the GST constitutional amendment bill .
Finance Minister Arunjaitley said the capping of CESs was done at a higher rate only to give the goods and services tax council more headroom in the future if there was a need to increase them .
New Delhi , Jun 26 ( ) following are the top Businessnew Delhi , Jun 26 ( ) following are the top business stories at 2000 hrs today : Del15 Biz-Gst-Jaitley-Jknew Delhi : finance minister Arunjaitley today asked Jammu and Kashmir to roll out GST from July 1 as failure to implement it will lead to adverse impact of price rise and put local industry at a disadvantage .
The Constitution mandates the GST has to come in place before September 16 , 2017 and states who do not do it will lose the right to collect taxes , said the FM .
Gst collections in April exceeding RS 1 lakh crore is a landmark achievement and a confirmation of increased economic activity as brought out by other reports , Arunjaitley said in a Tweet .
Hyderabad : Union minister M M.Venkaiahnaidu today said chartered accountants in India will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax ( GST ) is Implementedaddressing the Icai international conference 'Jnana Yagna ' here , the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money .
Former finance minister P Chidambaram , who was elected to the Rajya Sabha in June , had said the government could accommodate Congress demand for mentioning the GST rate cap in the Constitution ( 122Nd amendment ) or GST bill through skilful drafting .
Now , the idea of GST was that let there be just one tax in the country , Arunjaitley said .
Aur Jo 9-10 Ki GST council meeting Mein agar koi Rajya Kathinayi Paida Nahi Karega Toh Mujhe Vishwaas Hai Ki Bharat Ke Vyapar Jagat AUR Bharat Ki Aarthik Vyavastha Ko Nayi Taqat Dene Mein Jo Bhi Aawashyak Sudhaar Honge Woh Kiye Jayenge ( if no state raises objection in GST council meeting on November 9-10 , then I believe that the necessary changes required for the countrys businesses and the countrys economy would be taken ) , Modi said .
Expressing thanks to all the members , Nitishkumar said Bihar has been in favour of GST from the beginning .
The 14 per cent growth in commercial taxes is assured and if it drops due to GST , the centre will compensate the loss , Modi said .
In his speech , Karnataka chief minister RAM said the GST has forged a new model of cooperative decentralisation in the country .
He said awareness on GST was the need of the hour .
The country should eventually have a GST which will have only slabs of zero , 5 per cent and standard rate with luxury and sin goods as an exception , Arunjaitley said .
Ajith Athrady , DH news service , New Delhi , may 20 2017 , 15:43 Istthe goods and services tax ( GST ) will help improve India 's export growth , commerce minister Nirmalasitharaman said here on Saturday .
Many will question how deep an impact the GST will have on the economy in the near- and long-term , firms seem convinced that prospects will brighten as the new tax regime becomes clearer , '' said de Lima .
Dropping hints that the government would reduce tax rates under GST , Prime Minister Modi said on Tuesday that 99 per cent things would be brought under GST slabs below 18 per cent .
Terming GST as the most historic reform in India , Modi said it will be implemented from next month in an apparent reference to the scheduled date of July 1 .
File Photofinance minister Arunjaitley on Wednesday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) , which is likely to be rolled out from July 1 , will help curb tax evasion and reduce prices of various commodities by reducing tax on tax .
In a bid for smooth transition to the new tax regime , RAM announced the constitution of GST consultation committee in the commercial taxes department that would have representatives from all the important stakeholders .
By Ptinew Delhi : going forward , as tax revenues significantly increase , India will have GST slabs of 0 per cent , 5 per cent and a standard rate between 12-18 per cent for commonly-used items , finance minister Arunjaitley said Monday .
I am conscious of ( the ) fact that the current political attitude of some political parties is to delay implementation of GST but the constitutional mandate is very clear , Arunjaitley said , adding the old taxation regime can continue for just one year from September 16 , the date of notification .
June 1 is the cut-off for considering reforms for this listing and our GST was implemented from July 1 , so there is considerable room for further improved position next time , Arunjaitley said .
I & B minister M Naidu told reporters that Modi explained to NDA leaders the importance of the GST Bill and the need to pass it .
Meanwhile , chief minister RAM on Friday said there was no need to convene the special session of the legislature as the president has already given his assent to the GST constitutional amendment bill .
New Delhi : sounding bullish on the state of economy , Union home minister Rajnathsingh today said the centre was hopeful of crossing the hurdles in rolling out GST from April 1 next year .
The consensus on GST reflects the spirit of one nation , one aspiration , one determination , Modi earlier said in his opening remarks at the meeting .
2 : President Pranabmukherjee today said States needed to come on board and develop an appropriate mechanism to roll out goods and services tax ( GST ) .
Commending the bill for consideration and passage , Arunjaitley said : GST is going to lead to a win-win situation as far as the centre and the states are concerned .
Talking about the recent roll-out of goods and services tax , Pranabmukherjee said the passage of GST speaks volume about the maturity of the parliament .
The meeting also saw Trinamool Congress pushing for the passage of the GST bill , Naidu said .
The sale of land and immovable property should be part of GST so that input tax credit can flow freely in the system , RAM said at a conference .
Ex-Pm should advice Cong to change stand on GST : Jaitleynew Delhi , Feb 14 , 2015 , Dhns : 0:46 Istif Manmohan Singh is a real statesman , he should advice Congress not to press for GST that provides tariff in Constitution , finance minister Arunjaitley has said .
Addressing Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) workers , Modi said his governments prime objective has been financial inclusion and Jan Dhan Yojana and the GST will help the government achieve its objective .
The laws which enable this ( GST ) are now before parliament which hopefully should get cleared and once they do get cleared then by the middle of this year we hope to see the implementation as far as this law is concerned , Arunjaitley said .
Hoping that goods and services tax ( GST ) will be introduced from July 1 , Jaitley said a consensus has been arrived at between the centre and states on most of the contentious issues in the GST council meeting .
Modi said that traders dont have to wait for the next budget anymore as the GST council has the power to revise the slab every two months .
According to sources , Gandhi told the members that the party should play the role of a constructive opposition and should not be seen as against the GST legislations .
Consensus on GST will go down in history as a great illustration of cooperative federalism , Modi said .
Although the detailed content of forms was yet to be finalised , Modi said adequate time will be given to GST network , which provides the it backbone , as well as businesses for transition .
With figures to show Congress governments underperforming on socially key projects , Modi said the NDA has stemmed the negative tide but was not allowed to work as the opposition was blocking some legislations like the GST bill which is conceived by the United progressive alliance .
B'India is committed to taking hard and difficult decisions in the long-term interest of the economy , Prime Minister Manmohansingh said today , while assuring Japanese industry that the long-awaited goods and services tax ( GST ) regime facing hurdles from states will be in place in an appropriate type by 2014 .
Commerce minister Nirmalasitharaman said in Chennai she was very optimistic of the passage of the GST while environment minister Prakash Javadekar said it will be definitely passed because government enjoyed a majority in Rajya Sabha .
Modi said a slew of decisions made by the GST council and efforts to make GST simpler are steps in that direction .
Within the first year of GST implementation , Arunjaitley said the number of people who registered for GST has gone up by 74 per cent and government has also been able to bring down tax rates for as many as 334 commodities than previous levels .
Commerce minister Nirmalasitharaman on Saturday said the goods and services tax ( GST ) will help improve Indias export growth .
Speaking on the GST bill , Modi asked the party to prepare a booklet that will also include details of 100 schemes initiated by the NDA government and get the message across to the people especially how the proposed tax regime will help small traders , a core support base of the BJP .
There would be enough safeguards to the constitution of Jammu & Kashmir , Drabu said in his reply on the second day of the GST in the state assembly .
Indias economy should get a lift from the launch of the goods and services tax ( GST ) , finance minister Arunjaitley said on Thursday , putting a brave face on a slowdown in growth that followed a government crackdown on black money .
Finance Minister Etala Rajender , announcing the breakthrough in the talks about goods and services tax ( GST ) with union finance minister Arun Jaitley , said that those goods attracting tax between nine per cent and 15 per cent would be now taxed at 12 per cent in Telangana .
Share this article related article government opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money Billgovernment opposes Jairam 's plea against Aadhaar bill as money bill the LPG Puzzlethe LPG puzzle Aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie Pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass GST , bankruptcy bill this session : Arun Jaitleyhope to pass GST , bankruptcy bill this session : Arunjaitley Aadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in Lok Sabha Aadhaar gets statutory status ; centre to bring bill in two Dayswhile wrapping up the debate , Arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised , most speakers have actually supported the bill .
Finance Minister Pranabmukherjee had announced in the budget 2011-12 that a public debate on the services tax to help the government finalise the approach to GST would take place .
