;;-0.7783;;read| tigress avni's killing: union minister nitingadkari gadkari backs maharashtra forest minister sudhircity congress chief sanjay nirupam even accused state forest minister sudhir mungantiwar of having a nexus with the international poaching mafia.
;;0.0;;by online deskunion minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday fainted on the stage during an event in rahuri near ahmednagar in western maharashtra, about 275 km from mumbai.
;;-0.6705;;gadkari started feeling uneasy, lost his balance and collapsed on the dais.
;;0.6369;;i thank all of you for all the well wishes, gadkari had tweeted shortly after the incident.
;;-0.7862;;by ptinew delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on monday complimented union minister nitingadkari gadkari for his remarks that one who cannot take care of home, cannot manage the country, saying he has guts and should also comment on the rafale deal, farmers distress and destruction of institutions.
;;0.4019;;the congress president cited a report quoting gadkari as saying that party workers should first fulfil their domestic responsibilities as those who cannot do that cannot manage the country.
;;-0.4404;;also read: nitingadkari gadkari slammed by opposition for 'veiled criticism' of pm modithe union minister had made the remarks on saturday while addressing former workers of the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the bjp's student wing, in nagpur.
;;0.5423;;the congress chief's comments praising gadkari came in the wake of various other congress leaders lauding the union minister for his recent statements they view as a swipe at the bjp leadership.
;;-0.3291;;congress spokesperson manish tewari had last week lauded gadkari for his remarks that leaders who fail to fulfil promises get 'beaten up' by people, but at the same time took a swipe at him saying his target was prime minister narendra modi and his eyes were on the pm's chair.
;;0.0;;incidentally, rahul gandhi was seen exchanging notes with gadkari while being seated along with him in the front row at the republic day parade at rajpath.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: union minister nitingadkari gadkari will inaugurate two floating restaurants under the ongoing waterfront development work at mumbai port in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;gadkari will participate in the bhoomi poojan ceremony of mumbai port trust's new eastern water front, the shipping ministry said in a statement.
;;0.6705;;gadkari will also launch invitation of tenders for mumbai-elephanta ropeway and a super specialty hospital at the port.
;;0.8555;;by ptinew delhi: upa chairperson sonia gandhi thursday led the congress in lok sabha in appreciating road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for the wonderful work he has been doing in improving the country's infrastructure.
;;0.8442;;also read: nitingadkari gadkari only one in bjp with some guts: rahul gandhias gadkari completed the answers amidst thumping of desks by ruling bjp members, saffron party member from madhya pradesh ganesh singh stood up and told speaker sumitra mahajan that the house should appreciate the wonderful works being carried out by the union road transport minister.
;;0.7783;;at this, sonia gandhi, who all through was patiently listening to gadkari and often seen nodding in response to his replies, smiled and started thumping the desk as a sign of appreciation.
;;-0.7862;;sonia gandhi's son and congress president rahul gandhi too recently had complimented gadkari for his remarks that one who cannot take care of home, cannot manage the country, saying he has guts and should also comment on the rafale deal, farmers distress and destruction of institutions.
;;0.0;;incidentally, rahul gandhi was seen exchanging notes with gadkari while being seated along with him during the republic day parade at rajpath.
;;0.6124;;by express news servicenew delhi/mumbai: senior union minister, nitingadkari gadkari has been caught in a fresh controversy with a new remark which the opposition has latched on to with glee-claiming he is a contrarian to the party he belongs to.
;;-0.875;;yet, even as gadkari blamed his plight to media twists, misquote and a sinister campaign by those in opposition, the ruling bjp was forced to clarify monday, saying his remarks were aimed at the congress.
;;0.4588;;bjp spokesperson gvl narasimha rao said, nitingadkari gadkaris comments are now being twisted and political benefit being taken out of it.
;;0.0;;tagging his tweet to the pm, aimim chief asaduddin owaisi said, gadkari is showing you the mirror, and in a very subtle way.
;;-0.3875;;those close to gadkari in maharashtra see a vidarbhan streak in him  speaking his mind with least care about the consequences.
;;0.0;;i, (union minister) nitingadkari gadkari and the captain were all there at that time and there was a deck below her.
;;0.4404;;bjp leaders including kummanam rajasekharan took an effort to meet nitingadkari gadkari, minister of road transport and highways of india regarding the need to improve the mukkola-vizhinjam road and submitted a memorandum.
;;0.0;;we even visited the spot and analysed the possibilities prior to our meeting with nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;roads come under the schemes of national highway, state highway, pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana scheme and also flood-damaged road repairing.
;;0.7184;;following my intervention and a discussion with union minister nitingadkari gadkari, the centre approved epc mode for nh bypass widening in october and nhai began issuing engineering & construction (epc) tender for the nh-47 bypass for rs 750 crore, he said.
;;0.4939;;he also mentioned he proposed the 'green highway' idea and asked for replanting trees along the nh bypass.
;;0.0;;on january 27, he attended the inauguration of third bridge on the mandovi river here along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.3612;;rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, giriraj singh, babul supriyo, harsh vardhan, manoj sinha, narendra singh tomar, mahesh sharma, jayant sinha, ravi shanker prasad, uma bharti, and smriti irani are among the union ministers who have cleared their dues.
;;-0.5187;;also read: leadership must own up to defeat also: nitingadkari gadkarithe minister, who was speaking at an event in pune, did not elaborate, but his comments assumed significance in wake of the bjp's defeat in just-held assembly polls in madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan.
;;0.0;;by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: the states national highway development will be included in the high priority list, union minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari told chief minister pinarayi vijayan.
;;0.7003;;gadkari reiterated the centres commitment for nh development in the state.
;;0.4404;;manish anand byexpress news servicevaranasi: union minister nitingadkari gadkari appears to be holding hope aloft for prime minister narendra modi in his parliamentary constituency.
;;0.0;;incidentally, gadkari is the minister for surface transport under whose watch roads are being built with apparent speed, even as lok sabha elections are not far away.
;;0.91;;moreover, the bjp has entrusted union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, jp nadda (up in-charge), govardhan bhai zadafia (co-incharge), partys national vice-president dr dushyant gautam, narottam mishra, haryana cm manohar lala khattar, uttarakhand cm trivendra singh rawat, bihar deputy cm sushil kumar modi, former cm of madhya pradesh and party vice president shivraj singh chouhan, chhattisgarh ex-cm and party vice  president dr raman singh and rajasthan ex-cm and party vice president vasundhara raje will hold cluster meetings with the in-charges of booths under their respective sectors to impart finer points and insight into poll management.
;;0.0624;;on whether she did not wish to serve under leaders other than modi, the textile minister said, am i not currently working under leaders like rajnath singh ji, nitingadkari gadkari ji?
;;-0.4767;;also on the dais were sad chief parkash singh badal and ljp founder ram vilas paswan, and former bjp presidents rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari visited the temple town of ayodhya on friday gifting five projects worth rs 3799 crore to the people of the land of lord ram.
;;0.4215;;however, time was lost when union ports minister nitingadkari gadkari favored an underground link while fadnavis supported the traditional design.
;;0.0258;;nitin gadkari will head a 17-member committee to reach out to social and volunteer organisations while sushma swaraj will head the group that will produce literature for the polls.
;;0.0;;gadkari, the minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, also signed an mou with six chief ministers for the construction of renukaji multi-purpose dam project in the upper yamuna basin.
;;0.4019;;by online deskbollywood actress isha koppikar on sunday joined the bhartiya janta party (bjp) in the presence of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in mumbai.
;;0.4404;;by express news servicenew delhi: in what can be seen as the narendra modi governments major hindutva push ahead of the lok sabha elections, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will lay the foundation stones for five national highway projects in ayodhya on friday that will improve connectivity between the holy towns of ayodhya, prayagraj, kashi (varanasi) and chitrakoot.
;;0.4404;;the projects also include beautification of ayodhya section of the lucknow-ayodhya highway at a cost of rs 55 crore and four-laning of ayodhya-akbarpur section of the ayodhya-varanasi highway at a cost of rs 1,081 crore.
;;-0.7184;;gadkari, however, clarified that he has no business dealing with mallya, who faces extradition from the uk for alleged bank fraud and money laundering amounting to an estimated rs 9,000 crore.
;;-0.2413;;gadkari has for long been calling for a more considerate and realistic approach to npas, and indirectly blamed the bankers for the npa mess, saying our banking system is such that it does not support sick companies.
;;-0.7096;;last month, gadkari had blamed the rbi for complicating project finance, saying over 150 projects involving over rs 2 trillion investments are struggling to get financial closure.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: after a row over his seating arrangement at the republic day last year, congress president rahul gandhi was seen sitting in the front row along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari at the 70th republic day celebrations here.
;;0.6597;;by aninew delhi: taxi aggregator uber on tuesday reinforced its commitment to road safety today in the presence of minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari by announcing a slew of measures and initiatives.
;;0.836;;sensitizing the public about their roles in ensuring road safety is as vital as placement of curbs, under-passes and safety features for pedestrians, said nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;the announcements were made in the presence of nitingadkari gadkari, pradeep parameswaran and prabhjeet singh, regional general manager, uber india and south asia.
;;0.5719;;gadkari at an event here today said the policy was needed to curb vehicular pollution as well as given the annual 22 per cent growth rate of automobile industry that will require an additional highway lane every third year, costing rs 80,000 crore.
;;0.6705;;he also applauded nitingadkari gadkari, who is heading the shipping ministry for improvement in cargo handling in india.
;;0.0;;gadkari also went on to say during a tv interview that because of the sensitive situation, it's not appropriate to implement that (abrogation of article 370).
;;0.6124;;read| opposition parties, media 'twisted' my statements: nitingadkari gadkarithe lift irrigation project is about fetching water from the krishna river basin and irrigating the arid region of sangli district to increase agriculture production.
;;0.0;;gadkari was attending the event to mark completion of irrigation works of the fourth stage of the lift-irrigation scheme.
;;0.1027;;also read | bjp veteran sanghpriya gautam: make shivraj singh chouhan party chief, nitingadkari gadkari deputy pmone of the major reasons for road accidents is flawed engineering.
;;0.3612;;government is also taking preventive measures in the auto industry like seat belt reminders, gadkari added.
;;0.0;;in addition to modi and shah, an array of senior bjp leaders and star campaigners including union ministers sushma swaraj (april 11), rajnath singh (april 13), nitingadkari gadkari (april 15), nirmala sitharaman (april 16) and rk singh (april 9) will make it to kerala.
;;0.4019;;the 88-year-old leader advocated making former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan the party chief, union minister nitingadkari gadkari the deputy prime minister and home minister rajnath singh the chief minister of uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;it will also involve cost of land acquisition for the four-lane highway from dera baba nanak up to the international border, he said.
;;0.0;;the report was released by union minister nitingadkari gadkari, who holds the portfolio of water resources, in the presence of the vice-chairman of the niti aayog rajiv kumar.
;;-0.8114;;gadkari rejected the congress poll plank of nyay, saying that the opposition couldnt do justice to victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots and instead had promoted the accused within the party.
;;0.0;;gadkari was speaking at a function where bollywood actor isha koppikar joined the bjp and was made working president of the party's women transport wing.
;;0.0;;gadkari, a former bjp president, also spoke about his stint as maharashtra's pwd minister when the shiv sena-bjp government was in power (1995-99) in the state.
;;-0.3919;;i was ridiculed but i proved them wrong and completed every project i had promised, gadkari asserted.
;;0.0;;we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir and punjab, gadkari tweeted.
;;-0.1531;;read here | surplus water to be used by punjab, haryana, rajasthan: jitendra singh on stopping water to pakistanregarding the tweet (by gadkari) about indus treaty, this is not a new decision.
;;-0.0516;;union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari and leaders of nda allies, including shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, sad supremo parkash singh badal and ljp founder ram vilas paswan were present on the stage with shah.
;;0.0;;ahmedabad: union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, piyush goyal, ram vilas pasawn, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, shiromani akali dal leader parkash singh badal & others at 'vijay sankalp sabha', ahead of amit shah's filing of nomination from gandhinagar ls constituency.
;;0.0;;union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and hansraj ahir, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and governor ch vidyasagar rao were present at the event.
;;0.0;;he then quoted gadkari saying: one who cannot manage his home, cannot manage the country.
;;0.0772;;representatives of polavaram project authority (ppa) and state water resources department met union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on tuesday to arrive at a consensus.
;;-0.3875;;sinha, a former finance minister during the atal bihari vajpayee-led previous nda government, also said that transport minister nitingadkari gadkari would not succeed prime minister narendra modi as he and bjp chief amit shah will not retire even if the bjp fell below the 200-seat mark in 2019 lok sabha polls.
;;-0.1779;;about speculation on whether gadkari would succeed modi, the disgruntled former bjp mp said, there is no hope in hell for that.
;;0.8615;;it is a very fond hope that some media people are nursing that gadkari might succeed modi, he said, negating the possibility.
;;0.0;;follow our full election coverage herebesides them nitish, thackeray, union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari were also there.
;;-0.0258;;sources said, parliamentary affairs minister vijay goel has told the protesting lawmakers of the two parties that water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari will discuss the issue with them.
;;0.34;;home minister rajnath singh will also talk to them along with gadkari to reach an amicable solution and meet their demands.
;;0.4019;;by aninew delhi: in a veiled reference to bjp president amit shah, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari stated that the party president should take onus if mlas and mps are underperforming.
;;-0.4588;;this statement from gadkari comes a few weeks after bjp faced defeat in three hindi heartlands'- chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan recently concluded assembly elections.
;;0.5423;;top party leaders, including prime minister narendra modi and union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari besides shah, will be addressing these meetings.
;;-0.4588;;narayanasamy said he had handed over a letter to the union minister nitingadkari gadkari recently in delhi informing him that the nod to karnataka government given by the centre was shocking as it has ignored the interests of riparian states.
;;-0.296;;by ptipune: ncp president sharad pawar said saturday that he was worried about union minister nitingadkari gadkari as he is being projected as a possible alternative to prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.2263;;gadkari, a senior bjp leader, was recently in news when he was seen as taking swipes at his party's top leadership after the assembly poll losses in three states.
;;0.4939;;talking to reporters at solapur in maharashtra, pawar said to a question, gadkari is my friend.
;;-0.25;;meanwhile, union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkari on friday termed the demands for mungantiwars resignation as laughable.
;;-0.4588;;by aninew delhi: bharatiya janata party leaders have backed union minister nitingadkari gadkari for his recent remarks about politicians who show dreams but fail to fulfil them, will get thrashed by the public.
;;0.0;;gadkari has shown the mirror to the congress.
;;-0.5023;;another bjp leader g. v. l. narasimha rao said comments by gadkari were being twisted for political benefithe (gadkari) was hinting at the congress, which only gave slogans of 'garibi hatao' but did not do anything for poverty alleviation and towards rahul gandhi who makes empty promises, rao said.
;;-0.5423;;isaac, who released a letter from pillai to union minister nitingadkari gadkari seeking to keep land acquisition on abeyance, said pillai should be declared as states common enemy.
;;0.4019;;in the first phase, the bjp has sought to defend 32 seats, including those being fought by senior party leader nitingadkari gadkari and five other union ministers, and also expand its tally in states dominated by regional players last time.
;;0.1027;;the members of the gom are road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, defence minister nirmala sitharaman and women and child development minister maneka gandhi, a home ministry official said.
;;-0.8151;;gadkari advocated that banks be helped if the mistakes they have committed are bonafide, but must be punished if the mistakes are malafied.
;;0.8176;;gadkari also lauded the success of cooperative movements in maharashtra and gujarat and proposed to market such successful models in delhi, as nobody knows about cooperative movement in the national capital.
;;-0.6808;;read| tigress avni's killing: union minister nitingadkari gadkari backs maharashtra forest minister sudhirit is headed by principal chief conservator of forest s h patil.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: bjp ally shiv sena mp sanjay raut claimed sunday the country was heading for a fractured mandate, and union minister nitingadkari gadkari would be waiting for such an eventuality.
;;-0.6486;;while senior leaders in the bjp are worried about its possible poor performance in coming elections, nitingadkari gadkari's statements are an indication of which way the winds are blowing.
;;0.765;;a leader like gadkari has equal acceptance in the rss as well as among other bjp leaders, raut said.
;;0.0;;that memory still rankles with gadkari, raut said.
;;0.2023;;gadkari is now waiting for the hung lok sabha of 2019, raut added, suggesting, indirectly, that in that case the union minister could become the consensus candidate for the top post.
;;0.0;;gadkari recalled the indus water treaty, a water- distribution treaty between india and pakistan signed in 1960 by the then prime minister jawaharlal nehru and pakistans president ayub khan.
;;0.0;;earlier friday, gadkari also laid the foundation stone of the rs 758.
;;0.4404;;good governance and developmentare among our party's principles, gadkari added.
;;-0.2023;;by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: the union ministry of road transport and highways has revoked the controversial decision which changed the category of keralas highway works from high priority-1 to high priority-2.
;;-0.4019;;so road widening is an issue and this is keralas biggest problem, said nitingadkari gadkari, union minister for road transport and highways.
;;0.0;;the centre changed its stand after union minister of state for tourism alphons kannanthanam held discussions with gadkari and nhai chairman.
;;-0.296;;nhai had earlier asked the ldf government in kerala to stop the land acquisition process for the expansion of national highway 66.
;;-0.7783;;notably, union minister and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari had in june this year acknowledged that there was agrarian crisis due to surplus crop output and sought action to address the problem.
;;0.5719;;i am happy where i am right now, said minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari while responding to a question on probability of him becoming the prime ministerial candidate face in the 2019 elections, replacing prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.2263;;read| replace narendra modi with nitingadkari gadkari: maharashtra leader tells rssin an exclusive interview to ani gadkari said, no there is no chance.
;;0.0;;we are making an express highway from mumbai to delhi at cost of rs one lakh crore.
;;0.8689;;by aninew delhi: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday expressed confidence and asserted that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) will win assembly elections in chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan.
;;-0.4767;;the tunnel, that connects udhampur and ramban districts of jammu and kashmir, bypasses a dangerous hilly terrain of over 30 km of the strategic jammu-srinagar national highway -- the only surface link that connects the kashmir valley with the rest of india.
;;0.0;;in addition to saving nearly two hours from the over 10-hour travel time on the highway, the passage of traffic through the tunnel will result in a daily saving of rs 27 lakh in terms of fuel used by vehicles.
;;0.0;;the tunnel, which took over five years to build, will also bypass some 44 avalanche - and landslide -prone spots on the nearly 300-km-long highway, which shuts when it rains heavily and snows in kashmir.
;;0.0;;he said the government had made every attempt to preserve the environment and the himalayas while constructing the tunnel on the strategic jammu-srinagar highway.
;;0.0;;union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari told the rally that the central government had sanctioned rs 2,100 crore and rs 2,200 crore for the construction of ring roads -- one each in jammu and srinagar -- to decongest traffic in the two cities.
;;0.0;;the babatpur highway will link the holy city to the airport and connect jaunpur, sultanpur and lucknow.
;;0.0;;the prime minister will be accompanied by up governor ram naik, union minister for road transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari and up chief minister yogi adityanath.
;;0.4767;;by ptichandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh has written to union minister nitingadkari gadkari, seeking early approval of the proposed delhi-amritsar-katra expressway project, an official spokesperson said.
;;0.4588;;bhaiyyu maharaj, who has friends across parties lines and whose list of followers range from former maharashtra cms vilasrao deshmukh and sharad pawar to union minister nitingadkari gadkari, mns chief raj thackeray and world famous singer lata mangeshkar, spent considerable time with narendra modi and was present with spiritual heads of other communities when the chief minister broke his three-day fast in 2011.
;;-0.2263;;30 pm when bobby, a first year student at a college here, was stopped by his wife's brothers nitingadkari (26) and neeraj (30) while he was returning home.
;;0.1027;;congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala hit out at the bjp after union minister nitingadkari gadkari reportedly admitted that the rafale deal was curtailed due to do financial constraints.
;;0.1027;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari too on tuesday said former defence minister george fernandes was a staunch patriot and his icon.
;;0.8176;;by iansmumbai: a prominent maharashtra farmer leader has demanded that the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) must replace prime minster narendra modi with union minister nitingadkari gadkari if the bharatiya janata party (bjp) wishes to win the 2019 general elections.
;;0.4939;;this has been witnessed before and if history is not to be repeated, hand over the reins to gadkari for the 2019 polls, tiwari said.
;;0.7906;;in his letters to the rss top brass, tiwari said that considering the dictatorial approach of modi and shah, which has unleashed fear in the country, it was imperative to have an acceptable and gentle leader like gadkari, who can take along all viewpoints and friendly parties, evolve consensus and remove fear among people.
;;0.2023;;he said the 61-year-old gadkari, a staunch bjp-rss activist since decades, was adequately qualified for the top post since he has also headed the bjp as national president, besides ministerial capacities in maharashtra and now at the centre.
;;0.7003;;bhaiyyu maharaj had friends across parties lines and the list of followers ranged from former maharashtra cms vilasrao deshumukh and sharad pawar to union minister nitingadkari gadkari, mns chief raj thackeray and world famous singer lata mangeshkar.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday said the exit polls are not the final decision but indicate that the bjp will once again come to power, riding on the development work done by the nda government.
;;0.2263;;seeking to set the record straight on speculations of him being in the prime ministerial race, gadkari asserted that the new bjp-led government will be formed under modi's leadership.
;;0.0;;kumaraswamy said he would take the suggestion of the advocate general to decide the future course of action and also meet union water resource minister nitingadkari gadkari and make our submission.
;;0.836;;sources said the saffron party is hopeful of putting up a better show this time with union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, rajnath singh and dharmendra pradhan stepping up campaigning for abhimanyu.
;;0.4767;;by express news servicevijayawada: water resources minister devineni umamaheswara rao has said that he had requested union minister nitingadkari gadkari to convene a meeting of the officials from central water commission, ministry of water resources and state government for expediting the approval for the revised detailed project report (dpr) on the polavaram project.
;;0.0;;gadkari attributed such 'ups and downs' to global economy, external and internal factors and business cycle.
;;0.5423;;district co-ordinator of haritha keralam mission, sujith karun, received the award from central water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari, on behalf of district collector muhammed y safirulla.
;;0.296;;scores of nda leaders, including sad patriarch parkash singh badal, union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, piyush goyal, ram vilas paswan, sena supremo uddhav thackeray, bjp organisational secretary ram lal, gujarat chief minister and his deputy vijay rupani and nitingadkari patel respectively will attend the event.
;;-0.3182;;tewari had targeted union minister nitingadkari gadkari over his comment that india has decided to stop the flow of its share of water to pakistan, saying it was an attempt to package high octane jingoism to hide national security failures.
;;0.7351;;for the interest of the country if we have to take certain stringent decisions and if we have to pay a political price, we are ready for it, gadkari added.
;;0.0;;citing these issues, state works minister g sudhakaran wrote to union minister nitingadkari gadkari seeking to address the issues.
;;0.0;;union minister from kerala alphons kannanthanam also wrote to nitingadkari gadkari seeking to revoke the decision.
;;-0.0772;;(bjp's) nitingadkari gadkari has already spoken that the party leadership should take responsibility for the defeat.
;;0.0;;after a meeting with the union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday, punjabs rural development and panchayat minister tripat rajinder singh bajwa and water resources minister sukhbinder singh sarkaria told mediapersons that with the construction of this dam, about 600 cc of river water flowing into pakistan could be checked and utilized by the state for irrigation.
;;-0.1645;;by iansnew delhi: union minister and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari described prime minister narendra modis attack on rajiv gandhi as a reaction to the insults that he has been subjected to by the congress party and asserted that he cannot be blamed for it.
;;-0.8442;;by ptinew delhi: in a left-handed compliment, congress president rahul gandhi said monday union minister nitingadkari gadkari is the only one in the bjp who has the guts, and asked him to comment on the rafale deal, job crisis, farmers distress and destruction of institutions.
;;0.4019;;also read | nitingadkari gadkari only one in bjp with some guts: rahul gandhithe congress president cited a report quoting gadkari as saying that party workers should first fulfil their domestic responsibilities as those who cannot do that cannot manage the country.
;;0.0;;gadkari took to twitter to reply to the congress chief.
;;0.5218;;read | leaders who don't keep promise get 'beaten up' by people: former bjp president nitingadkari gadkarirahul gandhi ji, i do not need a certificate from you on my courage, but it is a matter of surprise that even after being the president of a national party you have to take the help of news twisted by the media to attack our government, gadkari tweeted.
;;0.5423;;the congress chief's comments praising gadkari came in the wake of various other congress leaders lauding the union minister for his recent statements they view as a swipe at the bjp leadership.
;;-0.3291;;congress spokesperson manish tewari had last week lauded gadkari for his remarks that leaders who fail to fulfil promises get 'beaten up' by people, but at the same time took a swipe at him saying his target was prime minister narendra modi and his eyes were on the pm's chair.
;;0.0;;incidentally, rahul gandhi was seen exchanging notes with gadkari while being seated along with him in the front row at the republic day parade at rajpath.
;;0.2023;;apart from prime minister narendra modi and shah, several top bjp leaders and chief ministers such as rajnath singh, arun jaitley, nitingadkari gadkari, nirmala sitharaman, raman singh, yogi adityanath, uma bharati and giriraj singh will participate in the campaign.
;;0.3612;;many union ministers including aviation minister suresh prabhu, environment minister harshvardhan, minister of petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan, and minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari were present at the igi airport in delhi when the first such flight arrived from dehradun.
;;0.0;;we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir and punjab (sic), gadkari had tweeted on thursday.
;;0.6369;;by express news servicenew delhi: with several states engaged in a bitter fight over water sharing, union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said there is enough water available in the country but the real issue is effective water management.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari of the bjp is pitted against congress' nana patole here.
;;0.1531;;the residents of hastsaal village, neeraj, 32, and nitingadkari , 28, told police that their sister married a person against the wishes of their family and society.
;;-0.296;;addressing media persons a few days ago in new delhi, nitingadkari gadkari, union minister for road transport, said: there is no need for any policy now.
;;0.4019;;speaking alongside gadkari, niti aayog chief executive amitabh kant justified the ministers words: what we need is action plans.
;;0.7351;;also read: exit polls not final decision, but hint at bjp's win, says nitingadkari gadkarilet us now wait for may 23.
;;0.0;;modi, along with union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari, also received india's first container vessel that sailed from kolkata on the newly-developed inland waterway carrying cargo belonging to food and beverages giant pepsico india.
;;0.0;;by express news servicejajpur/baripada: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday accused the state government of creating roadblocks in the path of development in odisha.
;;0.5106;;addressing election meetings in jajpur and mayurbhanj districts, gadkari exuded confidence that bjp will come to power again at the centre and in odisha.
;;0.3612;;gadkari also promised that cbi would expedite probe into the sinking of black rose vessel if bjp comes to power in state.
;;0.3612;;gadkari also promised to connect jajpur road to dhamara via the district headquarters town of jajpur with railway link if bjp is voter to power.
;;-0.5267;;gadkari attacked the the state government for depriving the benefits of ayushman bharat scheme to the people of odisha.
;;0.1027;;the other members of the group, which held its first meeting on december 12, are road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, defence minister nirmala sitharaman and gandhi.
;;0.2023;;union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, jp nadda and prakash javadekar were among the key leaders from the bjp at the meeting.
;;-0.34;;the resolution moved by union minister nitingadkari gadkari stressed on electoral choice for people between mazboot or mazboor (strong or weak) government at the centre.
;;0.0258;;moving the political resolution in the concluding session of the national convention of the bjp at the ramlila ground, union minister nitingadkari gadkari argued that samajwadi party (sp) and bahujan samajwadi party (bsp) are coming together in uttar pradesh due to fears of bjp's might.
;;-0.5719;;even after their alliance, we will trounce them on the ground, gadkari asserted while arguing that the bjp should be credited for old enemies joining hands.
;;-0.0516;;by express news servicenew delhi: the government seems to have dropped its plans to frame and implement a comprehensive electric vehicle (ev) policy, with union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari stating on thursday that there was no need for an explicit policy.
;;0.0;;gadkari and kant were addressing the press after launching two electric vehicle charging stations at niti aayogs premises.
;;0.4767;;the government has mooted an ambitious target to turn all cars electric by 2030, with gadkari earlier stating that an ev policy was being formulated with the goal of achieving this target.
;;0.6369;;by iansshimla: union minister for roads and highways nitingadkari gadkari was on wednesday examined by a team of doctors in a luxury hotel on the outskirts of the state capital where he was staying with his wife and he was found to be perfectly health, an official said.
;;0.7184;;a tweeter post from his handle said that gadkari underwent a health check-up in shimla and he was declared perfectly fine by the doctors.
;;0.0;;,        office of nitingadkari gadkari (@officeofng) may 1, 2019two teams of doctors of the indira gandhi medical college and hospital here, including the medical superintendent, were rushed to wildflower hall to examine gadkari, a senior official told ians.
