;;0.0;;with prime minister narenda modi busy in french presidents visit to chandigarh, rajnath singh was the first to garland shah followed by other senior leaders nitingadkari gadkari and m venkaiah naidu.
;;-0.4404;;disappointingly, however, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, in february had remarked that india does not need a national policy on evs, and consequently, the policy narrative quickly assumed a back-flip.
;;0.0;;yeddyurappa told reporters that he would go in for a cabinet expansion after consulting bjp president nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0772;;the invite was again conveyed by three ministers  sushma swaraj, nitingadkari gadkari and mukhtar abbas naqvi  to sisi in july and august but each time the response was lukewarm.
;;-0.296;;the sources said that former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari has refused to take over the reins in delhi, which will also go to polls along with madhya pradesh (mp), chhattisgarh, rajasthan and andhra pradesh.
;;0.2023;;gadkari, who was one of the 12 top leaders apart from l k advani, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley and venkaiah naidu, left the meeting before others got out.
;;0.5994;;several bjp leaders led by party president nitingadkari gadkari and parliamentary party chairman l k advani sat on a strike at rajghat.
;;0.0;;a host of leaders, including union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, ramvilas paswan, ravishankar prasad, radhamohan singh, rajiv pratap rudy besides, state bjp leader sushil kumar modi, upendra kushwaha, bihar minister rajiv ranjan singh lallan and local mp r k singh were among others present on the dais.
;;0.7717;;gadkari received favours from essar, says reportnew delhi, feb 27, 2015, dhns: 2:33 istunion minister nitingadkari gadkari found himself in the middle of a controversy on friday after a news report said he accepted favours from a private company.
;;0.7003;;the centre for public interest litigation (cpil) said internal emails of essar group of companies showed that favours were made to bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari, now an union minister, former ministers sriprakash jaiswal, beni prasad verma and congress leader digvijay singh and journalists through high-end gifts, luxury travel or jobs to their recommended candidates.
;;0.2263;;cpil cited a series of emails to argue that gadkari and his family enjoyed hospitality at essar vice-chairman ravi ruias 280-feet super-luxury personal yacht sunrays in 2013 in his europe tour.
;;0.4215;;all arrangements are made by essar for the visit of gadkari and his eight family members, including pick-up by a helicopter from the nice airport to the cruise and all meals during their stay.
;;0.9136;;yeddy confident of being reinstated after meeting gadkarinew delhi, mar 22, 2012 (pti) 18:42 istformer karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa, insisting on his reinstatement, today expressed happiness over his meeting with bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and said he was confident the party leadership will take the right decision.
;;0.5719;;emerging from a long meeting with gadkari and central leaders including general secretaries ravi shankar prasad, dharmendra pradhan and ramlal, yeddyurappa said, i am happy with the outcome of the meeting.
;;0.4019;;yeddyurappa claimed that gadkari had conveyed to him that he will take an appropriate decision in the light of his request that he be reinstated as chief minister after the karnataka high court gave him a clean chit in a graft case.
;;0.5574;;the lingayat leader met gadkari after his successor to the post of chief minister d v sadananda gowda and state unit president k eshwarappa had met the party president.
;;0.0;;gadkari will take an appropriate decision in consultation with the central leadership.
;;0.3182;;gadkari challenged political parties for a debate to prove that the nda legislation was anti-farmer.
;;0.4767;;bhagwat clarified that it was not the rss' decision to make nitingadkari gadkari the bjp national president but it had merely played the role of a facilitator when senior bjp leaders had met him to find a replacement for rajnath singh in the post-parliamentary poll debacle of 2009.
;;0.0772;;the names of a number of leaders were discussed for the bjp president's post with gadkari being among the names, the rss chief told reporters.
;;0.34;;it was the bjp leaders' call to select gadkari as the bjp president, he said adding the sangh had merely played the role of a facilitator.
;;0.0;;soon, policy to scrap vehicles above 10 yrs to check pollutionnew delhi, dec 5, 2015, dhns: 0:50 istunion road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said the government will soon come out with an integrated policy to scrap commercial vehicles that are over 10-year-old to check rising air pollution.
;;0.0;;he told me that he had a meeting with (union surface transport and highways minister) nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;6-laning of b'luru-mysuru highway will begin in decfebruary 4, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:00 istunion minister for transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday said the work on six laning the bengaluru-mysuru highway will begin by december 2016.
;;0.0;;under the rs 8,000-crore project, two service lanes on both sides of the highway would be provided for the use of local people.
;;0.0;;the decision to commence work in december was taken at a review meeting held on wednesday headed by gadkari, who announced this at a meeting of officials and civic bodies held here later in the evening.
;;0.0;;centre to invest rs 1-l cr in ktakaunion minister for transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari announced that the centre has drawn up a plan to invest rs one lakh crore for the development of national highways and ports in the two years in karnataka.
;;0.0772;;i suggest that the development of the prr be taken over by national highways authority of india (nhai) as the prr comes very close to the highway.
;;0.0;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari, who arrived here from nagpur after discussing the karnataka issues with the rss leaders, held a discussion with yeddyurappa.
;;0.0;;gadkari will have joint consultation on friday with all the state leaders on several issues, including the vokkaliga factor and revolt by another group led by minister balachandra jarkiholi.
;;0.2023;;only one tender has been received towards the remaining one work, mp said and added that he will talk to union minister nitingadkari gadkari and solve the issue.
;;-0.875;;new delhi: nov 12, 2015, dhns 1:46 ista day after bjp veterans led by l k advani sought to put the blame on narendra modi and amit shah for bihar assembly poll defeat, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday demanded stringent punishment against people trying to damage the party image.
;;-0.4404;;gadkari was among the three former bjp chiefs, including rajnath singh and m venkaiah naidu, who defended the leadership of modi and shah by denying veterans demand for fixing accountability for the debacle.
;;0.8868;;agreeing with gadkari that suggestions were welcome, bjp general secretary ram madhav, who was drafted into the party from the rss, suggested that views should not be shared publicly but on party fora which would be beneficial for both.
;;0.0;;parrikar as the party's choice this time round was broadly hinted by the bjp leaders including nitingadkari gadkari during the run-up, saying a leader from delhi could be called to head the state after the polls.
;;0.0;;gadkari alleges cartelisation by cement companiesnew delhi, feb 19, 2015, dhns 1:04 istaccusing cement makers of indulging in price cartelisation, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday said this had led to the cost of road building going up.
;;0.0;;immediately after the cabinet meeting road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari got the red beacon atop is car removed and appealed to his colleagues to follow suit.
;;0.3182;;in the midst of hectic consultations on government- formation, senior bjp leader from maharashtra vilas mungantiwar gave a new twist to the leadership race by favouring union minister nitingadkari gadkari for the post of chief minister.
;;0.0;;union minister and former bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari today met finance minister arun jaitley at the latter's residence and spent about half an hour with him to discuss the party's strategy ahead of government formation.
;;0.2023;;after the meeting gadkari left for nagpur to hold discussions with the rss top brass on its options ahead.
;;0.802;;rajkumar badole, a second term mla from arjuni morgaon in bhandara and a staunch supporter of union minister nitingadkari gadkari will be in-charge of social justice and special assistance portfolio.
;;0.0;;he said the local mp shobha karandlaje has written a letter to union minister nitingadkari gadkari revealing the reality and also appealing for permitting the movement of vehicles of undivided dakshina kannada against toll collection.
;;-0.3182;;speaking to reporters after submitting his resignation to bjp national president nitingadkari gadkari, he said caste politics, which was earlier restricted to north indian states like uttar pradesh and bihar, was now spreading its wings in the state too.
;;0.5267;;after a meeting with union minister for shipping nitingadkari gadkari on monday, a memorandum was submitted to the state government to provide a relaxation in the implementation of the crz rules, so as to carry out the development works at ports, he added.
;;-0.1531;;jd(u) president sharad yadav told media persons here on wednesday how his talks with senior bjp leaders like nitingadkari gadkari, rajnath singh and sanjay joshi yielded no results and the bjp declared candidates for those seats which were demanded by the jdu.
;;0.0;;plan to build sea bridge, tunnel to sri lanka, says gadkarinew delhi, dec 16, 2015, dhns: 0:30 istunion transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday said india is planning to build a sea bridge and tunnel connecting sri lanka.
;;0.0;;to another question, the minister said the toll collected on the delhi-agra highway by da toll road, which is an spv of reliance infra, was being kept in an escrow account following a cag report.
;;0.0;;jeevaraj said that union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has already released rs 28 crore towards the work.
;;-0.4939;;no shortage of funds for road works, says gadkarimangaluru: mar 28, 2016, dhns 23:19 istunion minister for surface transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari announced karkala-moodbidri-bc road stretch, bc road-kaikamba-kateel-mulki road and thokkottu-mudipu-melkar road as new national highways in the district.
;;-0.3182;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari indicated in a television interview that a no-confidence motion could also be tabled in the session as the upa has lost its credibility.
;;0.4019;;at the end of the meeting, chaired by party president nitingadkari gadkari and attended by other senior leaders, including l k advani, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar and murali manohar joshi, one of the participants tried to raise the karnataka issue.
;;0.0;;however, eshwarappa did not meet gadkari as the latter left for nagpur after the meeting.
;;0.0;;bengaluru, jan 31, 2016 (pti) 21:02 istdelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today said he would write to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari asking him to withdraw a clause from central rules, which mandates class 8 as minimum qualification for getting a driver's licence.
;;-0.296;;i will try to meet gadkariji and apprise him of the difficulties auto drivers could face, he said addressing auto drivers here.
;;-0.128;;cong to dig heels over gadkari's resignation demandnew delhi, may 8, 2015, (pti): 21:15 istthe demand for resignation of union minister nitingadkari gadkari is expected to gain momentum with congress today signalling that it would dug its heels on the issue in parliament next week.
;;-0.6597;;the upper house failed to transact any business as opposition congress created ruckus, demanding resignation of gadkari in the wake of a cag report that alleged irregularities involving loan extended to his family-linked purti group.
;;-0.296;;a senior congress leader, who declined to be identified, made it plain that if the government wants passage of the bills in parliament next week, the resignation of gadkari should come.
;;0.5106;;it is gadkari or bills, he remarked at a time when important bills like gst and land acquisition bills are pending.
;;-0.296;;parliament is expected to be rocked next week with the congress today insisting on resignation of gadkari.
;;0.25;;ex-ias officer k j alphons joins bjplast updated: 24 march, 2011new delhi, march 24, pti: 23:11 istfirebrand former bureaucrat k j alphons, who rose to fame for razing illegal constructions in the capital in the 1990s, joined the bjp on thursday in the presence of party president nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.4019;;gadkari took the initiative to bring alphons into the party.
;;0.0;;bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari was not present.
;;0.4019;;for, the central leaders are busy with the presidential polls and party national president nitingadkari gadkari is camping in nagpur for his sons marriage, scheduled for june 24.
;;0.0;;modi, after inaugurating the 14-lane highway spanning sarai kale khan in delhi to up gate, rode in an open car, waving at crowds gathered on either side of the highway.
;;0.4019;;after a 6-km travel on the stretch, he flew to baghpat in uttar pradesh to inaugurate the country's first smart and green highway, the eastern peripheral expressway.
;;0.0;;union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and mansukh mandaviya also present pic.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/k1ob5krvua  ani (@ani) may 27, 2018the first phase of the delhi-meerut expressway cost rs 842 crore on building the 9-km stretch of 14-lane highway, according to an advertisement released by the government on the project.
;;0.5106;;the expressway will do away with 31 traffic signals on the delhi-meerut road, the busiest highway in the region, and make it signal free.
;;-0.25;;union minister and the bjp's election in-charge for goa, nitingadkari gadkari said, parrikar will resign as the defence minister before taking oath as chief minister of goa.
;;0.6597;;the move is piloted by party president nitingadkari gadkari, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley and former party president and incharge of uttarakhand rajnath singh.
;;-0.4939;;govt to protect ram setunew delhi, aug 14, 2014, dhns: 2:04 istshipping minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday said that the government would submit a proposal to the supreme court to resolve the impasse over the sethusamudram shipping canal project, but would no way cause damage to the ram setu.
;;-0.8271;;new delhi, nov 1, 2014, (pti) 17:08 ista delhi court today issued a bailable warrant against congress leader digvijay singh for his failure to appear before it in connection with a criminal defamation case filed against him by bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari only to cancel it after he turned up.
;;0.0;;the court, however, dismissed his plea and issued bailable warrant against singh after the application was opposed by advocates ajay digpaul and balendu shekhar, who appeared for gadkari.
;;0.0;;the defamation case was filed by gadkari against singh, who had alleged that the former bjp chief had business links with the then mp ajay sancheti.
;;-0.743;;it was also alleged in the complaint that singh had accused gadkari of pocketing sum to the tune of rs 490 crore in the coal block allocation to sancheti.
;;0.0772;;gadkari, in his statement recorded in the court, had denied having any business ties with sancheti and had said that singh levelled totally false and defamatory allegations against him to give the impression that i have been responsible for allocation of the coal mines to sancheti.
;;0.128;;in his petition, gadkari had alleged that singh had levelled defamatory allegations against him to lower his dignity and to malign and tarnish his image.
;;0.4019;;shettar and bommai said bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and senior party leader arun jaitley were in touch with the yeddyurappa group in the past two days.
;;0.0;;george, who was here to meet union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, told reporters the government would decide after studying the delhi model.
;;0.2069;;a virtual service, virtually ungovernednew delhi, dec 09, 2014, dhns: 0:59 istunion transport minister nitingadkari gadkari may be against a total ban on app-based cab services like uber despite the alleged rape of a girl by a taxi driver, but a set of rules that should have been in place to govern such services is only conspicuous in their absence.
;;0.1779;;hassan-bengaluru rail service after march 15hassan, mar 09, 2017, dhns 23:43 ist'gadkari has promised widening of hassan-m'luru road into 6 lane'mla h d revanna has said that the launch of the much-awaited rail service between hassan and bengaluru has been postponed by a few days and would begin after march 15.
;;0.3612;;revanna said that union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had promised to widen the hassan-mangaluru road (barring shiradi ghat stretch) into a six-lane at a cost of rs 1,400 crore.
;;0.0;;mla khopde offers to quit for gadkari; fadanvis tight-lippednagpur, oct 22, 2014, (pti): 16:13 istamid talk that bjp maharashtra unit chief devendra fadnavis could be party's chief ministerial choice, nagpur-east mla krishna khopde today offered to quit and vacate his seat to pave way for his mentor nitingadkari gadkari, after voices grew louder on bringing back the union minister to the state to don the mantle.
;;-0.34;;khopde, a second term mla, told pti that he was willing to resign for gadkari from his constituency.
;;-0.2263;;about 39 bjp mlas all from vidarbha region had met gadkari at his residence here yesterday and demanded that he be made the state's chief minister.
;;0.0;;yesterday, in mumbai, senior bjp leader sudhir mungantiwar pitched for gadkari as the chief minister.
;;0.0;;state bjp leaders feel that nitingadkari gadkariji should come back to the state politics and take up the position of the cm of maharashtra.
;;-0.5267;;gadkari also sought to blame the previous government, saying that the steps taken by the upa regime to economise construction cost has done away with several overbridges and underpasses on many crucial roads leading to high number of accidents at several places including on delhi-gurgaon stretch.
;;0.2023;;ec notice to gadkarinew delhi, oct 6, 2014, dhns: 0:32 istthe election commission on monday issued a notice to union rural development minister nitingadkari gadkari for allegedly asking voters at latur in maharashtra to accept bribes if offered by anyone, but to exercise their voting right judiciously.
;;-0.5267;;the poll panel said that gadkari had violated the model code of conduct, which had been put in place ahead of assembly elections in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;your vote should be for the development of maharashtra, the report received by the ec quoted gadkari saying in marathi.
;;-0.6369;;the poll panel said gadkari has violated the sub-para 4 of the para 1 of the model code of conduct by making statements to the effect of inducing the voters to take bribe if offered by someone and then decide how to vote.
;;0.2023;;sources close to sreeramulu said bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and other top leaders have been persuading him to return to the party-fold and contest as its candidate.
;;0.2732;;trying to check the freedom of expression in this manner is dangerous for democracy, kumar told reporters after a meeting with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.4588;;during his meeting with gadkari, the bihar chief minister took up issues related to land acquisition for highway construction in bihar arising out of what he claimed was the national highway authority of india (nhai)'s failure to provide compensation for land at four-times the market price as laid down in the new land acquisition law.
;;0.0;;modi and senior ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and nitingadkari gadkari were also present in the meeting.
;;0.6908;;a national database of vehicles and driving licences would help in the safety and security, and avoid malpractices, gadkari added.
;;0.4019;;gadkari meets rss chiefmumbai, oct 25, 2014, dhns: 2:00 istamidst speculations that he is secretly flexing his political muscle in maharashtra ahead of the bjp legislature party meeting to choose the new chief minister, union shipping and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on saturday met rss chief mohan bhagwat.
;;0.3612;;siddaramaiah said, while union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has promised to sanction rs 1 lakh crore for the development of roads in bengaluru, railway minister suresh prabhu has hinted at announcing suburban rail service connecting bengaluru to the neighbouring towns, in the budget.
;;0.7269;;roads and national highways minister nitingadkari gadkari, human resource development minister smriti irani and union social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot were made special invitees to the niti aayog.
;;0.0;;transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will represent india in the meeting in the bhutanese capital on june 14 and 15.
;;0.0;;the information was given by minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari, who inaugurated the first ever international electric vehicle expo ev-expo being held here.
;;0.3612;;speaking after the inauguration, gadkari elaborated that as part of its efforts to curb pollution, the government has already taken various steps like including e-vehicles in the motor vehicles act.
;;0.4404;;in next 2-3 years the skill development ministry will provide training to 2 crore drivers to drive e-rickshaws which will provide livelihood to 2 crore families as well, gadkari added.
;;0.5106;;union minister for surface transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari, who launched the etc system on the delhi-mumbai nh here, said 350 toll plazas across the country will adopt electronic road user charges collection method from december 31.
;;-0.2023;;the cabinet committee on economic affairs chaired by prime minister narendra modi cleared the project (national highway no ne-ii) in haryana and uttar pradesh.
;;0.2732;;the long-pending project was cleared after union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari resolved the issue of land acquisition after meeting with transport and public works department ministers of delhi, haryana and uttar pradesh.
;;-0.6808;;when pointed out by journalists about him having violated the rules, gadkari refused to comment and entered the premises with a man riding pillion and another scooter in tow.
;;-0.1779;;gadkari felt that harnessing waterways will minimise pollution while reducing high logistical charges, adding that apart from waterways, the government is focusing on converting waste into wealth and has given nod to 8 per cent plastic usage in tar for building roads.
;;0.4019;;the plan has been crafted by the party president nitingadkari gadkari in tandem with state leaders and state election coordinator sanjay joshi, according to sources.
;;0.4019;;the members of central election campaign committee are former party presidents nitingadkari gadkari and venkaiah naidu, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar, thawar chand gehlot, ramlal and three cms  chhattisgarhs raman singh, mps shivraj singh chouhan and goas manohar parrikar.
;;0.0;;iranian president hassan rouhani, in his meeting with gadkari, said, resumption of iran-india cooperation in the southeastern iranian port city of chabahar would lead to a new chapter in relations of two countries.
;;0.4939;;the agreement was signed by gadkari and iran's minister for transport and urban development dr abbas ahmad akhoundi.
;;0.0;;touching upon iran and india's ancient and historical relations, rouhani, in his meeting with gadkari, underscored that undoubtedly the level of mutual cooperation could be expanded day by day.
;;0.0;;from chahbahar port using the existing iranian road network, a link up to zaranj in afghanistan and then using the zaranj-delaram road constructed by india in 2009, access to afghanistan's garland highway can be made.
;;0.0;;last year, chief minister siddaramaiah, pwd minister h c mahadevappa and bengaluru urban development minister k j george had met the union minister for road transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari, and requested him to sanction funds for building an elevated road from hosur road to nelamangala in bengaluru.
;;0.2023;;gadkari promised to pursue the matter with the finance ministry but asked karnataka to acquire the required land in a time-bound manner.
;;-0.1027;;bjp refuses to comment on gadkari's french cruisenew delhi, feb 27, 2015 (ians) 12:27 istthe bjp friday refused to react to a media report about road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari taking a french cruise along with his family, which was sponsored by a top corporate house.
;;0.0;;according to a report published in the indian express, essar group sponsored a trip on a foreign yacht for gadkari and his family.
;;0.4767;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari is already in goa, and according to party sources, modi has given his nod to release defence minister manohar parrikar to head the government in panjim.
;;0.4939;;rupani next gujarat cmsunil raghu, gandhinagar: aug 6, 2016, dhns 2:06 istgujarat bjp chief vijay rupani will succeed anandiben patel as the chief minister, with nitingadkari patel as his deputy.
;;0.4019;;it was chaired by national president amit shah, with union minister nitingadkari gadkari and party leader saroj pandey as observers.
;;0.1779;;rupani, a jain baniya and an amit shah confidant, upstaged nitingadkari , a patel strongman from north gujarat, to emerge as the next chief minister.
;;0.5423;;the announcement came as a surprise to many since nitingadkari (60) was the final choice and had even started giving interviews to several local and national news channels since morning about his priorities if he was to take over as the chief minister.
;;0.0;;starting his political career as a student leader of the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the students wing of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), in 1978, nadda had also worked both with gadkari and shah even in the party's youth wing - the bharatiya yuva morcha - from 1991 to 1994.
;;0.128;;last updated: 31 july, 2011new delhi, jul 31, (pti): 15:12 istending three days of suspense, karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa today sent his resignation to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and expressed his ''full support'' to the party.
;;0.5859;;yeddyurappa, who was asked by the central leadership to quit after the state lokayukta indicted him in mining issue, faxed the letter to gadkari who accepted it, party sources said here.
;;0.6597;;in his letter to gadkari, yeddyurappa vowed to stand by the party and expressed full support to it, the sources said.
;;0.4215;;the lok sabha mps who have not yet submitted the assets and liability details include union ministers sushma swaraj, uma bharti, nitingadkari gadkari, and sp supremo mulayam singh yadav.
;;0.8807;;interestingly, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari skipped mentioning karnataka while appreciating party chief ministers good governance in other bjp-ruled states.
;;0.4939;;gadkari praised gujarat chief minister narendra modi.
;;-0.5106;;gadkari tries to placate reddy brotherslast updated: 12 august, 2011bellary , aug 12 (pti) 17:49 istin an attempt to placate mining magnates and reddy brothers who failed to get minsiterial berths in karnataka, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today told them that ministerial post is not permanent in politics.
;;0.5106;;gadkari,who inaugurated a mass marriage programme organised by the district bjp unit here under the leadership of former minister b sreeramulu, exhorted the reddy brothers--janardhana and karunakara--to devote their energies to the service of people.
;;0.5267;;gadkari showered praises on the pro-people programmes implemented by former chief minister b s yeddyurappa in the last three years in karnataka and said i am satisified by these programmes.
;;0.0;;sources said he met bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and senior leader arun jaitley and apprised them of the developments in karnataka and the demands of both the yeddyurappa and gowda camps.
;;0.0;;he will also attend the marriage reception of bjp president nitingadkari gadkari's son tomorrow evening.
;;0.8402;;but gadkari and other leaders realise the support enjoyed by yeddyurappa, who is the undisputed leader of lingayats in karnataka.
;;0.0;;submit dpr for shiradi ghat tunnel bypass by june: gadkari to statemangaluru, mar 29, 2016, dhns 1:48 istunion minister for surface transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari said on monday that the proposed tunnel bypass road at shiradi ghat would become a reality if the state government submitted the detailed project report (dpr) to the ministry by june.
;;-0.8519;;gadkari snubs sushmalast updated: 28 may, 2011new delhi, may 28, (pti): 20:10 istwith her remarks on arun jaitley regarding reddy brothers threatening to snowball into a major row, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today stepped in to virtually snub sushma swaraj saying any debate on the choice of ministers in karnataka in the media is ''totally unnecessary''.
;;0.2263;;gadkari came out with a statement this evening after former party president rajnath singh and chief minister b s yeddyurappa claimed responsibility for inducting the controversial reddy brothers, mining magnates, into the state cabinet, from which swaraj had distanced herself.
;;-0.3597;;while swaraj and jaitley kept mum on the issue, gadkari came out with a sharp statement which said there is absolutely no question of any individual or individuals influencing this process in any particular manner.
;;-0.4215;;this is the second time that gadkari appeared to openly snub swaraj for her public statements.
;;0.4404;;in the earlier instance, gadkari had differed with her when she said she was satisfied with prime minister manmohan singh's statement on the controversy surrounding appointment of p j thomas as cvc and the matter should be closed.
;;0.5859;;he will be entitled to another tenure in 2019 due to the party constitution amended in 2013 to give second tenure to then president nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.296;;but, gadkari, who is now union minister for transport, could not avail it owing to a controversy surrounding his business links and rajnath took over the top post.
;;-0.296;;the bjp high command nitingadkari gadkari who had been justifying chief minister so far should also tender resignation.
;;-0.4767;;the board has to ratify the decision of singh, who was re-elected as the bjp chief in january 2013 after his predecessor, nitingadkari gadkari, resigned owing to corruption charges he was facing.
;;0.1027;;though shah is facing charges of fake encounter killings during his tenure as home minister of gujarat state under modis chief ministership, his choice for the party presidentship got a major push after rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari and arun jaitley together favoured him, diminishing the chances of another strong contender, general secretary j p nadda.
;;0.1027;;the leader refusing to be identified said, mlas loyal to yeddyurappa would meet here on february 8 and later lead a delegation to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari to present their memorandum.
;;0.8442;;pti photoit was a call from bjp chief amit shah to union minister nitingadkari gadkari on march 11 evening which set off a flurry of activities that culminated in the party mobilising support of a motley group of mlas who had contested against it and won.
;;0.0;;however, shah would not take 'no' for an answer and insisted that gadkari give it a try.
;;0.0;;soon, gadkari was on a flight to panaji.
;;0.4118;;what followed was a sleepless night for gadkari, a former bjp president himself, as prospective alliance partners expressed their willingness to extend support but with the rider that parrikar be made the chief minister.
;;-0.1779;;gadkari rubbishes reports of conflict of interestmumbai, feb 27, 2015, dhns: 1:44 istunion shipping and transport minister and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari, who has been embroiled in a controversy over alleged favours from the essar group, vehemently denied any wrongdoing or conflict of interest on friday.
;;0.0;;road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will inaugurate the delhi-mumbai stretch electronic toll collection (etc) facility to commuters on october 27.
;;-0.4767;;gadkari pilot held with bulletslast updated: 24 may, 2011new delhi, may 24 (dhns) 22:41 ista canadian-origin pilot of a private air charter company was on tuesday arrested at indira gandhi international airport with live cartridges in his bag, minutes before he was to fly out bjp president nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.2732;;quoting road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, the kateel said that the construction work of highways has reached 18 km a day in the last two years while it had fallen to 2 km a day during the upa regime.
;;-0.128;;nitin gadkari, when he was holding the rural development portfolio, had suggested that the mgnregs be tweaked to be restricted to certain districts to plug leakages.
;;-0.3818;;demands for gadkari's resignation disrupt rajya sabhanew delhi, may 8, 2015 (ians) 14:58 istthe rajya sabha witnessed a ruckus on friday as opposition parties led by congress demanded resignation of transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for alleged irregularities in a company owned by him.
;;0.0;;a report of the comptroller and auditor general (cag) has named gadkari as one of the promoters and/or directors of purti sakhar karkhana ltd. that was sanctioned a loan of rs. 84.
;;-0.34;;now nitingadkari gadkari has to resign, said naik.
;;-0.0772;;new delhi, apr 1, 2017, (pti) 10:49 istcongress leader digvijaya singh today sought an apology from goa cm manohar parrikar for cheating the people of the state, and asked him to thank union minister nitingadkari gadkari for aggressive mla buying, thus helping him form the government in the coastal state.
;;0.2263;;singh said parrikar should instead thank nitingadkari gadkari for doing aggressive mla buying.
;;0.2263;;if he has to thank anyone, it is nitingadkari gadkari who did aggressive mla shopping on 12th march early morning from an hotel in goa.
;;0.3182;;gadkari held upa chairperson sonia gandhi and prime minister manmohan singh responsible for the corruption, saying: the producer and director of the film on corruption are sonia gandhi and manmohan singh.
;;-0.2023;;though the bjp leader from goa is yet to resign from the defence ministry, addressing a press conference in panaji, parrikar, along with his cabinet colleague nitingadkari gadkari, made it clear that he would resign once he received a call from the goa governor to form a government.
;;0.91;;as the deal raised prospects of easing of sanctions imposed on the islamic republic by the us, european union and united nations, both new delhi and tehran are now keen to breathe fresh life into the bilateral economic engagement.
;;0.3612;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari had promised me that i would be made state president within 24 hours after i stepped down as chief minister.
;;0.0516;;bjp reaches out to jd-unew delhi, june 13, 2013, dhns: 2:23 istparty leaders tell sharad yadav not to pull out of ndasenior bjp leaders nitingadkari gadkari and mukhtar abbas naqvi on thursday met janata dal-united (jd-u) chief sharad yadav at his residence to persuade him not to pull out of the nda.
;;0.6249;;the bjp sources said gadkari called on party president rajnath singh after meeting yadav and told him that the jd-u wanted an assurance that modi would not be projected as the prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.4019;;in another dig at the government, gandhi said union minister nitingadkari gadkari is the only person in the ruling party who speaks his heart.
;;0.3612;;learning from the ins vikrant experience that triggered a campaign involving political heavyweights like nitingadkari gadkari, indian navy has now floated the idea of converting ins viraat into a floating museum.
;;0.7269;;in his long speech on the first day of the party national executive meet here, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari said our wishes would be fulfilled with the cooperation of all the communities on the issue of the construction of a ram temple.
;;0.7717;;bjp leader mungantiwar pitches for nitingadkari gadkari as maha cmmumbai, oct 21, 2014, (pti): 19:33 isteven as maharashtra bjp president devendra fadnavis is said to be in the reckoning to lead the state as first chief minister of the saffron party, his predecessor sudhir mungantiwar today came out strongly in favour of union minister and senior leader nitingadkari gadkari for the coveted post.
;;0.0;;state bjp leaders feel that nitingadkari gadkariji should come back to the state politics and take up the position of the cm of maharashtra.
;;-0.1336;;when pointed out that gadkari has already refused to give up his ministerial berth and enter state politics, mungantiwar said, we are surprised that gadkari has said that he doesn't want to be in the state.
;;0.296;;we all demand, in fact, the party here in maharashtra wants gadkari to be cm, he said.
;;0.6369;;though names of gadkari and other senior leaders like eknath khadse and vinod tawde were also doing rounds for the chief minister's post, bjp mla pankaja munde, daughter of party stalwart (late) gopinath munde, had caused a flutter saying that public sentiment was for her to occupy the coveted post.
;;0.0;;last updated: 09 october, 2011deepak k upreti, new delhi, oct 8, dhns 0:40 istthe rss, which in 2009 picked nitingadkari gadkari as the bjp's youngest ever president, has now thrown its full weight behind him enhancing his stature, and may have ensured him a second tenure at the expiry of his current tenure by 2012 end.
;;0.4019;;sources told deccan herald that the nagpur-based outfit is not averse to continue with gadkari as party president to counter-balance the internal rivalry among various leaders projecting themselves as the bjps prime ministerial candidate in the next lok sabha elections.
;;0.1531;;modis defiance of the party in not attending the national executive meeting in new delhi last month has upset the rss, which is now extending full support to gadkari to undermine modis political stature.
;;0.3612;;50 taken into custody for black flag demonstration against gadkarilast updated: 20 february, 2011bangalore, feb 20 (pti) 17:26 istover 50 activists of a kannada protagonist organisation were taken into custody when they staged a black flag demonstration against bjp president nitingadkari gadkari in protest against the party fielding an ''outsider'' to contest the march 3 rajya sabha by-poll from karnataka.
;;-0.25;;activists of karnataka rakshana vedike staged the protest in front of bengaluru international airport when gadkari arrived here to participate in a rally organised by bjp.
;;0.3252;;while nitingadkari gadkari has sought action against them, rajnath singh is believed to be of the view that dissidents should not be crushed.
;;0.6124;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari interacted with mukherjee monday night and the left parties led-by sitaram yechuri held a meeting with the finance minister on tuesday to work out a solution to the impasse.
;;0.0;;a host of national leaders including prime minister manmohan singh, aicc president sonia gandhi, aicc general secretary rahul gandhi, bjp leaders l k advani, nitingadkari gadkari, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley and narendra modi, left leaders prakash karat and a b bardhan had descended on tamil nadu during the fortnight to campaign for their party's nominees.
;;-0.0258;;however, modi did not attend the bjp national executive meeting in delhi and the reason touted was that he was upset over induction of his betenoire sanjay joshi into the executive by party president nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0772;;umashree, who shot off a letter in this regard to union minister nitingadkari gadkari on saturday, has also cited instances of friction between kannadiga road users and non-kannadiga, employees deputed by the national highways authority of india (nhai), at the tollgates.
;;0.4019;;they met party national president nitingadkari gadkari and senior leader l k advani.
;;0.0;;yeddyurappa had said he has sent the copy of the advisory to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari, seeking advice on future steps the state should take on the issue.
;;0.3612;;many bjp leaders like nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, prakash javadekar, nirmala sitharaman and piyush goyal have charge of multiple ministries.
;;0.0;;union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, m venkaiah naidu, ravishanker prasad, prakash javadekar and radhamohan singh were present on the occasion.
;;0.0;;a former bjp president and from maharashtra, gadkari ruled out the possibility of he becoming the new chief minister in the state.
;;0.0;;union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari and sushma swaraj were among those present on the occasion.
;;-0.7822;;it was union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, who first disagreed with the decision to ban uber cab services in delhi, saying such a move could not be a solution.
;;0.0412;;read: banning uber not a solution, says gadkari many on micro-blogging site also shared similar opinion over the issue, tweeting against government's decision of banning the uber services describing it as 'premature.
;;-0.0772;;gadkari takes a dig at critics of modiamid a continuing political slugfest over the beef issue, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday that he is thankful that at least the recent stampede in mecca has not been attributed to prime minister narendra modi, pti reports new delhi.
;;0.34;;while seat number 5 in the treasury benches has been kept vacant, number 6 has been allotted to surface transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;he also tagged union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in his post.
;;-0.296;;bjp national president nitingadkari gadkari had indirectly asked yeddyurappa to tender resignation owing moral responsibility.
;;0.7506;;the decision will be endorsed by the party mlas at a meeting in dehradun tomorrow,party president nitingadkari gadkari said after a four-hour long meeting with nishank and other senior party leaders.
;;0.2716;;6-trillion financing institution that will fund highway projects across the country with a 26-percent stake held by japanese companies, to achieve a target of 30 km of road-laying per day, nitingadkari gadkari, one of the most important ministers in the government of prime minister narendra modi, has said.
;;0.7964;;speaking to ians at his residence, a relaxed gadkari, who till a few years ago headed the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp), brushed aside criticisms that the targets that he had set for road construction in india were too ambitious.
;;0.0;;he met bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and senior leader arun jaitley and apprised them of the developments in karnataka and the demands of both the yeddyurappa and gowda camps.
;;0.25;;among steps that the dissidents are planning to take after the deadline include mps faxing their resignation letters to the party national president nitingadkari gadkari, 10 of its ministers submitting their resignation letters to the governor and convening a parallel legislature party meeting and declaring shettar as its leader.
;;-0.34;;the chief minister, who is scheduled to go to delhi on monday afternoon to attend the wedding reception of nitingadkari gadkaris son, is also likely to hold talks with party leaders on the political crisis back home.
;;-0.4939;;on april 17, the court had stayed prosecution of kejriwal in defamation cases filed by union minister nitingadkari gadkari and advocate surender kumar sharma.
;;0.0;;gadkari had alleged that he was defamed by the aap leader who had included his name in the party's list of india's most corrupt.
;;0.0;;rss coordination meet ends; several bjp ministers attendaurangabad, aug 23, 2015, pti: 22:32 istthe two-day long coordination camp of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) concluded here today with several union and maharashtra ministers in attendance, even as the opposition took a dig at government over the plight of farmers due to drought.
;;0.0;;according to deshpande, four union ministers, including nitingadkari gadkari, prakash javadekar and hansraj ahir and ten ministers from maharashtra, including eknath khadse, vinod tawde, girish mahajan, sudhir mungantiwar, pankaja munde, chandrkanat patil, deepak sawant, vishnu sawra and baban lonikar, were present at the rss camp.
;;0.0;;he is also likely to have meetings with chemical and fertilizer minister ananth kumar, shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and minister of state for petroleum dharmendra pradhan.
;;0.0772;;indias investment in chabahar port in iran and ways for clearing payments for crude oil indian petroleum companies imported from the islamic republic in the past years was under sanctions imposed by the united states and the european union in addition to the ones imposed by united nations.
;;0.0;;earlier, gadkari became the first minister of the modi government to visit iran and his tour saw new delhi inking a memorandum of understanding with tehran, pledging to build a container terminal and a multi-purpose cargo terminal on two berths at the chabahar port.
;;0.4767;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari has cleared the candidature of bhandari, the party said in a release here.
;;0.2732;;gadkari attends opening of new suez canalnew delhi, aug 07, 2015, dhns: 1:08 istwith egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi opening the new suez canal on thursday, india conveyed to egypt its willingness to ink a memorandum of understanding (mou) for cooperation in inland waterways and port development.
;;0.2732;;shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and his egyptian counterpart hany dahy agreed to ink the mou when they met in cairo, according to an official press release issued in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;gadkari is on a tour to egypt to represent india in the inauguration ceremony of the new suez canal.
;;0.0;;modi nominated gadkari to represent him in the event.
;;0.1779;;bharatiya janta party leaders including advani, nitingadkari gadkari, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley also held a 24 hours satyagraha at rajghat to protest against the crack down on ramdevs fast.
;;-0.0258;;making a formal announcement in new delhi on the change of guard in the state, bjp national president nitingadkari gadkari said: in view of the current political situation in karnataka, gowda has handed over his resignation to me and i accepted it.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, when gadkari made the announcement about gowdas resignation, the outgoing chief minister was not by his side.
;;0.3182;;she said she has spoken to union minister nitingadkari gadkari over the delayed nh road widening process.
;;0.4404;;those who said there was zero corruption in 2g spectrum, those who first called baba ramdev a saint and talked to him three-four times, those who talked to anna hazare 10 times, then said these people were good, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari said.
;;-0.25;;now when they (ramdev and hazare) are talking about removing corruption they are being targeted and the government is looking for ways to end their agitation, gadkari added.
;;0.4019;;bjp mlas from vidarbha region assemble outside gadkari's housenagpur, oct 21, 2014, (pti) 20:59 isteven as senior bjp leader sudhir mungantiwar is pitching for union minister nitingadkari gadkari as chief minister of maharashtra, a group of newly-elected party mlas from vidarbha region today assembled outside the residence of gadkari in mahal area of the city and raised slogans hailing his leadership.
;;0.7906;;addressing party workers, gadkari thanked people of maharashtra for giving massive mandate to bjp.
;;-0.5142;;when reporters asked him about mungantiwar demanding that he should become chief minister, gadkari refused to comment, saying he had already clarified that he did not want to return to state politics.
;;0.4019;;earlier in the day, mungantiwar, former state unit bjp chief and a member of party core committee, told reporters in mumbai that gadkari should come to state politics.
;;0.0;;state bjp leaders feel that nitingadkari gadkariji should come back to the state politics and take up the position of the cm of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;gadkari says possible in 2016new delhi, dec 20, 2015, (pti) 18:23 istwhen it's about highways, nitingadkari gadkari -- the 'flyover man from maharashtra' -- seems to know the way to take it to a new high and his latest is linking delhi with thailand for an over 4,000-km road trip in 2016.
;;0.0;;we are building 18 km a day at present from a mere 2 km a day inherited by us from previous government, said gadkari who had earlier this year set himself a target of 30 kms per day within two years.
;;0.6486;;a confident gadkari however said the government is committed to providing at least 50 lakh jobs to people in the highways and shipping sectors.
;;0.3818;;gadkari also hoped that the bill to transform india's transport sector will soon see the light of the day.
;;0.4767;;as per gadkari, other ambitious projects include a rs 4,000 crore metrino project that will connect the 70-km stretch from dhaula kuan in the national capital to manesar in haryana.
;;0.4374;;having set such ambitious targets, gadkari has also given a stern 'perform or take vrs' warning to officials sitting on files and has asked them not to become obstacles in the way of india achieving world class infrastructure.
;;0.0;;union ministers nitingadkari gadkari will be in nagpur along with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis while venkaiah naidu will be in chennai, ramvilas paswan in patna, radhamohan singh in motihari of bihar, dharmendra pradhan in bhuvaneshwar, j p nadda in hyderabad and smriti irani in shimla.
;;0.34;;speaking to mediapersons here on thursday, he said: we have shared our opinions with central leaders, including nitingadkari gadkari.
