;;-0.4767;;police said that the six arrested  rahul, deepak, satveer singh and ravindra kumar of meerut; and nitingadkari and bunti of ghaziabad, all in their 20s  were bhim army sympathisers.
;;0.2023;;nitin gadkari, 59union minister, road transport and highways(rank 2016: 20)whyhe continues to be one of the top performers in the council of ministers with the reputation of being a doer.
;;0.4019;;power punchwith the bjp eight short of the magic figure of 21 seats in the 40-member goa assembly, it was gadkari who worked the phones overtime and got mlas to side with the party, completely outsmarting the congress.
;;-0.7351;;meanwhile, union minister for road transport and highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari thursday fired a barb at the congress and the ncp by saying that the two parties only seemed to the problems of caste after losing power in the state.
;;-0.0772;;express photo/nirmal harindrancongress leader digvijaya singh saturday sought an apology from goa cm manohar parrikar for cheating the people of the state, and asked him to thank union minister nitingadkari gadkari for aggressive mla buying, thus helping him form the government in the coastal state.
;;0.2263;;singh said parrikar should instead thank nitingadkari gadkari for doing aggressive mla buying.
;;0.2263;;if he has to thank anyone, it is nitingadkari gadkari who did aggressive mla shopping on 12th march early morning from an hotel in goa.
;;0.0;;b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari union minister nitingadkari gadkariif union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has his way with high-tech entrepreneur elon musk, the american billionaires company spacex may test-run its futuristic high speed train, the hyperloop, in pune.
;;0.0;;i offered them the westerly bypass of pune connected to the express highway.
;;0.4019;;according to gadkari, a decision has been taken to have passenger terminals at all major ports to cater to cruise tourists because such tourism is bound to boost the economy.
;;0.0;;the yogi was also conspicuous by his absence from the vijay sankalp samagam sammelan held in ayodhya to mark the conclusion of the yatras on november 17,where bjp national president nitingadkari gadkari was the chief guest and almost all senior leaders from the state were present.
;;0.0;;express photo union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;bjps two national leaders nitingadkari gadkari and amit shah reiterated that there was nothing unconstitutional in the partys conduct in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister narendra modi on thursday ended his month-long vivekananda yuva vikas yatra with a rally here in the presence of bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and chhattisgarh and goa counterparts raman singh and monohar parrikar.
;;0.0;;later,speaking at the rally,gadkari congratulated modi and said,we have come to know that britain has decided to resume diplomatic relationship with gujarat.
;;-0.5267;;on february 8, union river development minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated a project that aims to assuage their hurt feelings.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, shah chose to come to the city two days after the 61st birthday programme of union minister nitingadkari gadkari where he was one of the invitees.
;;0.0;;hanamanthappas brother shankar gowda too was present on the occasion where wife of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, kanchan presented a cheque of rs 1 lakh to the jawans family.
;;0.8957;;but when a meeting of senior party leaders lasted longer than expected, there were clear signs that it was not exactly going the way of nitingadkari patel supporters.
;;0.0;;others at the meeting included anandiben, rupani, nitingadkari patel, parshottam rupala, surendra patel, mansukh mandaviya, saurabh patel, bhupendrasinh chudasama.
;;0.0;;neither anandiben nor nitingadkari patel said anything during the press conference.
;;0.25;;an mla who was a minister in the anandiben government said: nitingadkari gadkariji gave only two names, that of rupani as cm and nitinbhai as deputy cm, and we endorsed it.
;;-0.0772;;the recent statement of union minister nitingadkari gadkari where he suggested sky bus as the solution to all traffic needs of city once again exposed the classic lack of thinking and callousness on part of the bjp leadership when it comes to addressing the core issues our city faces today, boota said, adding that gadkari and kher were speaking in different tones.
;;0.4549;;so had party president nitingadkari gadkari when he had visited hamirpur,mauranipur and jhansi,all of which are in bundelkhand.
;;0.0;;modi,who is here to attend the bjp parliamentary board meeting ahead of the partys national executive meeting in goa on june 8 and 9,also met former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari at his residence.
;;0.0;;now heading to meet nitingadkari gadkariji, modi said on twitter after his 40-minute meeting with advani.
;;0.2255;;gadkari stated that introduction of the double-decker sky buses will provide more ease of travel to daily commuters in chandigarh and this will not only reduce the mounting pollution but will also represent affordability for citizens.
;;0.7964;;earlier, while welcoming gadkari, city unit president sanjay tandon thanked his ministry for granting tribune flyover and said they except more flyovers in the city in near future.
;;0.4215;;while recounting her achievements, mp kher termed gadkari an instant decision maker which strengthened the citys connectivity with other states.
;;0.4019;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari ontoday dubbed the congress as a mother and son party,where the post of party chief is reserved only for a member of the gandhi family.
;;0.0;;according to gadkari, prime minister narendra modi will lay the foundation stone of the project and land.
;;-0.296;;the project highway serves as a new formation of the missing link at nh-131a to nh-133b connecting sahibganj in jharkhand and manihari in bihar.
;;-0.6124;;vijayan alleged that bjp state president p s sreedharan pillai had written to union minister nitingadkari gadkari last year, demanding that the notification for land acquisition be suspended.
;;0.0;;the letter was sent to gadkari in september 2018.
;;-0.743;;advertisingthe corporators met union minister nitingadkari gadkari, who was in the city on sunday, and complained about the conduct of barne, accusing him of making personal attacks on prime minister narendra modi and other senior bjp leaders.
;;-0.5859;;the bjp corporators, including eknath pawar, former deputy mayor shailaja more, eknath dhake and shital shinde, submitted a memorandum to gadkari, complaining that barne had been attacking modi, chief minister devendra fadnavis, and others, and therefore, they were completely opposed to his candidature.
;;0.4019;;jagtap claimed he had nothing to do with the memorandum submitted by his party corporators to gadkari.
;;-0.3089;;i cant help if they think i am behind the move to approach gadkari.
;;0.25;;oberois tweet came shortly after union minister nitingadkari gadkari released the poster of upcoming movie pm narendra modi in which the 42-year-old actor plays the lead role.
;;0.5106;;late saturday evening, some ministers held discussions with union minister nitingadkari gadkari to elicit his views on the matter in the wake of the growing perception that he is promoting ranes case in the bjp.
;;0.0;;b'union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, centre.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, centre.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey)union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday, said nearly 800 black spots (accident zones) identified on national highways across the country, will be soon fixed to bring down road mishaps.
;;0.2263;;b'at a time when the party is making corruption a major issue,bjp president nitingadkari gadkari on saturday gave signals suggesting that controversial karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa is still not out of the woods.
;;0.3612;;though gadkari did not name yeddyurappa in his presidential address here today,his remarks at the national executive that members should follow the high moral standards set by leaders like atal bihari vajpayee and l k advani was a signal enough.
;;0.8942;;gadkari had feebly defended the beleaguered chief minister,saying his actions may be immoral but not illegal while senior leader l k advani had maintained that the party central leadership was dealing with the issue and was confident it will deal with it.
;;0.0;;on thursday, partys national president nitingadkari gadkari announced that uma bharti will lead the partys up bachao-bjp lao campaign,beginning on december 1 in all 400 assembly constituencies in the state.
;;0.4019;;later,gadkari stated the bjp is contesting the election under the joint leadership of rajnath singh,uma bharti,kalraj mishra and state party president surya pratap shahi.
;;0.0;;first,gadkari put uma at par with them by announcing that elections will be contested under the joint leadership of the four leaders.
;;0.5106;;after gadkari named uma among the top four leaders,it was only natural to name her as the head of these campaigns.
;;-0.3612;;they are planning to meet union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday to make him aware of their grievances.
;;0.128;;singh said bjp president nitingadkari gadkari too had sent him a legal notice,to which he had not replied.
;;0.0;;the notice was sent to singh last year for his allegations of corruption against gadkari.
;;0.6705;;he alleged that gadkari had amassed huge wealth in a short span of time and his antecedents should be checked.
;;0.4019;;b'irked by balbir punjs comment that bjp has not outsourced responsibility of defining who is secular,jd(u) president sharad yadav today asked his bjp counterpart nitingadkari gadkari to restrain such members in his party when a ceasefire has been drawn on the issue.
;;0.0;;i have talked to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.5423;;bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan of madhya pradesh, raman singh of chhattisgarh vasundhara raje of rajasthan, manohar parrikar of goa and anandiben patel of gujarat will also campaign in haryana and maharashtra, besides party chief amit shah and a host of other top leaders, including union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
;;0.2263;;the aap has decided to challenge the erroneous order of the learned metropolitan magistrate, who sent kejriwal to judicial custody in the tihar jail despite the fact that he was ready to give an undertaking to ensure his presence on all dates of hearing in the case of criminal defamation filed by the former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari against him, the party said in a statement.
;;0.0;;the decisions by (former telecom minister) a raja and other ministers,were taken with the permission of the union cabinet and the prime minister some where or the other during the processso who is rajas godfather and who all were involved should be revealed to the nation which is the right of the people, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari told reporters.
;;0.6369;;steel minister beni prasad verma on tuesday took a dig at bjp and its chief nitingadkari gadkari,saying the president is just like the party.
;;0.0;;media reports have raised questions over the source of funds for purti power and sugar ltd controlled by gadkari.
;;0.7964;;media investigations claim that major investments and large loans to purti were made by a construction firm ideal road builders (irb) group,which had won contracts between 1995 and 1999,when gadkari was pwd minister in maharashtra.
;;-0.4404;;gadkari has denied the allegations and offered himself and his companies to any probe.
;;-0.5994;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo) union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday cited criticism the bjp faces for inducting criminals into the party and said that entry of such people only changes them.
;;0.4404;;(source: file) nitingadkari gadkari said, fluorescent markings would be done to make driving safe during night.
;;0.0;;the minister said greening of highways are being done under green highways project and he planned developing mumbai to goa route via sagari mahamarg on the pattern of coastal highway between san franscisco and los angeles.
;;0.3612;;the minister said the coastal highway in the us gave a view of the sea where driving was a pleasure and commuters could stop besides sea.
;;-0.7845;;orissa is suffering under the ineffective and corrupt bjd government which has failed on all fronts, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari told reporters.
;;-0.3182;;accusing the naveen patnaik government of violating laws to favour private companies,gadkari alleged that crores of rupees were misappropriated during the bjd rule in the name of providing roads and drinking water in the poverty-stricken kbk region.
;;0.3612;;gadkari alleged that corruption in states like orissa and assam needs to be highlighted at the national level.
;;0.4215;;a two-time bjp mla from banjar,khimi ram was elected as party president last year on the intervention of bjp president nitingadkari gadkari after the state leadership was unable to reach a consensus on any candidate.
;;0.6597;;the party has also decided not to respond to the statement of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, who had said it was time the two parties came together.
;;-0.1027;;the chief minister and other individuals around him, who believe themselves to be leaders, should pay heed to what gadkariji is saying.
;;0.6597;;b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari urged party workers to work for the party and not for posts in the recently concluded maharashtra bjp meeting.
;;0.6597;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari urged party workers to work for the party and not for posts in the recently concluded maharashtra bjp meeting.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari today took potshots at the style of functioning of overenthusiastic personal assistants (pas) of ministers, saying sometimes the kettle is hotter than the tea.
;;0.4404;;in a light-hearted banter, gadkari cited an incident when his pa directed a railway station master to ensure that the train in which he was travelling enters platform number 1, adjacent to the exit.
;;-0.5023;;but if this cap (his quip about pas) fits somebody, consider it as a coincidence, he said, as former maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse, who had resigned in the wake of charges against him that included an alleged bribe taken by his pa, shared the dais with gadkari.
;;0.0;;gadkari showed the way by becoming the first minister to take the beacon off his official vehicle after the cabinet meeting, chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.296;;they have no relevance whatsoever, gadkari reasoned.
;;-0.25;;according to gadkari, this is start of a healthy culture and tradition as blaring of sirens and blazing of beacons used to anger the masses.
;;0.0;;union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, smriti irani and prakash javadekar and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis are expected to attend.
;;-0.5423;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari had, at the launch of the structural rating platform, admitted that the poor condition of bridges hampers efficient transport and has also led to accidents and loss of lives on several occasions.
;;0.2732;;many cabinet ministers, such as transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, as well as maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, have already removed red beacons from their official cars.
;;-0.8126;;the union road transport minister, who had owned up responsibility for the august 2 tragedy, rued people are dying on the mumbai-goa national highway due to troubles with land acquisition, environmental clearances and shifting of encroachers.
;;0.2263;;gadkari said his ministry has prepared a rs 12,000 crore plan for four-laning the busy highway and announced that full concrete road will be completed by 2018.
;;0.0;;the minister announced that work on the over 320 km vadodara-mumbai express highway, which will be constructed at a cost of over rs 42,000 crore, will commence from january 1 next year.
;;0.6249;;after drawing flak for denying tickets to party veterans including advani and murli manohar joshi, the bjp saturday also ensured that former party presidents rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari were on stage to signal shahs political significance in the bjp.
;;-0.3252;;this statement is nothing but a joke, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari told reporters here.
;;-0.2263;;coming down on the upa government for not revealing the names of indians who had parked black money in banks overseas,gadkari demanded to know why it was hesistant to do so.
;;-0.4404;;gadkari dismissed as an eyewash,the visit of foreign secretary nirupama rao to sri lanka tomorrow to discuss with the island government the issue of attacks on indian fishermen allegedly by its navy.
;;0.2144;;gadkari pointed out that his party initially had just two mlas in karnataka but was now in power there.
;;0.4939;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari launched the teleconferencing facility at the party headquarters here when he held discussions with nine state unit offices simultaneously.
;;-0.5423;;gadkari rubbished apprehensions that this may lead to the bjp leaders losing touch with the workers on the ground.
;;-0.7269;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today said the arrest of former telecom minister a raja was not enough and asked the government to find out who his godfather is in the 2g spectrum scam.
;;-0.5574;;raking up the issue of indian black money stashed abroad,gadkari appealed to congress president sonia gandhi to ask the upa government to make public the list of those having illegal bank accounts abroad.
;;0.0;;b'union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and maneka gandhi with rajasthan transport minister yunus khan at the launch of mahila gaurav bus service at bikaner house in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prem nath pandey) union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and maneka gandhi with rajasthan transport minister yunus khan at the launch of mahila gaurav bus service at bikaner house in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.128;;the statement came at an event at bikaner house in delhi where gadkari launched 20 such rajasthan government buses.
;;0.0;;besides gadkari, women and child development minister maneka gandhi and rajasthan transport minister yunus khan were present at the launch event.
;;0.5719;;the vision document that party president nitingadkari gadkari is releasing on monday reportedly contains glowing references to bihar.
;;-0.4019;;(file)gopal dass and his family, including his eight-month-old son nitingadkari , were sleeping on the verandah of their house in jammu and kashmirs battal village on sunday as usual when they woke up to sharp cries of the infant.
;;0.0;;thinking that nitingadkari may have wet the bed, dasss wife tried to change the childs diapers only to find it was soaked in blood.
;;-0.6908;;when we returned home, we found a bullet lying underneath the bed on which nitingadkari was sleeping, a shocked dass said.
;;-0.7783;;as per an fir, nitingadkari died after he was hit by a bullet during a ceasefire violation by pakistan in akhnoor near the line of control.
;;0.0;;according to the bbc, lakdawala has also performed weight reduction surgeries on union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and venkaiah naidu.
;;0.2023;;discussed gujarat cm with nitish,will keep him in loopdismissing reports of a split in the nda on the issue of its prime ministerial candidate,bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today said narendra modi is one among the six bjp leaders who could be projected for the top political post and that any decision would be taken only after consulting bihar chief minister nitish kumar who is a key ally.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari will this evening inaugurate a two-day long state executive meeting of the maharashtra unit of bjp in pimpri chinchwad area near here.
;;0.0;;they said gadkari will inaugurate the meeting at the ramkrishna more auditorium at 4 pm.
;;0.5106;;nirupam has alleged that the state favoured patanjali and flouted all tender and legal norms to allot the plot to ramdev at the instance of union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;the concession was made at the instance of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, also the guardian minister of nagpur, states the plea.
;;0.0;;bjp did not make an issue of the seating arrangements made for bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and rajnath singh during upa regime in 2013 and 2014.
;;0.6705;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari,who has completed one year at the party helm,is expected to utilise the opportunity to devise the strategy ahead in consultation with leaders of the opposition sushma swaraj in lok sabha and arun jaitley in rajya sabha,under the guidance of senior leader l k advani.
;;0.4019;;gadkari also plans to take up organisational issues with state unit presidents of the party.
;;-0.2263;;advertisingduring a meeting with union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari, punjab minister for rural development and panchayats tripat rajinder singh bajwa and water resources minister sukhbinder singh sarkaria told him that with the construction of this dam about 600 cusecs of river water flowing to pakistan could be stopped and the state would be able to use this water for irrigation purposes.
;;0.8779;;a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni was hearing a petition filed by mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam alleging that the maharashtra government favoured patanjali and flouted all tender and legal norms to allot the said land to ramdev at the instance of union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.4588;;after the bjps 2009 defeat, nitingadkari gadkari was anointed largely by the rss, which wanted the nagpur boy.
;;0.0;;click here for more election newsaddressing a rally in nagpur, from where union minister nitingadkari gadkari is seeking re-election, shah said: aur yeh rahul baba apne gathbandhan ke liye, keral ke andar aisi seat par jaakar khade juloos nikalta hai toh bharat hai ya pakistan ka juloos hai.
;;-0.5423;;b'dubbing the 2-g spectrum issue as the mother of all scams,bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today warned that the governments stubborn and confrontationist approach to the legitimate demand for a jpc probe will cost it dearly.
;;0.0;;nobody knows why this has not happened, gadkari wondered.
;;0.0;;incidentally,gadkari did not say anything on allegations of corruption levelled against the bjp government in karnataka,whose chief minister b s yeddyurappa was present on the occasion.
;;0.6597;;(source: pti) nitingadkari gadhkari told workers that the party has a collective goal which requires efforts from each ordinary party worker.
;;0.7184;;(source: pti)with former maharashtra minister eknath khadse and bjp state chief raosaheb danve in attendance, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday asked party workers not to hanker after ministerial positions and said senior functionary should demonstrate ethical conduct.
;;0.6249;;addressing the concluding session of the two-day meeting of bjps maharashtra state executive here, gadkari appealed to the party workers to devote themselves to organisational work and the national cause.
;;-0.25;;watch video: whats making newsthose seated on the dais as gadkari spoke included former state revenue minister eknath khadse, who recently resigned in the wake of allegations of wrongdoings, and state bjp president raosaheb danve.
;;0.0;;haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar has requested union minister nitingadkari gadkari for construction of an interchange facility at eastern peripheral expressway (epe) for the palwal-aligarh road.
;;0.0772;;he also requested gadkari to issue necessary directions to the national highways authority of india (nhai) in this regard.
;;0.8176;;the prize for the best dressed mp goes to union minister nitingadkari gadkari, very colourful in his tweed coat and purple (?
;;0.7227;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo) union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)with china seeking to position itself as the new leader of global economy in place of the us, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said india also needs to grab this opportunity as the world is looking at it with high hopes and it would need to further fast-track the decision making process.
;;0.4019;;the bharatiya janata party (bjp) said gadkari will call on mehbooba mufti at the late chief ministers fairview residence on gupkar road on sunday.
;;0.4019;;gadkariji will also meet state party leaders to discuss the formation of a new government in the state, bjp state spokesperson khalid jahangir told ians.
;;-0.8979;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari,who is on a five-day visit to china,today condemned the centres attempt to stop his partys ekta yatra as repressive and warned that such an approach would lead to increase in terrorism in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.3818;;gadkari,who is visiting guangzhou today,also spoke by phone to bharatiya janata yuva morcha (bjym) chief anurag thakur who is leading the yatra,and enquired about the obstacles being raised by the centre and state government in the onward march to jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.8402;;gadkari warned that the repressive step to stop his partys yatra would lead to increase in terrorism in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;gadkari had flagged off the yatra from kolkata on january 12,which is now about to enter jammu on way to srinagar.
;;0.0;;bjp will not compromise at all and this tiranga yatra was aimed at just that, gadkari underlined.
;;-0.1531;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today led a delegation to rashtrapati bhawan to hand over to patil a memorandum on the issue as also a copy of partys report on scams in the north east.
;;0.0;;in the state executive meeting held recently,national bjp president nitingadkari gadkari had told leaders that before the names of the candidates are announced,their can be claimants to the tickets,but once names are announced,everyone has to fall in line.
;;0.0;;b'an mou was signed by union minister nitingadkari gadkari and kim young suk, minister of ocean and fisheries, korea, on wednesday in mumbai.
;;0.0;;amit chakravarty an mou was signed by union minister nitingadkari gadkari and kim young suk, minister of ocean and fisheries, korea, on wednesday in mumbai.
;;-0.4404;;(express photo: tashi tobgyal)when the bsp denied his son nitingadkari a ticket in the assembly elections, he returned to the sp in 2011.
;;0.0;;in the 2012 assembly elections, agrawal passed on his legacy to his son nitingadkari , who was elected mla from the same seat and was even made a minister under former chief minister akhilesh yadav.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) union minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.5267;;(source: pti)the bjp led by union minister nitingadkari gadkari notched up a two-third majority in the 151-member nagpur municipal corporation elections by winning a massive 108 seats.
;;0.0;;talking to mediapersons, gadkari described the bjps victory as unprecedented and historic.
;;0.1027;;the leader refusing to be identified said,mlas loyal to yeddyurappa would meet here on february 8 and later lead a delegation to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari to present their memorandum.
;;0.6808;;a day after the end of the budget session of the parliament, the road safety network has written to the union minister of road transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari to issue an ordinance on road safety.
;;0.4019;;party president nitingadkari gadkari was scheduled to address it and was also expected to announce his candidature.
;;0.0;;but gadkari skipped the programme and,instead,sent mukhtar abbas naqvi and vinay katiyar.
;;0.2732;;another group made a similar attempt to create ruckus at harmu maidan, where union minister nitingadkari gadkari had on thursday inaugurated the modi fest with bjp workers putting up stalls displaying bhim app and highlighting other programmes.
;;-0.352;;on the other hand, several bjp mps from across the country, including union minister nitingadkari gadkari, have supported the anti-padmaavat protesters who have, ever since the film was being shot, behaved in the most aggressive and violent ways.
;;0.0;;even before the cabinet reshuffle, modi had felt that it made sense for shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari, who looks after navigation, dredging and inland waterways, to oversee the ganga project.
;;0.2716;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo) union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said that social changes are more important than change of power to transform the society.
;;0.0;;union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, j p nadda and prakash javadekar were among the key leaders from the bjp at the meeting.
;;0.5267;;b'an image of a 3d painting as a virtual speed breaker tweeted by union minister nitingadkari gadkari (photo courtesy: twitter) an image of a 3d painting as a virtual speed breaker tweeted by union minister nitingadkari gadkari (photo courtesy: twitter)to check rash driving, the government is considering putting up three-dimensional (3d) paintings on major highways and busy roads to create virtual speed breakers, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said tuesday.
;;0.0;;bbjp president nitingadkari gadkari taunted prime minister manmohan singh for his remark he was not as big a culprit as being made out to be and asked him 1how much percentage of culprit are you ?
;;-0.743;;gadkari also accused the congress of shying away from taking action on black money stashed in foreign banks for fear that it would blacken the faces of its leaders.
;;0.0;;express photo union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.25;;express photoa day after prime minister narendra modi inaugurated the new cable bridge over the narmada in bharuch, senior congress leader and rajya sabha mp ahmed patel on wednesday shot a letter to union minister for road transport and highways & shipping nitingadkari gadkari, pointing out to a brazen attempt to mislead the people of gujarat, and urging gadkari to set the record straight in the matter.
;;-0.4767;;patels letter refers to an earlier sequence of correspondence with gadkari regarding the facts of the bridge and says, i have always held you in high esteem and hence, i am disappointed by your altering of facts to suit a political agenda.
;;0.6808;;last year, union minister of water resources nitingadkari gadkari said that the government would try to ensure a 70 to 80 per cent improvement in the gangas water quality by march 2019.
;;0.4404;;agrawal also said his son and sp mla in up, nitingadkari , would vote in favour of the bjp in the rajya sabha elections.
;;0.0;;in order to send two candidates, the combine needs 74 votes and the sp has 47 including agrawals mla son nitingadkari , the bsp has 19 and the congress has seven.
;;0.6808;;but even if the rlds single mla votes for their candidate, the two candidates will find it hard to win if nitingadkari votes against them.
;;-0.2732;;b'nitin gadkari rubbished the charges of corruption and said singhs allegations were completely false as the ministry followed a transparent e-tender system.
;;-0.2732;;nitin gadkari rubbished the charges of corruption and said singhs allegations were completely false as the ministry followed a transparent e-tender system.
;;0.5574;;congress today demanded the immediate sacking of union minister nitingadkari gadkari alleging that the awarding of the rs 10,050 crore zozila pass tunnel contract to irb infrastructure developers ltd was a clear case of corruption at the highest level.
;;0.5994;;party general secretary digvijay singh told reporters at party headquarters that gadkari, heading the road transport and highways ministry, has allegedly violated the cvc guidelines while awarding the contract.
;;-0.2732;;however, gadkari rubbished the charges of corruption and said singhs allegations were completely false as theministry followed a transparent e-tender system.
;;0.1027;;singh alleged that gadkari had business dealings with dattatreya mhaiskar, head of irb, which had shares in the controversial purti group floated by the minister.
;;0.0;;lok sabha elections 2019: polling schedule, results date, constituency-wise results, how to check live counting of votesaddressing the rally in nagpur, from where union minister nitingadkari gadkari is seeking re-election, shah had said: aur yeh rahul baba apne gathbandhan ke liye, keral ke andar aisi seat par jaakar khade juloos nikalta hai toh bharat hai ya pakistan ka juloos hai.
;;0.0258;;while the bjp camp is yet to formally reach out to thackeray, union minister nitingadkari gadkari pushed for an alliance.
;;-0.4215;;b'when gadkari laid the foundation stone for the bridges, i broke my vow and shaved after three years, said varik whose beard was almost touching his belly.
;;-0.4215;;when gadkari laid the foundation stone for the bridges, i broke my vow and shaved after three years, said varik whose beard was almost touching his belly.
;;0.0258;;a staunch bjp supporter, mahesh varik ended his protest after union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stones recently.
;;0.1027;;on january 2 at the foundation laying ceremony of the bridges near here defence minister manohar parrikar in presence of gadkari had announced, the foundation stone is laid.
;;-0.25;;south goa member of parliament narendra sawaikar had also referred varik and his protest during his short speech before gadkari unveiled the plank of the foundation stone.
;;-0.4215;;when gadkari laid the foundation stone for the bridges, i broke my vow and shaved after three years, said varik whose beard was almost touching his belly.
;;0.0;;gadkari had laid foundation stone for 7.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister manohar lal look at a model of the bypass at pinjore on monday.
;;0.0;;jaipal singh union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister manohar lal look at a model of the bypass at pinjore on monday.
;;0.0;;jaipal singhunion minister for road, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on monday laid the foundation stone of four-lane pinjore bypass surajpur-sukhomajri project from national highway-22 to nh-21a linking himachals industrial town of baddi.
;;0.0;;three underpasses on nh-10  bahadurgarh-baldi road, balour mod and rohtak chowk  and two underpasses on nh-71  dujana and silani chowk on panchkula-yamunanagar highway  will be made.
;;0.4019;;gadkari urged the state government to help in land acquisition for delhi-yamunanagar expressway that will link haryana, uttarakhand, himachal pradesh and chandigarh.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari with senior editor liz mathew at the indian express office.
;;0.0;;abhinav saha union minister nitingadkari gadkari with senior editor liz mathew at the indian express office.
;;0.2023;;abhinav sahaone of the top performing ministers in the narendra modi government, nitingadkari gadkari has done notable work in road construction as the minister for road transport and highways.
;;0.4939;;inspired in his early life by the rss, gadkari entered politics as a student leader of the abvpliz mathew: what do you plan to focus on in 2018?
;;0.0;;some people also say that nitingadkari gadkari is perhaps the only autonomous minister in this government.
;;0.0;;rakesh sinha: why is the national highway till raxaul (bihar)-birgunj (nepal) border not complete?
;;0.0;;the prime minister of sri lanka had said that ram had hanuman who built the ram setu to sri lanka, and now there is nitingadkari gadkari, the new hanuman, who has come to sri lanka and is building roads.
;;-0.3612;;later, gadkari had written to the cm saying that a probe would have an adverse impact on the morale of the officers.
;;0.0;;also read: haryanas fix for delhis air: bs-iv vehicles only; javadekar asks other states to followrepresentatives of the aimtc met transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday.
;;-0.296;;the government identified six projects in punjab which could stop the flow of water to pakistan, said union minister nitingadkari gadkari, here, on wednesday.
;;0.4404;;gadkari was addressing a rally in favour of sad-bjp candidate, professor prem singh chandumajra, who is contesting parliamentary elections from anandpur sahib.
;;0.0;;the 67 km road stretch was inaugurated last year, gadkari added.
;;0.4019;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari said that firebrand hindutva leader uma bharti is unlikely to return to the party in the near future.
;;0.4019;;b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari union minister nitingadkari gadkariunion minister nitingadkari gadkari, sought cooperation from all political parties for the crucial motor vehicle (amendment) bill 2016 which was introduced in parliament on tuesday.
;;0.2732;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari on friday said he has discussed the issue of nda prime ministerial candidate with ally and bihar chief minister nitish kumar and assured him that no decision has yet been taken on narendra modi being the partys choice for the top post.
;;0.1531;;however,gadkari indicated kumar and his party jd(u) are not likely to go with congress when he said the bihar chief minister is a follower of ram manohar lohia,a staunch critic of congress.
;;-0.7717;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari,who has been blamed for leaving the rss in the lurch when the congress party launched its anti-hindu terror and saffron terror campaigns,has said the pracharaks were always soft on the congress.
;;-0.296;;far from going on the backfoot about not defending the rss reputation from being besmirched,gadkari prodded the rss on the mistakes it was committing.
;;-0.34;;releasing the book here,gadkari initially extolled the rss functioning and said it was often misunderstood as rss does not approach the media on its own and rarely goes out of its way to explain its actions.
;;0.5927;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday said the exit polls are not the final decision but indicate that the nda will once again come to power riding on the good work done by the narendra modi-led government.
;;0.0;;speaking at the rally,bjp president nitingadkari gadkari claimed he had some swiss bank account numbers which were related to the bofors case.
;;0.0;;45 am: union minister nitingadkari gadkari takes a dig at the aap.
;;0.4404;;agrawal also said his son and sp mla in up, nitingadkari , would vote in favour of the bjp in the rajya sabha elections.
;;0.0;;in order to send two candidates, the combine needs 74 votes and the sp has 47 including agrawals mla son nitingadkari , the bsp has 19 and the congress has seven.
;;0.6808;;but even if the rlds single mla votes for their candidate, the two candidates will find it hard to win if nitingadkari votes against them.
;;0.2732;;also read: amid cabinet reshuffle buzz, fadnavis, gadkari meet bhagwatinterestingly, in nagpur, the headquarters of the rss, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis as well as union minister nitingadkari gadkari separately met with organisation chief mohan bhagwat.
;;0.4588;;advertisingthe awards were presented by nitingadkari gadkari, union minister for road transport and water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation.
;;0.0772;;for the past several months,somaiya had been busy digging up dirt against chief minister mayawati and her government,a task for which party president nitingadkari gadkari had handpicked him.
;;0.0772;;now,kushwaha has requested gadkari to keep his bjp membership in abeyance until he clears his name in the nrhm scam,but somaiya is yet to be seen,or heard.
;;0.0;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari told reporters.
;;-0.5106;;gadkari alleged the prime minister had failed to check corruption in his government and was trying to indirectly shield former telecom minister a raja.
;;0.0;;and we have decided to implement 63 clauses (of the act) from september 1, minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari told reporters here.
;;0.0;;one of the leaders will replace union minister nitingadkari gadkari  who was incharge for delhi in the last polls.
;;0.5267;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today congratulated gujarat chief minister narendra modi for the record investment in his state during the recent vibrant gujarat programme.
;;0.0;;gadkari also lauded modi for making the state a role model of development for the country.
;;0.9509;;nitin gadkari has hailed the vibrant gujarat conclave as a phenomenal achievement and congratulated chief minister narendra modi for his wonderful performance in scaling new heights in economic growth and successfully attracting record investment to the state, bjp said in a statement.
;;0.4215;;gadkari sent a congratulatory letter to modi after the state reportedly attracted a record rs 20.
;;0.2263;;(source: file)as uttar pradesh gears up for assembly polls next year, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday announced that road projects worth rs two lakh crore will be undertaken in the state in next two years.
;;-0.0516;;the minister also laid foundation in varanasi of three projects  rs 806 crore varanasi-jaunpur stretch on national highway no 56, rs 785 crore varanasi-ajamgarh stretch on national highway no 233 and varanasi-gazipur stretch on nh 29.
;;0.0;;union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, j p nadda and prakash javadekar were among the bjp leaders at the meeting.
;;0.0772;;gadkari also praised malhotra and harsh vardhan for their leadership.
;;0.5423;;rajnath singh,in this backdrop,was learnt to have entrusted gadkari and senior party leader arun jaitley to discuss the issue of the chief ministerial candidate.
;;0.5994;;he went on to add that bjp president nitingadkari gadkari was dealing with the issue and hoped that some solution would emerge soon.
;;0.3818;;asked whether he was feeling slighted that he had not been given any responsible post in the party,the shotgun remarked,i have no complaint or expectation although i have not been given any post despite gadkari being a family friend.
;;0.128;;some days before former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari had gone to meet raj thackeray whose party mns has been humiliating hindi-speaking populace.
