;;-0.4576;;citing bjp state president p s sreedharan pillais letter to union minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari, vijayan said, it was really shocking he [pillai] sent such a letter to union minister [nitin] gadkari when the state was going ahead with land acquisition process with full steam.
;;0.5423;;with just ten days left for polling, bjp president amit shah and partys other top leaders, including union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and nitingadkari gadkari, are also expected to campaign for the party nominees in coming days, state bjp spokesperson krishna saagar rao told pti sunday.
;;0.0;;the candidates include union ministers nitingadkari gadkari (nagpur) and hansraj ahir (chandrapur), krupal tumane (ramtek), ramdas tadas (wardha), ashok nete (gadchiroli), bhavana gawali (yavatmal-washim), anand adsul (amravati), sanjay dhotre (akola), sunil mendhe (bhandara-gondia) and pratap jadhao (buldhana).
;;0.0;;besides his appointment with prime minister modi to discuss his companys model, gresta is expected to meet transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and railway minister suresh prabhu on tuesday.
;;0.0;;he then punched his other team members nitingadkari gadkari and arun jaitley.
;;0.8625;;amid speculation of senior congress leader narayan rane joining the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the latter and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari praised each other at an event organised to celebrate ranes 65th birthday on sunday.
;;0.4404;;rane termed his friendship with gadkari as holy and said he owed everything to late shiv sena president bal thackeray.
;;0.7506;;gadkari, on the other hand, praised rane for being a self-made man.
;;0.6249;;gadkari and i share a holy friendship.
;;0.4019;;despite being in rival parties, gadkari attended my birth anniversary function.
;;0.2023;;only he can observe such friendship by putting his position at risk, rane said, indicating that gadkari attended the event despite his position as the union surface transport minister.
;;0.7717;;i still hesitate while chatting with other opposition leaders, but that is not the case with gadkari, the former chief minister added, expressing the strong bond both leaders share.
;;0.0;;gadkari also lauded the senior congress leader wholeheartedly.
;;0.631;;gadkari added that people change after switching sides, but narayan rane continues to respect shiv sena founder bal thackeray.
;;0.0;;ninety-one lok sabha constituencies spread across 18 states and two uts, including all in andhra pradesh and telangana, will go to polls on thursday in the first-phase, with nitingadkari gadkari, kiren rijiju and vk singh among several union ministers in the fray.
;;-0.3818;;seven lok sabha seats in maharashtra will go to polls, with union minister nitingadkari gadkari locked in a battle with congresss nana patole, a former bjp mp.
;;0.128;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari compared goas politics known for its party hopping to the unstable marriages of the western world as he lamented the desire of local politicians to constantly seek greener pastures.
;;0.1779;;addressing a rally in state capital panaji which goes to polls on may 19 to elect an mla to replace former chief minister manohar parrikar who passed away earlier this year, gadkari admitted that the fickle nature of goas politics made governing the state a challenge.
;;0.6623;;gadkari who himself played a crucial role in bringing together a coalition despite the bjp winning only 13 seats in the 40 member goa assembly, at the 2017 general assembly elections, also was at hand to ensure that the precarious coalition did not fall apart after chief minister manohar parrikar passed away.
;;-0.4657;;gadkari expressed disappointment that velingkar was contesting but said that he has not lost respect for him.
;;-0.4939;;also read | lok sabha elections 2019: high-stakes battle for naidu, reddy in andhramaharashtranagpurin the ring: road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari against congress leader nana patole, a bjp rebel.
;;0.5719;;2014 result: in 2014, nitingadkari gadkari (bjp) won with a margin of 2,84,848 voteswardhain the ring: bjps ramdas tadas and congress candidate charulata tokasquick take: tokas is the daughter of former state congress chief prabha rao, who was mp from here in 1999.
;;-0.1779;;quick take: gogoi is facing challenge from mahanta, who resigned as vice-president of all assam students union and joined agp.
;;0.0;;the cms visit to the dera comes around three weeks after the union minister nitingadkari gadkari met the dera head.
;;0.6597;;rahul gandhis first rally will be for party candidate nana patole, who is facing bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in nagpur constituency.
;;-0.4767;;built at an altitude of 1,200 metres, the tunnel bypasses a dangerous hilly terrain of more than 30km of the strategic jammu-srinagar national highway  the sole surface link that connects kashmir valley with the rest of india.
;;0.4215;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari and actor vivek oberoi on monday launched a fresh poster of pm narendra modi, a biopic on the prime minister, ahead of its release later this week.
;;0.7351;;other top leaders of the party, including party president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari, union minister of state general (retd) vk singh, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, and hema malini would also come to jharkhand for campaigning, he said.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/azs3h8j1fi  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20175:15 pm: union ministers jitendra singh, nitingadkari gadkari addresses rally.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/b5tyl1uwsx  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20173:50 pm: pm modi, accompanied by union minister nitingadkari gadkari, state chief minister mehbooba mufti among others, inspects the facilities inside the tunnel.
;;0.0;;3:40 pm: pm narendra modi inaugurates chenani-nashri tunnel in the jammu-srinagar highway.
;;0.802;;in a last-ditch attempt to woo voters from the mumbai port trust (mbpt) area, presently facing eviction in light of the eastern waterfront revamp plan, union minister for shipping and water resources, nitingadkari gadkari on saturday promised tenants that they will not be evicted without an alternate plan for housing them in-situ (in the original place).
;;0.0;;gadkari made the comments at a shiv sena rally while campaigning for the senas candidate for the mumbai south constituency, arvind sawant.
;;0.0387;;gadkari also promised businessmen who are tenants of the mbpt area that a separate piece of land within this area in mumbai can be reserved for their businesses, but they may have to pay a subsidised amount to the government to use this land.
;;0.0;;gadkari faints during poll campaignlater in the day, gadkari fainted on stage during an election rally near shirdi.
;;-0.3818;;sudhir deulgaonkar, gadkaris personal secretary, said, he felt uneasy because of the scorching sun.
;;0.0;;chenani-nashri tunnel, indias longest highway tunnel, on the jammu-srinagar national highway, was inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi on sunday.
;;0.0;;it is part of a 286-km-long four-lane project on the jammu-srinagar highway.
;;0.872;;from bharatiya janata party (bjp) ministers like nitingadkari gadkari, vk singh, mahesh sharma, kiren rijiju to significant opposition figures like rashtriya lok dals ajit singh and jayant chaudhary, former uttarakhand chief minister, harish rawat, telangana rashtriya samithis k kavitha, the fortunes of many leaders will be determined by how india votes today.
;;-0.0516;;union bjp minister nitingadkari gadkari cautioned the sena about falling into congress trap saying the party was trying to unstabalise the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
;;0.3612;;union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari and leaders of bjps allies such as shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, sad supremo parkash singh badal and ljp founder ram vilas paswan are expected to be present during party president amit shahs filing of nomination.
;;-0.5106;;we had detailed discussion over our misunderstandings and now we are on same track: uddhav thackery10:44 am ist our government achieved things that other governments could not in 50 years: nitingadkari gadkari in gandhinagar what other governments failed to achieve in 50 years, our government did in 5 years.
;;0.4019;;much of the campaign against union minister nitingadkari gadkari, when he was the bjp president in the pre-2014 era, and seemed the likely favourite of the rss to become either the leader of the opposition or the prime minister, was run by his own party men.
;;0.0;;somaiya, well-connected with the media in mumbai, used his resources to put juicy leads against gadkari.
;;0.1857;;gadkari had to step back from a second term as the party president, for, despite the rss best efforts, some older leaders were determined to sideline him.
;;0.743;;somaiya, however, got lucky with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, who is a bitter rival of gadkari in nagpur, appreciating his efforts and encouraging him to take on the shiv sena ahead of the municipal elections in 2017.
;;0.5499;;gadkari could have swung it for him, but clearly wont.
;;0.7351;;1:43 pm ist exit polls not final decision, but hint at bjps win: gadkari union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday said the exit polls are not the final decision but indicate that the bjp will once again come to power, riding on the development work done by the nda government.
;;0.6597;;rahul gandhis first rally will be for party candidate nana patole, who is facing bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in nagpur constituency.
;;0.4019;;ahead of the polls in this vidarbha constituency on april 11, observers feel that sitting mp nitingadkari gadkari has a slight edge over his former party colleague nana patole who is contesting for the congress.
;;-0.5448;;he also doesnt wish to talk about the internecine schisms and factionalism in the congress as he was pitted  as per his wish  against gadkari.
;;0.0;;gadkari had already left his imprint in the national political picture when he contested his maiden lok sabha election in 2014.
;;0.5267;;but a lot has changed in the past five years and gadkari has gained widespread recognition with the performance of the ministry he headed  the ministry of surface transport and shipping.
;;0.0516;;patole, a powerful leader from the kunbi community, is banking heavily on dalit, muslim and kunbi voters in his fight against gadkari, a bramhin, which is relatively a micro-minority in his constituency.
;;0.0;;patole apparently had made up his mind to contest from nagpur and perhaps anticipated taking on gadkari despite knowing that he would not be able to do so on a bjp ticket.
;;-0.6705;;the congress candidate had earned the tag of giant killer in 2014 when he defeated ncp stalwart praful patel and congress supporters claim that he will retain that tag as he takes on gadkari in nagpur.
;;0.6705;;the rss, which is headquartered at nagpur, put up a huge show of strength as gadkari went to the collectorate to file his nomination papers earlier last week.
;;0.4939;;my victory margin in this election would be not less than five lakhs as my development works are visible in the city, a confident gadkari claimed.
;;0.0;;gadkari being a senior cabinet minister did nothing for the unemployed youth.
;;0.0;;with the contest with patole being described as a neck-and-neck race, its more than that for gadkari  whose prestige is at stake in the city that saw him climb up the ranks of the saffron outfit and national political stage.
;;0.4019;;gadkari is also banking on the support from some congress and ncp workers, part of the anti-ashok chavan faction in the city.
;;-0.3818;;seven lok sabha seats in maharashtra are going to polls with union roads minister nitingadkari gadkari locked in a battle with congresss nana patole, a former bjp mp, in nagpur.
;;-0.09;;on a campaign tour in punjab, which goes to polls in the last phase of voting on may 19, nitingadkari gadkari also took potshots at the nehru-gandhi clan saying they had been making tall promises on eradication of poverty, but never delivered.
;;0.0;;asks gadkari.
;;0.3182;;seven constituencies from maharashtras vidarbha region  nagpur, wardha, ramtek, yavatmal-washim, bhandara-gondia, chandrapur and maoist-affected gadchiroli-chimur  will go to polls in the first phase on thursday, deciding the future of prominent candidates, including two union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and hansraj ahir and former state congress chief manikrao thakre.
;;0.0;;union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, j p nadda and prakash javadekar were among the key leaders from the bjp at the meeting.
;;0.4019;;bjp too is in an alliance with all jharkhand students union (ajsu) party, though the ajsu received merely 21,000 votes from dhanbad in the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari have both campaigned for chaudhury.
;;0.0;;road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had set an all-time high target of building 15,000 km of roads in 2016-17 but only managed 8,200 km of roads.
;;0.2023;;india prepares to implement the new emission norms from 2020 and top automakers are tweaking engine designs to make c ars euro vi grade fuel compatible, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on tuesday said.
;;0.1779;;the decision to adopt bs-vi was taken at an inter-ministerial meeting chaired by gadkari, which was attended by oil minister dharmendra pradhan, heavy industries minister anant geete and environment minister prakash javadekar.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday said that he will urge finance minister arun jaitley to bring down gst rate on hybrid vehicles and other automobiles that run on alternate fuels.
;;0.0;;gadkari, the minister for road transport, highways and shipping, is part of the five-member ministerial panel, headed by finance minister arun jaitley, tasked with deciding on the process of privatising air india.
;;0.3182;;gadkari also urged spicejet to launch services from nagpur to destinations such as bengaluru, chennai, hyderabad, kolkata and delhi, saying there is a huge untapped traffic potential from the city.
;;0.2023;;so were the bjps top ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley and nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.2263;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari recently declared he took up development projects worth 70,000 crore in nagpur, from where he is seeking a second term.
;;0.4588;;1:05pm: prime minister lists the ways in which the expressway will benefit commuters, hailing it as the countrys first green highway.
;;0.0;;delhi- saharanpur expressway will be now national highway and it will be extended to dehradun.
;;0.0;;up governor ram naik, union minister nitingadkari gadkari, up chief minister yogi adityanath and haryana chief minister ml khattar are also present.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari is also present at the ceremony, reports ani.
;;0.0;;it was built at a cost of rs 11,000 crore and is indias first highway to be lit by solar power besides provisions of rain water harvesting.
;;0.0;;the highway will also showcase 36 national monuments and 40 fountains, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said, adding the construction was completed in a record 500 days.
;;-0.6369;;when nitingadkari tried to intervene and support his mother, dhodi picked up an axe and hit him in a fit of rage, killing him on the spot.
;;0.3612;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said an alliance between the bjp and shiv sena for controlling the countrys richest civic body, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, was possible if the state party stopped criticising prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.7506;;gadkari flew to nagpur on thursday night after the party won eight out of ten municipal corporations that went to polls in the state.
;;0.0;;nagpur is also the home town of gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis, who also arrived in nagpur.
;;0.6249;;fadnavis met gadkari at the union ministers residence at mahal, apparently to chalk out the future strategy, particularly what role the party would play for controlling the mumbai civic body.
;;0.2023;;the request by top nhai authorities was made during his (rawat) recent meeting with nitingadkari gadkariji in delhi, where i was also present, kaushik, who is also the state governments spokesperson, told hindustan times.
;;0.0;;in his letter, gadkari had clarified that the nhai had released the monetary compensation as per the suggestion of the state government officials.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah, congress president rahul gandhi, cingress general secretary prinyanka gandhi vadra and union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari were among those who campaigned in the state.
;;0.6369;;we are trying our level best that the day will come when we dont need to import any fuel from any country and that we will be self-sufficient, said transport minister nitingadkari gadkari at a conference organised by nomura in singapore.
;;-0.296;;however, we had no issues with union ministers from maharashtra such as nitingadkari gadkari, suresh prabhu or piyush goyal.
