;;0.0;;29: bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today claimed that a change of government at the centre had become inevitable and that the next bjp-led ministry would bring back the black money parked outside the country.
;;0.0;;gadkari described the dmk as a partnership company divided between the sons and daughters of m. karunanidhi, and the congress as a proprietary firm where only gandhi family members could become the leader.
;;-0.5994;;among the few exceptions is nitingadkari gadkari, the shipping and surface transport minister tasked additionally with handling rural development since gopinath mundes death.
;;-0.2263;;during our meeting with nitingadkari gadkari, we also demanded immediate steps to repair nh55.
;;0.0;;to quote his own cabinet minister and colleague, mr nitingadkari gadkari, one who cannot manage his home cannot manage the country.
;;0.4019;;rajs meeting with nitingadkari gadkari and the declaration of support for narendra modi as the prime ministerial candidate have irked sena boss uddhav, forcing both modi and bjp president rajnath singh to placate him.
;;0.0;;his fellow-maharashtrian and union roadways minister, nitingadkari gadkari, got the rumour mills turning about a possible aspiration for the pms seat with his sporadic outbursts targeting his colleagues.
;;0.0;;one wonders what gadkari would have to say to this.
;;0.7184;;many promises bjp floor managers as well as members of the standing committee on assurance are getting jittery - all because of nitingadkari gadkari, who has got into a worrisome habit of making too many promises.
;;0.0;;gadkari has exceeded the prescribed limit.
;;0.4019;;priced at rs 224, the book also has a special foreword written by nitingadkari gadkari, minister for road transport and highways, and another message by chairman of mahindra group anand mahindra.
;;0.0;;he claimed that even union minister nitingadkari gadkari could not entrust sonowal to attend such a meeting on his behalf and only the prime minister could entrust someone for such an assignment.
;;0.4939;;24: chief minister naveen patnaik wrote a letter to union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari to complete the construction of the national highway between bhubaneswar and puri by march 2015 ahead of the nabakalebar festival scheduled in june next year.
;;0.0;;25-km long highway.
;;-0.168;;gadkari, who sought ram jethmalanis expulsion and a warning to yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha, had to rest content with serving a showcause notice to the veteran lawyer, asking why he should not be expelled from the bjp for six years.
;;0.128;;sources said gadkari had wanted precipitate and decisive steps to be taken against jethmalani, a rajya sabha mp, and the sinhas, both lok sabha mps, for questioning his leadership and the bjps official stand against the appointment of new cbi director ranjit sinha.
;;-0.2732;;there was no word on the sinhas, both of whom had backed jethmalanis assertions against gadkari and on ranjit sinhas appointment.
;;0.9347;;but they could not stop the former actress from getting the prized seat because of support from the likes of kailash vijayvargiya, amit shah and nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;the jdu leader reminded that how the union minister for road transport, highways and shipping, nitingadkari gadkari, had announced that the centre would overhaul the gandhi setu but nothing had happened in that context.
;;-0.4588;;sources said that though the bengal government had not received any message from the office of the minister for shipping, roads, transport and highways, it had received hints that the proposed tour of gadkari to calcutta would be abandoned.
;;-0.5423;;as the buzz around gadkari's absence coincided with an alleged attack on bjp supporters by trinamul activists in calcutta on friday, state bjp president dilip ghosh had claimed that gadkari decided to boycott the summit as a mark of protest.
;;0.3612;;the projects include a new highway to connect calcutta with petrapole on the bangladesh border, construction of a 6km elevated roadover the kona expressway to ease traffic congestion and hastening the process of widening nh34, the road to north bengal.
;;0.3612;;in 2016, gadkari had attended the summit and agreed with several projects, which were later cleared by his ministry.
;;-0.4019;;engineers underscored the need for an alternative highway to nh35, which connects petrapole with calcutta, saying the existing highway could not be widened because of land-related problems.
;;0.4215;;narendra modihis push for a single-party government and projection of himself as the only alternative came on a day union minister nitingadkari gadkari earned applause from congress members, led by sonia gandhi, for his performance in the road sector.
;;0.0;;gadkari was not present in the lok sabha when modi spoke.
;;0.0;;-overmatter- tejashwi said he had already spoken to union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari who had visited bihar recently in chhapra and urged him to take up the ring road project.
;;-0.4588;;sources said that though the bengal government has not received any message from the office of the shipping, roads, transport and highways minister, it has received hints that the proposed tour of gadkari to calcutta would be abandoned.
;;-0.5423;;as the buzz around gadkari's absence coincided with an alleged attack on bjp supporters by trinamul activists in calcutta on friday, state bjp president dilip ghosh had claimed that gadkari had decided to boycott the summit as a mark of protest.
;;0.3612;;the projects include a new highway to connect calcutta with petrapol on the bangl-adesh border, construction of a 6km elevated corridor over the kona expressway to ease the traffic congestion, and expedite the widening of nh34, the road to north bengal.
;;0.2732;;the national board for wildlife is yet to give its permission to begin work on certain stretches of the highway near dalma sanctuary (in chandil) and near baliguma (in mango, jamshedpur), which fall under eco-sensitive zone.
;;0.0;;ptiunion water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari did his bit on thursday evening to change the headlines with a tweet that said india had decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
;;0.0;;gadkari wrote: under the leadership of honble pm sri @narendramodi ji, our govt.
;;0.2263;;meghe sr, a close friend of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, had switched to the bjp soon after elder son sagar lost the lok sabha election from wardha on a congress ticket.
;;0.6808;;apart from thackeray, union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari and shiromani akali dal (sad) supremo parkash singh badal and lok janshakti party (ljp) founder ram vilas paswan were present on the stage.
;;0.0;;25 lakh crore appears to have found its ground after the chief minister's meeting with union road minister nitingadkari gadkari last week.
;;-0.3612;;shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari, who chaired a meeting in delhi to discuss the traffic mess around calcutta port, came up with the suggestion that would call for rs 150 crore investment.
;;0.2732;;minister gadkari has suggested that the bengal government bear 50 per cent of the cost of concreting over the roads as common people use them as well.
;;0.0;;bjp's supriyo, who was in the meeting with gadkari, said the senior minister had given him several responsibilities for bengal.
;;0.0;;the high waylast week, after it came to be known that the westminster magistrates court in london had ordered absconding businessman and loan defaulter vijay mallya's extradition, our minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari said something.
;;0.34;;party president nitingadkari gadkari then publicly snubbed her, asserting on march 9 that the cvc issue was not over for the bjp and that his line was the party line.
;;-0.4242;;sources said her attempt to rise above partisan politics and discard her infamous anti-sonia image of 2004 did not go down well with the rss, which prodded gadkari to issue the disapproval.
;;0.2133;;the telegraph pictureover a hundred bikers are campaigning for the bjp on the sahebganj-dumka highway, but in mahadeoganj, barely 3km from here, flags bearing the partys lotus symbol are remarkably few in number.
;;0.4019;;party workers should fulfil their domestic responsibilities first because those who cannot do so cannot manage the country, pti quoted union minister nitingadkari gadkari as having said.
;;0.7845;;party chief arvind kejriwal choosing jail over bail in a defamation case filed by bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari was also aimed at regaining the sympathy of party volunteers and voters.
;;0.0;;arun jaitley was away filing his nomination in amritsar while nitingadkari gadkari is tied up in nagpur.
;;0.4215;;however, the sanghs choice is believed to be another general secretary, j.p. nadda, who was promoted in the organisation by nitingadkari gadkari when he was the bjp chief.
;;0.3818;;all the bjps key leaders in maharashtra, including union minister nitingadkari gadkari, have long detested the alliance with the shiv sena, saying it was standing in the way of the national partys growth in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;priority should be given to flood management and there is a need to seek assistance from nepal, nitish urged gadkari at the meeting.
;;0.872;;nitish requested gadkari to ensure that pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (pmksy) for irrigation, as well as, accelerated irrigation benefit programme (aibp) are successfully implemented in bihar.
;;0.4019;;nitish asked officials to provide details of under-construction irrigation project to the centre and requested gadkari to look into the matter and conduct a review to ensure the projects are completed on time.
;;0.0;;gadkari requested nitish to use more ethanol and biomass-based vehicles as it will substitute the need to import fossil fuel.
;;0.0;;in 2015, ahead of the state assembly elections, paswan had organised a makar sankranti feast at his new delhi residence with prime minister narendra modi, senior bjp leaders lk advani and union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari and others attending the event.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, joshi, soni, hosabale and gopal went to the residence of union minister and former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari for a meeting.
;;0.0;;nitin gadkari, the former bjp president, recently dallied with raj thackeray, suggesting that the mns chief should make up with his cousin and sena president, uddhav thackeray, and fight as part of the bjp-sena coalition to ensure that the anti-congress-ncp votes are not split.
;;-0.3182;;dev rajchief minister nitish kumar (top) and (above) union minister nitingadkari gadkaripatna: the bihar government on saturday took exception to union minister nitingadkari gadkari singling it out for delay in centre-assisted road projects.
;;-0.2263;;gadkari, the union minister for road transport and highways, had on friday said that the ministry's projects in bihar were stalled for want of land, and had asked the state government to pay attention to land acquisition.
;;0.0;;pema khandu, nitingadkari gadkari and kiren rijiju at roing in arunachal pradesh on thursday.
;;0.4588;;at ziro, gadkari assured the people of arunachal that the centre would leave no stone unturned in supporting the development of the state.
;;0.128;;he said because of land compensation issues and exorbitant compensation rates, the potin-pangin highway was unable to make a headway despite the project being launched in 2008.
;;0.0;;central agency nhai has declined to take up the repair work of gandhi setu citing manpower crunch, barely a week after union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari had announced in september that the centre would overhaul it.
;;0.4588;;spokesperson rajiv pratap rudy said bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari would speak to the 83-year old and urge him to stay back in the interest of gujarat and the country.
;;-0.2023;;he charged gadkari with being soft on modi.
;;-0.7964;;transport minister nitingadkari gadkari expressed grief over khurana's death, saying his contribution to the development of delhi would be remembered.
;;0.2023;;speaking at a function after the bharatiya janata party lost a spate of assembly elections, the union minister, nitingadkari gadkari, reiterated the old maxim of success having many fathers while failure has none.
;;0.3182;;presumably, mr gadkari was making a point about the reluctance of the bjps top leadership  comprising, effectively, narendra modi and amit shah  to take responsibility for these electoral reversals.
;;0.5499;;but is mr gadkari being sincere himself?
;;0.2263;;why else would mr gadkari accuse the opposition and a section of the media of tweaking facts in order to drive a wedge between him and the party leadership?
;;0.0;;saran now boasts of a national driving training centre after union minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated the facility on monday.
;;0.4588;;gadkari dedicated a new highway and laid the foundation stone of two national highway projects.
;;-0.296;;there should be no politics over development and the government at the centre is pursuing this policy, said gadkari at the inauguration of the driving centre.
;;0.0;;the union minister inaugurated the newly constructed stretch of national highway 28 between muzaffarpur and barauni and laid foundation stones for start of work of two existing national highways, one between chhapra and gopalganj (nh-85) and another between chhapra and muzaffarpur (nh-102).
;;0.4019;;gadkari at a party convention in mumbai on thursday, (fotocorp) nagpur, oct.
;;0.3182;;4: bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today landed in fresh controversy over a letter he had written to the centre seeking release of funds for a scam-tainted maharashtra irrigation project in which some of his associates have bagged contracts.
;;-0.6908;;bhangdia is considered close to both gadkari and ncp leader ajit pawar, who resigned as deputy chief minister last week over the irrigation scam rocking the state.
;;0.0567;;gadkari has defended himself saying he had written the letter to help farmers and not to benefit the contractors.
;;-0.8225;;india against corruption activist anjali damania had recently accused gadkari of refusing to take a stand on the irrigation scam rocking maharashtra because of his business links with ncp leader sharad pawar.
;;-0.4404;;gadkari has denied meeting damania and sent her a defamation notice.
;;0.296;;too little, too late in chhapra the inauguration of a national driving training institute in chhapra by union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has failed to enthuse even bjp supporters.
;;0.0;;our correspondentnitin gadkari at the meeting with (right) nand kishore yadav in new delhi.
;;0.0;;repair of the 125km road under national highway 30 has been pending for the past five years.
;;0.6249;;nand kishore said gadkari repeated that the centre was eager to fulfil its road promises.
;;0.4939;;besides, gadkari also decided that tender for the bridge over dumaria ghat on nh 28 would be floated in the next two months.
;;0.6124;;bihar minister nand kishore also said gadkari also gave in-principle approval for the new bridge parallel to the vikramshila setu in bhagalpur for which the bihar rajya pul nirman nigam ltd has already prepared the detailed project report.
;;0.7506;;as gadkari completed the answers amid thumping of desks by ruling bjp members, a bjp member from madhya pradesh, ganesh singh, stood up and told speaker sumitra mahajan that the house should appreciate the wonderful work being carried out by the union road transport minister.
;;0.7783;;at this, sonia, who all through was patiently listening to gadkari and often seen nodding in response to his replies, smiled and started thumping the desk as a sign of appreciation.
;;-0.8008;;the water resources minister, nitingadkari gadkari, first said india would choke pakistans water supply and then followed it up with a more concrete threat: our government has decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
;;0.0;;in response, mukhtar abbas naqvi and nitingadkari gadkari visited ladakh to campaign for chewang.
;;0.3612;;gadkari had promised that the work would begin within a fortnight.
;;0.0;;the man in the spotlight is none other than nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;old timers will recall that gadkari has a bit of a history with shah.
;;0.0772;;their feud goes back to the time when gadkari, as the party president, had made shah wait for a long time for an audience.
;;0.0;;again, when the bjp teamed up with the shiv sena in maharashtra, gadkari had assumed that the chief ministers kursi would be his for the taking.
;;-0.4215;;but shah, many believe, put a spanner in the works for gadkari: devendra fadnavis, located in the lower branches in the bjps power hierarchy, elbowed the heavyweight gadkari out to assume the cms mantle.
;;0.2732;;the buzz is that after the bjps trouncing in the assembly polls, gadkari is certain that the national democratic alliance is unlikely to have the numbers that are required to form the government at the centre.
;;0.5719;;its dependence on allies would, gadkari believes, brighten his chances of grabbing the prime ministers chair.
;;0.0;;former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari, who is not an mp, too is a frequent visitor.
;;0.0;;union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari was also present at the function.
;;0.0;;nitish sought time from gadkari to discuss issues related to incessant flow of the ganga.
;;0.0;;gupta's younger brother nitingadkari said naveen used to work as a part-time news collector.
;;0.0;;it has lined up three programmes by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, union finance minister arun jaitley and national president shah between december 23 and february 1.
;;-0.296;;later in the day, naveen dashed off another letter to gadkari saying that no forest clearance was needed as the proposed site (of the bridge) is non forest in nature.
;;0.0;;on april 4, road construction minister nand kishore yadav met union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari to discuss the rs 3,000 crore new bridge.
;;0.4019;;senior leaders rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari discussed the situation and party chief amit shah is likely to hold a meeting with state leaders tomorrow.
;;0.2846;;the former chief of the bharatiya janata party, nitingadkari gadkari, believes that the may 2014 parliamentary polls are not about narendra modi, but about the bjps supremacy.
;;0.4767;;while acknowledging modis role as an effective campaigner, gadkari has taken it on himself to prove his theory.
;;-0.4588;;a congress defeat here will show that gadkari is talking sense.
;;0.5859;;late call well before holi and a day before the results of the assembly election in five states were to be declared, the bharatiya janata party president, nitingadkari gadkari, organized a holi milan at his residence.
;;0.5574;;for someone like pranabda, who is as far removed from films as nitingadkari gadkari is now from the jalebi, it was a surprise mention.
;;0.0;;who is this gadkari, asked mamata banerjee.
;;0.5859;;it was time to elect a new bjp president and gadkari had emerged a strong contender.
;;0.5859;;kumar, an informed member of the bjp hierarchy, patiently explained to banerjee that nitingadkari gadkari was a well-known leader of maharashtra and a successful public works department (pwd) minister there.
;;0.0;;only days later gadkari was anointed bjp president, replacing rajnath singh.
;;0.0;;gadkari, a nagpur boy, had practically grown up in a shakha; he was rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwats pick.
;;-0.3818;;now, a decade on, gadkari has craftily tip-toed to the position the sangh has probably always been nudging him towards  as the man who will be a credible alternative to narendra modi as the prime ministerial candidate should the bjp fall short of numbers and need to desperately rebuild the nda in its bid to retain power.
;;0.0498;;should the two fail to manage the magic tally, gadkari could well emerge as a more acceptable consensus leader of a newly-constituted nda.
;;-0.0772;;gadkari is far from an unknown entity; on the contrary, he is consciously teasing himself into the centrestage.
;;0.4019;;some of his recent comments, clearly a taunt to pm modi and his worldview, have prompted the whole country to take notice of the lumbering tortoise from nagpur and ask  who is this gadkari?
;;0.1779;;in the span of the last month and a little more, gadkari has showered wholesome praise on jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi, counselled party members should speak less, and conceded that unemployment is a major problem facing the country.
;;0.1901;;gadkari has gone on to clarify that some of his statements had been twisted, but thats just smart politics, no more.
;;0.0258;;of the sharper salvos gadkari has fired on the modi dispensation recently is that government and party bosses should own up to failures and defeats just as they grab credit for success.
;;-0.4588;;i think gadkari has a reason if he says leadership should take responsibility for the defeat.
;;0.0;;gautam recently wrote an open letter to senior bjp functionaries with recommendations that included elevating gadkari to the post of deputy prime minister.
;;0.0;;but apart from the fact that he is dyed-in-the-wool saffron and not spewing or enabling socio-political toxicity, what else is there that makes gadkari a viable alternative to modi?
;;0.5267;;from the very start of his career as partyman in maharashtra, gadkari has known that navigating upwards in the bjp would be no easy thing; his 2009-13 stint as party president only confirmed that to him.
;;0.3919;;but gadkari has not merely managed his balance, he has continued to push his career as well.
;;0.4019;;as party president, gadkari, had inducted sanjay joshi, modis bte noire, into the bjps national executive.
;;0.5994;;joshi has maintained a low profile since, but gadkari survived that storm and came back to delhi as a minister in the modi government.
;;0.0;;sangha priya gautam points out, modi inaugurates completed projects of gadkari, while he only lays foundation stones for other ministers.
;;0.0;;and bal kulkarni, who had earlier compared gadkari to pawar, says, he has proved his mettle.
;;0.0;;while sharad pawar spent 25 to 30 years in delhi to establish himself as a leader of some stature, gadkari has earned that in only four-and-a-half years.
;;0.631;;but tiwari says friends in high places in the rss have told him that gadkari should continue to speak his mind.
;;0.0;;so should gadkari.
;;-0.296;;theres no gainsaying politics is an unpredictable affair; gadkari may only be counting upon it to be more so in the run-up to 2019.
;;0.0;;senior bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari telegraph picturethe contest: nitingadkari gadkari (bjp) vs nana patole (congress)seat: nagpur, maharashtrainterest quotient: nagpur is gadkaris home ground and the rss headquarters.
;;0.5719;;gadkari won nagpur in 2014.
;;0.0;;the programmes future seemed to have come under a cloud recently when rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje wrote to union rural development minister nitingadkari gadkari suggesting the law be repealed and the programme converted to a scheme.
;;0.89;;nitish, who praised gadkari for his positive approach towards work, assured him there will not be any problem in land acquisition for any projects in bihar.
;;-0.296;;nitin gadkari does not know 'no' as there is no 'no' in his dictionary.
;;0.4019;;our special correspondentranchi: state water resources department secretary k.k. soan sent a proposal to the centre on thursday seeking funds for 10 new big and small irrigation projects following a meeting between union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister raghubar das in delhi on december 18 last year, according to an official communiqu issued by iprd department.
;;0.3321;;das, during his meeting with gadkari, who also holds the water resources portfolio, demanded more funds and more schemes to ensure that proper irrigation facilities reached every agriculture field in the state.
;;0.0;;gadkari will meet chief minister nitish kumar to discuss various issues related to national highways.
;;-0.4019;;road construction department (rcd) principal secretary amrit lal meena has sent a list of stalled or delayed national highway (nh) projects to the district magistrates concerned with directions to raise these issues at the monthly video-conferencing to be chaired by chief secretary anjani kumar singh on january 23.
;;0.5927;;raj, whom bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari had met a few days earlier, has fielded candidates against the sena but said he is supporting modi for prime minister.
;;-0.7096;;leave alone the bjd, even a senior bjp leader and the congress on friday attacked gadkari accusing him of buying time for chhattisgarh to complete its ongoing projects on the river.
;;0.3182;;besides fresh talks, gadkari has also suggested constitution of a river board to settle the issue.
;;0.0;;16: bjp president nitingadkari gadkari is pushing for uma bharti as a candidate in the uttar pradesh polls, but state leaders are resisting the nomination of an outsider.
;;-0.1027;;however, there is no significant opposition, said a source close to gadkari.
;;0.3612;;even transport minister nitingadkari gadkariji promised funds for road projects in hazaribagh, dhanbad, ranchi, bokaro and jamshedpur what about regional air connectivity in jharkhand?
;;0.0;;the chief minister said survey for the construction of tipaimukh-jiribam road was complete and he had written to union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari to declare the road as a national highway.
;;-0.1779;;14: rashtriya swayamsevak sangh adviser s. gurumurthy today wrote to nitingadkari gadkari, saying he had found no evidence of wrongdoing by the bjp chief legally or morally in the purti matter.
;;0.6705;;gurumurthy, who had earlier exonerated gadkari following a hush-hush probe, said in the letter he had clearly told members of the bjp core committee last week that he had not found evidence of wrong-doing while investigating documents related to the purti group.
;;0.0;;yesterday, gurumurthy had virtually disowned gadkari and then defended him in a span of four hours, the flip-flops coming on twitter.
;;-0.3089;;he also claimed a businessman (like gadkari) should not helm a political party.
;;0.296;;in his missive, gurumurthy urged gadkari to share his explanation with the core committee members, included arun jaitley and sushma swaraj.
;;-0.296;;although there was no official explanation from the bjp on what caused gurumurthys flip-flops, sources claimed he was new to twitter and had tripped over while commenting on his articles on gadkari.
;;-0.6597;;former delhi minister manish sisodia hit out at party ideologue yogendra yadav in a letter that was leaked to the media, the war among the top leaders coming on a day magistrate gomati manocha framed charges against kejriwal in the defamation case filed by bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari and put the aap chief on trial after he rejected the judges suggestion to resolve the matter amicably.
;;-0.296;;kejriwal refused to withdraw his alleged defamatory remarks against gadkari, whom he had dubbed corrupt.
;;0.0;;dev rajhealthy deal: union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister nitish kumar at the review meeting in patna on monday.
;;0.0;;the mou was signed in the presence of union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister nitish kumar on monday.
;;0.0;;gadkari had flown down to patna to attend two back-to-back meetings that lasted for around six hours.
;;0.4019;;gadkari and nitish had detailed discussion on various projects that form a part of prime minister narendra modi's special package of rs 1.
;;0.2023;;we should understand that 70 per cent pollution in the ganga is due to 10 cities only of which kanpur is at the top, gadkari added.
;;0.7003;;nitin gadkari agartala, july 16: union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari has assured two lok sabha mps from tripura of a strong initiative to upgrade national highway 44 and 44 (a).
;;0.128;;he told the mps  jiten chowdhury and sankar prasad dutta  that the construction of a second highway between kukithal in kailasahar subdivision in north tripura and sabroom subdivision in south tripura via teliamura would be launched.
;;0.0;;the tripura mps met gadkari on monday and apprised him of the tenuous road transport system within the state and its fragile link by road with the rest of the country.
;;-0.3182;;they focussed on the critical condition of the 20km stretch of national highway 44 between churaibari in north tripura and loarpura in karimganj district of assam, which has become practically unusable during monsoon resulting in heavy traffic congestion.
;;0.0;;on paper, the total length of national highway 44 and 44 (a) is 331km between sabroom in south tripura and churaibari in north tripura but only 84km of the crucial highway is double lane.
;;0.0;;it added that in 2005 the then prime minister manmohan singh during his visit to the state had said a second highway would be constructed linking the state with the rest of the country through meghalaya, assam and north bengal.
;;-0.4767;;briefing gadkari on the situation, chowdhury and dutta said from october 1, the railway link between agartala, silchar and sabroom would be suspended because of the gauge conversion work between lumding-badarpur and silchar in assam.
;;-0.3612;;there is no indication that the metre gauge railway track between agartala, silchar and sabroom will be upgraded to broad gauge simultaneously despite our demands but the suspension of railway service will create tremendous problems of transport in tripura, the mps told gadkari.
;;0.0;;they also pointed out that the ministry of road transport and highways had to broaden the highway by 1.
;;0.1531;;gadkari accepted the demand for a second highway between kukithal and sabroom and said funds would not be a constraint for the work.
;;0.0;;with gadkari, das discussed ongoing projects, including ranchi-tata highway and ring road in ranchi, and asked for more funds to finish them.
;;0.2023;;the allusion was to bangaru laxman, who was secretly photographed accepting money from undercover reporters posing as representatives of an arms dealer, and nitingadkari gadkari, who faced allegations of controversial financial dealings.
;;0.5423;;party president amit shah is coming to dhanbad and jamshedpur on may 8, while union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari are reaching on may 7, sinha said.
;;0.34;;former bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari, who shared the rally dais with giriraj, has also been named.
;;0.0;;i think that whatever nitingadkari gadkari has said is his well-considered view.
;;0.8658;;he added: they can show courage like gadkari and place the truth before the nation -- what is happening inside their party, how much internal democracy is left.
;;0.6486;;bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari reciprocated the gesture by assuring him over dinner that the nda would elect its prime ministerial candidate as a coalition and his party would not do anything unilaterally.
;;-0.6486;;gadkari tweeted on the move to stop water-sharing a week after the pulwama attack.
;;0.0;;gadkari, who is in charge of road transport and highways, shipping and water resources and river development & ganga rejuvenation, in a second tweet tried to explain details of some projects.
;;-0.9287;;nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) february 21, 2019the mention of stopping water to pakistan has come exactly a week after a jaish-e-mohammad car-bomb suicide attack killed 40 crpf jawans in pulwama.
;;0.0;;the bjp national leaders including former national president nitingadkari gadkari and the present president rajnath singh had talked to me first on this issue.
;;0.0;;union minister and senior leader nitingadkari gadkari and union minister for tribal affairs jual oram, who arrived here in the morning.
;;0.0;;the telegraph file pictureunion minister nitingadkari gadkari has sprung a tantalising riddle on the bjp and the rest of the country in the run-up to the general election.
;;0.25;;after acknowledging its a dream, gadkari delivered the knockout punch on sapne dikhane wale logon and pitai.
;;-0.4404;;after the contents of the letter became public, gadkari had denied he was in the race for the bjps prime ministerial candidate.
;;0.0;;with union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari coming to patna on january 29 to meet chief minister nitish kumar, the issues related to the stagnancy that have crept in the roads and bridges project envisaged under the pm's package will be at the centre of discussions between the two leaders.
;;0.0;;under the pm's package, the patna to koilwar section of national highway 30 is to be made into four lanes at a cost of rs 1,287 crore of which only rs 713 crore has been disbursed till now as compensation for land taken from the public.
;;0.4019;;issues of similar nature plague almost all 84 national highway and bridge projects across the state, which are part of the special package.
;;0.0;;the road construction department had sent the centre a proposal for the double decker flyover last year after union minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari hinted at it during his visit to chhapra in october 2016.
;;0.3182;;former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari held a huge rally at the towns biggest venue, the leh polo ground, on sunday.
;;0.4767;;i had a talk with union minister nitingadkari gadkari on inland waterway and told him that the flow of water will have to be improved for this.
;;0.3182;;union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari had laid the foundation stone for the much-awaited bridge in july following a prolonged campaign by ray who continues to maintain that the project needed to be executed expeditiously as it was a promise made by prime minister narendra modi himself.
;;0.0;;bihar chamber of commerce and industry (bcci) president p.k. agrawal said union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari has told chief minister nitish kumar that the centre will spend rs 2 lakh crore in bihar over the next five years for infrastructure development.
;;0.0;;sibal said nitingadkari gadkari posted the picture on twitter on january 30, 2014, and it was re-tweeted 59 times.
;;0.2263;;nitin gadkari, union minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, will inaugurate and lay the foundation of national highways projects worth rs 9,533 crore at separate events in roing and ziro in arunachal pradesh on thursday.
;;0.0;;accompanied by chief minister pema khandu and union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju, gadkari will inaugurate bridges across dibang and lohit river systems at roing, including an approach road between chowkham and digaru.
;;0.0;;gadkari will also inaugurate the two-lane, 25.
;;0.0;;gadkari will also lay the foundation of nearly 96.
;;0.0;;86m roing-hunli section of hunli-anini road (national highway 313) at a cost of rs 1718.
;;0.0;;31km hayuliang-hawai road section of national highway 113 at rs 256.
;;0.0;;in ziro, gadkari will lay the foundation for 472km of national highways, costing rs 583.
;;0.0;;73 crore, and six packages on joram-kolorlang road on national highway 713 for a total length of 94.
;;0.0;;gadkari will also relaunch a project for two-laning of 351.
;;-0.4019;;kejriwal letter new delhi (pti): delhi high court on wednesday declined to entertain a plea seeking a ban on publication and circulation of arvind kejriwals letter questioning orders sending him to judicial custody and levelling allegations against nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.5267;;17 (pti): bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today provided some light moments at a rally when he shared with audience sms jokes on spiralling prices.
;;0.6597;;in march, chief minister naveen patnaik had made an official request to union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari for dredging the mahanadi river mouth to ensure the safety of the sea-going fishermen.
;;0.0;;the manifesto was to be released by members of the parliamentary board, the partys highest decision-making body, but three members of the board  union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and j.p. nadda and former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan  were not present.
;;0.0;;nitin gadkari holds the teleconference on monday.
;;0.0;;union minister of road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari said during a media teleconference on monday that the centre had decided to take up the bridge repair work following a request from chief minister jitan ram manjhi.
;;0.4019;;the rss first experimented by anointing maharashtra's nitingadkari gadkari as party president.
;;0.0;;ptiunion minister nitingadkari gadkari fainted on stage on saturday at an election rally near shirdi in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;gadkari was campaigning at rahata for the shiv sena candidate for the shirdi lok sabha seat, sadashiv lokhande.
;;0.0;;after finishing his speech, gadkari was walking back to his seat on the stage when he fainted.
;;-0.3182;;on december 7, 2018, gadkari had lost consciousness during a convocation at the agricultural university in maharashtras rahuri.
;;0.0;;nayaks links with bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari helped.
;;0.3612;;like gadkari, he used to be a minister in the bjp-sena coalition government.
;;0.0;;varun was here in may last year with nitingadkari gadkari and had told a rally then that it was his homecoming.
;;-0.0516;;union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari and leaders of nda allies, including shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, sad supremo parkash singh badal and ljp founder ram vilas paswan were present on the stage with shah.
;;0.0;;this was revealed in london by nitingadkari gadkari, india's minister for road transport & highways, shipping and water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation, who has had talks in the city with the british transport secretary, chris grayling.
;;0.3612;;agarwal though hasn't yet disclosed the precise details of what he has promised gadkari whom he invited to his home in london.
;;0.0946;;party president nitingadkari gadkari was said to have taken the decision without consulting the likes of l.k. advani, sushma swaraj or arun jaitley.
;;0.0;;gadkari and jaitley spoke to uma and she issued a clarification.
;;0.3612;;on june 21 this year, union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari promised the residents of the town that work on this bridge would begin within 15 days.
;;0.0;;nitin gadkari, union minister for road transport, river development and ganga rejuvenation, will accompany prime minister modi on the occasion.
;;-0.5719;;gadkari clarified that he had no business dealings with mallya the telegraph file pictureunion minister nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday that it was not correct to call one-time loan defaulter vijay mallyaji a chor (thief), adding that the fugitive businessman had a four-decade-long track record of timely debt servicing.
;;-0.7184;;gadkari, however, clarified that he had no business dealings with mallya, who faces extradition from the uk for alleged bank fraud and money laundering amounting to an estimated rs 9,000 crore.
;;-0.9349;;if (fugitive diamantaire) nirav modi or vijay mallyaji have committed fraud then send them to jail, but whoever comes in distress, and if we label them as fraudster then our economy will not progress, gadkari added.
;;-0.4588;;our correspondenta stretch of the polluted mahananda river in siligurisiliguri: siliguri mayor asok bhattacharya will meet the union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari later this week and will appeal to him to include mahananda action plan under national council for river ganga (rejuvenation, protection and management) (ncrg).
;;-0.4767;;new bridge bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on tuesday wrote a letter to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for the construction of a second bridge over river brahmani near rourkela on the biramitrapur-barkote section of nh-143 as the old bridge is in a poor condition.
;;0.0;;gurungs meeting with gadkari in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;an email sent by gurung to the media said many projects had been discussed in detail at the meeting with gadkari and they would be implemented soon in the gta area.
;;0.0;;it was decided at the meeting that an alternative 85km national highway from siliguri to darjeeling via mirik along the balason river would be built.
;;-0.4588;;finance minister t.m. thomas isaac had on monday accused kerala bjp president p.s. sreedharan pillai of writing to the centre to stall land acquisition for the widening of a key national highway.
;;-0.6124;;pillai denied the charges and said he had only suggested to union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari that land acquisition be halted in a flood-hit area in ernakulam.
;;0.3818;;instead, it was worrying about the fresh controversy that party chief nitingadkari gadkari has landed in.
;;0.0;;the congress today released a letter written by gadkari on july 30 to union water resources minister p.k. bansal, asking for rs 400 crore to be released to the contractors hired to construct the gosekhurd dam in vidarbha.
;;0.4939;;one of the contractors is gadkaris friend and mp ajay sancheti.
;;0.4019;;gadkari visit new delhi: nitingadkari gadkari on thursday visited l.k. advani at his residence to wish him on his 85th birthday.
;;0.4939;;witnesses said gadkari even touched advanis feet and sought his blessing.
;;0.8074;;the union minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, nitingadkari gadkari, had said during the signing of the concession agreement for the mathura project on june 13, 2018 that the government is determined to clean the tributaries of ganga.
;;0.6597;;along with these two leaders, the bjp will be sending former vice-chairperson of rajya sabha najma heptulla and party president nitingadkari gadkari to campaign for the party.
;;0.1531;;last year, modi first sent transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to cairo to invite sisi to the india africa forum summit hosted by new delhi in october.
;;0.3612;;sushma followed gadkari with a second visit to reinforce the importance india placed on sisi visiting new delhi for the africa meet.
;;0.0;;sources said that rajnath, arun jaitley and nitingadkari gadkari exchanged notes after parrikars call and rang the karnataka leaders.
;;0.0;;those in the over-burdened slot include arun jaitley, nitingadkari gadkari, m. venkaiah naidu, prakash javadekar, ravi shankar prasad and nirmala sitharaman.
;;0.0;;bjp nagpur parliamentary candidate nitingadkari gadkari shows his finger marked with indelible ink after casting vote during the 1st phase of the general elections in nagpur on thursday, april 11, 2019.
;;0.0;;union ministers nitingadkari gadkari (nagpur), kiren rijuju (arunachal west), v.k. singh (ghaziabad), mahesh sharma (gautam buddh nagar), hansraj ahir (chandrapur in maharashtra) and satyapal singh (baghpat) are the key central leaders testing their electoral fortunes.
;;-0.3818;;seven lok sabha seats in maharashtra will go to polls, with union minister gadkari locked in a battle with congress's nana patole, a former bjp mp.
;;0.4215;;samajwadi sources claimed that akhileshs father and party patron mulayam singh yadav had told them last week that the rss was toying with the idea of backing nitingadkari gadkari for prime minister if the bjp fell a little short of majority.
;;0.0;;#ray said he had met modi and union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and dharmendra pradhan six to seven times over these two issues.
;;-0.5719;;subhashish mohantynitin gadkaribhubaneswar: the state government on thursday rejected union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari's offer for fresh negotiations to settle the mahanadi water-sharing dispute.
;;-0.4767;;sharpening its attack on the centre, bjd general secretary sanjay das burma described gadkari as a spokesperson of the chhattisgarh government.
;;0.3182;;in response to bjd mp bhartruhari mahatab's query on the tribunal, gadkari on thursday told the lok sabha: i am inviting the odisha government for a discussion.
;;0.6808;;our special correspondentpatna: bihar will get new infrastructure projects from the centre thanks to nitingadkari gadkari, chief minister nitish kumar said on monday.
;;0.0;;we had detailed discussions with nitingadkari gadkari ji for over five hours and projects were minutely reviewed, nitish said.
;;0.2023;;gadkari, the union minister of road transport and highways, had visited patna on january 29 with top officials of his ministry and held a review meeting of projects with nitish and state officials.
;;-0.5574;;the left has been accusing n.k. premachandran, representing kollam in the lok sabha, of being instrumental in bringing modi to inaugurate the bypass,premachandran has denied any such move on his part other than saying that since the state government was deliberately delaying the project he had requested union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to open the project at the earliest.
;;0.6369;;sources said a tentative list includes subramanian swamy, who has the support of the rss, for new delhi; columnist and author m.j. akbar, backed by modi, for northeast delhi; former envoy hardeep puri, supported by arun jaitley, for west delhi; dalit leader udit raj for northwest delhi; vijender gupta, a jaitley nominee, from chandni chowk; and mahesh giri, backed by nitingadkari gadkari, for east delhi.
;;0.0;;patowary, who also holds the transport portfolio, met union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in the national capital last evening.
;;0.4588;;gadkari informed patowary that the world bank has sanctioned rs 100 crore for development of inland water transport, including improvement of ferry ghats and reconstruction of jetties in the state.
;;0.0;;gadkari, also the highways minister, touched on the land acquisition act during the media conference where he presented an assessment of his ministries performance in the first 100 days of the new government.
;;0.0;;a source said modi had told gadkari on the sidelines of the mumbai national executive meet last month that not only would joshi have to be dropped from the body, he should also not be handed any organisational responsibility.
;;0.0;;sources claimed gadkari wanted to be discreet about joshis exit.
;;-0.1531;;asked if joshi was denied an entry into uttar pradesh, a source close to gadkari replied tangentially: after his resignation was accepted, nobody has given a thought about giving him a responsibility.
;;0.0;;highway trees new delhi (pti): the centre plans to plant 200 crore trees along the entire 1 lakh-km network of national highways across the country to generate employment, union minister for highways, shipping and rural development nitingadkari gadkari has said.
;;0.0;;the state unit of the bjp is planning to use the three programmes, to be attended by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on december 23, union finance minister arun jaitley on january 7 and bjp national president amit shah on february 1 and 2, to step up the heat on trinamul and its government.
;;0.0258;;while gadkari and jaitley will take on the state government administratively, shah will boost the bjp's political battle against trinamul.
;;0.4215;;gadkariji will take part in meetings on improving roads and related infrastructure in bengal because our government at the centre does not discriminate between states on development, sinha said.
;;0.0;;although gadkari will also take part in a rally to kick off the bjp's anti-corruption week (december 23 to 30) in bengal, the primary purpose of his visit is administrative.
;;-0.128;;we have sought the appointment of union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari to press for the demand for constitution of the mahanadi tribunal at the earliest.
;;0.25;;on september 15, 2014, union minister for road transport, highways and shipping, nitingadkari gadkari said the centre would undertake comprehensive repairing work of gandhi setu.
;;-0.1779;;21: starting next week, cars may be able to vroom down the delhi-mumbai national highway without getting caught in noisy snarls snaking out from toll plazas.
;;0.0;;nh8 is set to become the countrys first highway to have an electronic toll collection (etc) system, with road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari due to inaugurate it on monday.
;;0.0;;at present, etc facility will be available at 51 toll plazas on the delhi-mumbai highway.
;;0.4019;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari has done it again  this time coming tantalisingly close to needling party chief amit shah on the bjps recent election reverses.
;;-0.296;;gadkari had later accused a section of the opposition and the media of twisting his statements to drive a wedge between him and the bjp leadership.
;;0.3182;;at the ib event on monday, gadkari also invoked independent indias first prime minister, jawaharlal nehru, and stressed tolerance is the biggest asset of our system.
;;0.0;;the leader is known to be close to the rss and many in the bjp believe gadkari had the sanghs go-ahead before he spoke.
;;0.4019;;in private, however, party leaders said gadkari appeared to be crossing the laxman rekha.
