;;0.4939;;the roads selected under port connectivity scheme of bharatmala include 13-km road connecting azheekkal port to nh-bypass road, 3-km road connecting kollam port to nh, 2-km riverside port road-beypore port stretch, 14-km road from azhikkal to puthuvalappu, 14-km road from payikulangara to alappuzha bypass, 12-km road from state highway to alappuzha bypass intersection, 12-km road from payyambalam to azheekkal, 12-km road from mudhiyam beach to madhura bazaar, 10-km road from madhura bazaar to chullikkad, 9-km road from fort vypin to matsyafed tourist office and 18-km beypore road to malaparambu beach.
;;0.2235;;the state, which had already planned to include most of these stretches under the coastal highway, being funded by kiifb, is not worried about funding for land acquisition, sources said.
;;0.4767;;last year, union minister nitingadkari gadkari had given in principal approval for 192-km roads to provide connectivity to all ports in the state such as vizhinjam , thankassery, alappuzha, kochi, munambam , ponnani, beypore and azheekkal.
;;-0.8779;;the victims parents alleged that swaroopa, the teacher who allegedly punished their son nitingadkari , was infamous among students for her temper and claimed this is not the first time she punished the child.
;;-0.4019;;as soon as nitingadkari reached home on monday, he started crying.
;;-0.0258;;on november 11, highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had laid the foundation stone for several road development and repair works for 576km roads worth rs5,356 crore in chandrapur district alone.
;;0.4404;;even union minister nitingadkari gadkari , chief minister devendra fadnavis and district guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule have been appealing citizens to cooperate the nmc to improve citys ranking in swachh survey, said the mayor.
;;-0.4215;;left with no option, nhai officials approached gadkari to get the problem solved.
;;0.0;;nagpur: city mp and union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari said developers of unauthorized layouts should be sent to jail.
;;0.0;;gadkari, along with chief minister devendra fadnavis , on friday performed bhoomipuja of proposed road connecting wanjari nagar overhead water tank with ajni cement road near railway overbridge.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis thanked gadkari for getting clearance for road from wanjari nagar overhead water tank to ajni cement road.
;;0.1531;;but gadkari could get the project cleared, he said.
;;0.4215;;gadkari has approved funds from central road fund for the project.
;;0.7506;;in october, fadnavis approved special grants of rs325 crore to the nmc considering the request of union minister nitingadkari gadkari and kukreja.
;;0.0;;a delegation of nashik traders led by the chairman of the state agriculture commission, pasha patel, discussed the issue with union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari a couple of days back.
;;0.3612;;he claimed that during their meeting, gadkari spoke to railway minister piyush goyal , who has assured them that more rakes would be sent.
;;0.5859;;the railway minister has assured gadkari that immediate steps would be taken to increase the rakes in nashik, said patel.
;;0.0;;recently, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari too had suggested the nmc to go for electric buses as it will minimize its cost of running the service.
;;0.2732;;union minister for transport nitingadkari gadkari, mayor nanda jichkar, energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mlc anil sole and director of sczcc deepak khirwadkar were present.
;;0.8402;;this festival will give almost 1,000 local artistes to showcase their talent, provide a platform to flourish, said gadkari in his welcome address.
;;-0.296;;he said there was no mention of a plan announced by the minister for shipping and water resources, nitingadkari gadkari, to link cauvery and godavari rivers.
;;-0.7003;;however, gadkari and fadnavis have fooled the youth and brought disgrace to the historic university.
;;-0.4588;;former katol mla ashish deshmukh, who had led agitations for statehood, said there is no doubt that the university website has photographs of notable congress, bjp and other leaders, but fact remains that gadkari and fadnavis have let down the region.
;;0.5719;;further stating that he took up the issue of ssc qualification being made mandatory for indian cdc (continuous discharge certificate, a seafarer's identity document) during his meeting with union minister for shipping nitingadkari gadkari , sawaikar said he expected a circular to be issued by the centre soon about relaxation in the rule.
;;0.0;;former 7-time mp vilas muttemwar who was trounced by bjps nitingadkari gadkari the last time, is not among the names.
;;0.6486;;gudadhe is apparently wary of factional fights in the party and resources required to take on a powerful rival like gadkari.
;;0.3612;;gadkari held a meeting on tuesday regarding projects like widening of kelibagh road, old bhandara road, gaddigodam road, pardi flyover, indora chowk-ashok square flyover etc.
;;-0.3252;;when the public works department (pwd) and nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) officials told him that not much progress was achieved in most of the projects, a peeved gadkari gave them an earful.
;;-0.7906;;gadkari expressed anguish when the collectors office, states public works department and nagpur municipal corporations town planning department blamed each other over land acquisition status of 2.
;;0.0772;;a representative of shopkeepers led by manoj agrawal and batukbhai bagde urged gadkari to direct the national highways authority of india (nhai) to acquire only 1.
;;0.296;;gadkari also directed the concerned officials to invite tenders for kelibagh road, old bhandara road, gaddigodam to teka naka road, dighori to nagpur city road within a week.
;;0.6369;;gadkari assured the shopkeepers that they will be rehabilitated in the new complex coming up at mpsrtc and msrtc land and asked them to support demolition of the existing flyover.
;;0.0;;gadkari also reviewed redevelopment projects of yeshwant stadium and under tunnel with viewing gallery at futala promenade.
;;-0.4215;;they said both acting vc murlidhar chandekar and pro-vc pramod yeole met union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari a couple of times at his home for finalizing the chief guest, but no names were finalized till tuesday.
;;-0.4215;;panaji: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday said that he has given up on developing water transport in goa and it pained him to say it.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 29, 2019nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4939;;jaipur: minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari laid foundation stones for four nh projects in state on monday.
;;0.0;;in bikaner, the first project was 163-km two lane section of national highway from raisinghnagar to poogal.
;;0.4019;;gadkari has never made us feel that he belongs to a rival party.
;;0.4215;;patna: union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday approved the second phase of ganga riverfront development project, which envisages development of 27 ghats between nauzar ghat and nurpur ghat in patna city and a 6.
;;-0.0258;;on november 11, union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone for several road development and repair works for 576km worth rs5,356 crore in chandrapur district alone.
;;0.0;;the total length of the expressway is 135km, of which the manesar-palwal stretch was inaugurated by union minister nitingadkari gadkari last year.
;;0.0;;the session will kick-off with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurating the technical exhibition at 10am.
;;0.0;;a conference of public works department ministers of all states will be held with gadkari.
;;0.0;;allahabad: union minister nitingadkari gadkari visited kumbh mela and met president of parmarth niketan swami chidanand here on friday.
;;0.7184;;he lauded the efforts of the national mission for clean ganga and was glad to be assured by gadkari that no untreated sewerage would run into the ganga by 2020.
;;0.0;;union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has been pursuing the project at every stage since the beginning.
;;0.0;;she, along with her husband nitingadkari , were seen socializing with the guests.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari had concretized seven major roads during his tenure as guardian minister between 1994 and 1999.
;;0.0;;panaji: the third mandovi bridge will be opened for traffic on january 29, two days after it is inaugurated by union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;gadkari and chief minister manohar parrikar will commission the project on january 27 at 7.
;;0.0;;nhai has already allotted the tender to construct the portion of highway that we handed over today.
;;0.0516;;representatives of around 70,000 flatbuyers along dwarka expressway who are affected by the delay have, meanwhile, met union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal seeking relief.
;;0.3612;;union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari is promoting the shift to electric-vehicles, and chief minister manohar parrikar had also announced that the state wants to be one of the first in the country to shift to the environment-friendly electric vehicles.
;;0.0;;activists in sangli district later named the potholes after union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and patil.
;;0.296;;he also slammed union minister nitingadkari gadkari for being critical of the navy and chided state bjp minister chandrakant patil for praising the kannada language in belgaum, an area at the centre of the maharashtra-karnataka border row.
;;0.0;;the construction of the longest elevated highway in the district, which was expected to start by diwali, has once again been pushed back despite two ministers having separately laid the foundation stones for the project.
;;0.0;;while union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone for the badshapur highway in august 2016, haryana public works department (pwd) minister rao narbir singh did the same in september this year.
;;0.0;;in august 2016, the 95-km stretch on gurugram-alwar highway was given the national highway status, and the project is part of this highway.
;;0.0;;the proposed highway will reduce the travelling time to 15-20 minutes.
;;0.0;;however, union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari defended pms decision, the pm can choose any mode of transportation.
;;0.5574;;considering request of union minister nitingadkari gadkari and nmc standing committee chairman virendra kukreja, fadnavis had increased nmcs gst grant from rs52.
;;0.0;;nagpur: six months after union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari performed bhoomipuja of koradi-godhani-zingabai takli-faras road widening, the project has not moved an inch.
;;0.0;;on may 14 this year, gadkari performed bhoomipuja of the project.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari, rss general secretary bhaiyaji joshi, guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule, local mla malikarjun reddy and kksu vice chancellor shriniwas varakhedi were present.
;;0.0;;referring to gadkari as son-in-law of ramtek, rao urged him to work for development of sanskrit in the region to preserve the indian culture.
;;-0.6369;;new delhi: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday accused the opposition and a section of the media of twisting his statements, a day after he was reported as saying that the leadership should own up to defeat.
;;-0.033;;saying that his view had no political reference, gadkari tweeted, let me make it clear once and for all that conspiracies to create a wedge between me and the bjp leadership will never succeed.
;;0.3612;;earlier, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari felicitated distinguished social workers and doctors like pandit umesh sharma, dr lokendra singh, dr madan kapre, dr bhalchandra subhedar, ram khadse, chandrakant thakar, govindshastri arvikar, jafar kahim, arafat sheikh, gopal thosar, vinayak tumdam, dr ghanshyam mundhda, dr govind upadhyaya, dk pohane, kishan sharma, santosh yadav, dr viren chandak and dr pk deshpande.
;;0.0;;earlier, highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had mooted the proposal of hub and spoke model to deal with the heavy flow of trucks to delhi.
;;0.0;;this phase was proposed be completed before february, so that union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari can inaugurate the project.
;;0.0;;in august 2017, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone of the project.
;;0.34;;meanwhile, bedi wrote to letter to union minister for road transport and highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari urging him to intervene and stop chief minister v narayanasamy from playing politics on road safety.
;;0.8126;;she urged gadkari to issue a clear direction to narayanasamy that his double speak will not be in the interest of road safety and rule of the law.
;;-0.1027;;nagpur: the nagpur universitys (nu) postgraduate hindi department, which would be hosting union minister nitingadkari gadkari and other bjp-rss members on march 2, is not charging any money from the participants during its scientific conference to be held at the costly guru nanak bhavan.
;;-0.3182;;the event is under fire from several quarters and students backed by nationalist youth congress (nyc) who accused kane of helping gadkari in his poll campaign at the cost of public money.
;;0.4588;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari was the chief guest and distributed the prizes.
;;0.0;;shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari wants a greener and cheaper fuel for inland water transport.
;;-0.7506;;fridays clashes had turned parts of pathuriaghata and central avenue into a war zone and cast a shadow on the already fraught relations between the bjp-led centre and the trinamool-led state, prompting the state bjp to demand presidents rule in bengal and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to cancel his visit to bengal global business summit (bgbs), the state governments annual showpiece event, which starts on tuesday.
;;0.4588;;the only exception was highways minister nitingadkari gadkari who, contrary to his usual exuberant self, looked placid, even indifferent.
;;0.0;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had appointed a committee under divisional commissioner to fix the compensation.
;;0.0258;;gadkari in a meeting held in late february backed metros stand.
;;0.1531;;nitin gadkari, minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, recently wrote to chief minister manohar parrikar stating that the central government is a neutral party to the river water dispute among the party states, and therefore, it would be inappropriate for the central government to permit nadkarni to represent a particular state for inter-state river disputes.
;;-0.4215;;mangaluru: a group of dyfi workers from ullal unit donning masks of prime minister narendra modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday performed the mock inauguration of the thokkottu flyover.
;;0.0;;union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal will jointly lay foundation stone of some of these projects on thursday.
;;0.0;;the cm along with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari also inaugurated the beltarodi police station and nagpur peri-urban water supply scheme of maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran (mjp).
;;0.6597;;gadkari in his speech said that he had fulfilled all the promises made to people of nagpur.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 7, 2018prime minister narendra modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: the bjp on tuesday released a list of 40 star campaigners, including prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah , union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, nitingadkari gadkari , up chief minister yogi adityanath, former cm uma bharati and cm shivraj singh chouhan.
;;0.0;;once my son nitingadkari had high fever and i went to a doctor in viramgam, she said.
;;0.6808;;gadkari extended special thanks to both the former congress leaders for their contributions.
;;0.2023;;later speaking on the occasion, union minister nitingadkari gadkari stressed on the need for developing an orange variety which has all the qualities of a table fruit and yet have enough sweetness for processing.
;;0.0;;gadkari suggested that farmers here should come together and form a vidarbha santra utpadak sangh for expediting the export market.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 6, 2019highways minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: the centre will launch half a dozen highway and infrastructure projects worth rs 5,300 crore in ayodhya on friday including the improvement of 84 kosi parikrama marg and the ram van gaman marg.
;;0.2732;;the two projects have religious significance, particularly for pilgrims who visit the holy city in uttar pradesh the foundation stone for all the projects will be laid by highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and up chief minister yogi adityanath .
;;0.0;;this stretch will be developed as a national highway.
;;0.0;;1 km long, four-laned atal setu was opened to public by union minister for road transport and national highways nitingadkari gadkari in presence of parrikar, union ayush minister shripad naik and other ministers from the state.
;;0.5574;;panaji: in his first public appearance after he was diagnosed with pancreatic ailment in february last year, chief minister manohar parrikar inaugurated the third mandovi bridge atal setu, along with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday and called upon the people of the state to have a positive mindset towards development.
;;0.0;;he said as per gadkari, goa required rs 25,000 crore for development works, while the total budget for development works of the state was rs 15,000 crore.
;;0.0;;parrikar said it was vajpayee who after seeing the work of gadkari in maharashtra took him to delhi and asked him to prepare the road map for the country.
;;0.2263;;whatever road works you see in the past five years and during the tenure of vajpayee is part of the road map which was prepared by gadkari, parrikar said.
;;0.0;;i wanted gadkari to announce the name of the bridge, but somebody else declared it, he said.
;;0.0;;nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;muzaffarnagar: union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone of five projects on panipat  nagina section of national highway 709a totaling rs 4,700-crore here on thursday.
;;0.0;;sanjeev baliyan, mp of muzaffarnagar, said, to build a state highway around the muzaffarnagar is my prime task.
;;-0.9022;;local bjp leaders who addressed the gathering before gadkari referred to both pulwama terrorist attack and muzaffarnagar riots in their speeches.
;;0.0;;nitin gadkari who has recently taken over the union water resources ministry was also present.
;;0.0;;cardiologist harshwardhan mardikar examined gadkari thoroughly on saturday morning at his private hospital in dhantoli.
;;-0.8126;;though he refused to divulge much about the medical tests and his consultation citing confidentiality clause, dr mardikar said the medical tests of gadkari did not indicate anything to panic or worry.
;;0.3724;;family sources and staff said some other doctors and medical experts whom gadkari usually consults have also examined him since friday and found nothing wrong with his general health condition.
;;-0.4767;;a nationwide concern was triggered on friday noon after gadkari fainted at the fag end of the convocation function of mahatma phule agriculture university at rahuri in western maharashtra.
;;0.0;;gadkari recovered his poise and continued his schedule that included a visit to saibaba temple at shirdi.
;;0.4019;;after flying back to nagpur by a special plane around 4pm of friday, gadkari stayed at home for some hours and then attended the ongoing khasdar mahotsav.
;;-0.3182;;pimpri chinchwad: with shiv sena maval mp shivajirao adhalrao patil criticising bjp associate mla mahesh landge for taking credit for the centres approval to widen pune-nashik highway, a tug of war has broken out between the two parties.
;;0.6249;;landge had released a press release a week ago claiming that the centre had granted approval for widening of highway due to his constant follow up on the subject.
;;0.6249;;i later followed up with union minister nitingadkari gadkari after the nda government came to power in may 2014 due to which approval was granted in january 2016, patil said.
;;0.3818;;reacting to the criticism, eknath pawar, ruling party leader, pcmc, said, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has approved the project and mla mahesh landge is an associate mla of bjp.
;;0.3818;;we will make efforts to ensure that gadkari performs the bhoomipoojan of the project in bhosari .
;;0.2023;;93 km-long stretch of pune-nashik highway from nashik phata to chandoli in khed taluka will be turned into a six lane to solve traffic congestion.
;;-0.0258;;sources said while the public investment board (pib) has cleared the rrts project costing around rs 32,000 crore, road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday held a meeting with lt governor anil baijal, chief secretary vijay dev and other senior officials from delhi government and highways ministry on expediting tree cutting permission for dwarka expressway.
;;0.6808;;nagpur: with general elections around the corner, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has for the first time since getting elected spoken about his support for a separate state of vidarbha in the run-up to the 2014 lok sabha polls, after which he got elected for the first time as an mp, gadkari was among the four candidates who signed ngo jan manchs declaration supporting statehood.
;;-0.2411;;gadkari, however, did not expand on his statement.
;;-0.3089;;unlike fadnavis who has been very vocal about statehood for vidarbha before he became the cm, gadkari has never voiced his support.
;;-0.465;;even as a member of the legislative council (mlc), gadkari rarely demanded separate vidarbha although he decried the injustice being meted out to the region.
;;-0.2263;;around 2001, gadkari had filed a pil demanding governors allocation for equitable distribution of funds for all regions of the state be followed by the state government.
;;0.6597;;the main reason could be because its ally shiv sena has always rooted for a united maharashtra when asked about statehood, gadkari would always mention the partys commitment towards smaller states.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 29, 2018efforts are being made so that the union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari, could inaugurate the proj.
;;0.0;;efforts are being made so that the union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari could inaugurate the project before lok shabha elections.
;;0.0;;this phase would be completed before february, so that union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari can inaugurate the project, said a senior engineer at jda.
;;-0.4019;;jethmalani who had been critical of the bjp leadership and spoken out against nitingadkari gadkari at the time was expelled from the primary membership of the party for six years on charges of breach of discipline in may 2013.
;;0.0;;efforts are being made so that the union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari could inaugurate the project before lok shabha elections.
;;0.0;;this phase would be completed before february, so that union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari can inaugurate the project, said a senior engineer at jda.
;;0.3182;;after interviews of several prominent people, journalists devendra gawande, shailesh pande and rahul pande will interview gadkari.
;;0.6249;;nitin gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citygurugram: union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on thursday granted approval for the construction of underpasses at vatika chowk and islampur .
;;-0.3612;;islampur village is spread around the highway, and the heavy traffic on the road is often a cause of inconvenience for both the residents of the village and the commuters trying to move across the highway.
;;0.5859;;after successful test run of the seaplane in mumbai on saturday, shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari had announced the government coming out with a policy for this mode of transport in the next three months.
;;0.5859;;gadkari on monday had said that a private player is keen to procure 100 seaplanes and there is huge potential for these planes in india.
;;0.0;;shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari said two feet water will be maintained round the year once the project gets completed.
;;-0.4767;;pune: ncp president sharad pawar said saturday that he was worried about union minister nitingadkari gadkari as he is being projected as a possible alternative to prime minister narendra modi gadkari, a senior bjp leader, was recently in news when he was seen as taking swipes at his party's top leadership after the assembly poll losses in three states.
;;0.4939;;talking to reporters at solapur in maharashtra, pawar said to a question, gadkari is my friend.
;;0.0;;they also met union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari regarding the issue, who suggested the name of chairman of a reputed it bellweather, nu officials said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari would also interact with the visitors.
;;0.0772;;in april this year, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari hinted at plans to make pre-fitted hsnps mandatory for all classes of vehicles.
;;0.0;;union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.2263;;patiala: union minister for road transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stones for two road projects worth rs 746 crore today one each at phagwara in kapurthala district and sri anandpur sahib in roopnagar district of punjab.
;;-0.765;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: in a major announcement, union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on saturday asked road developers in the state to use the mixing of 30  glass, rubber and plastic waste (10  of each component) in bitumen/tar for road works to curb the growing problem of disposable waste and reducing the cost of road works.
;;-0.4215;;two years ago, gadkari permitted the nhai and the state pwd to mix only 8  of plastic waste in bitumen for resurfacing of roads.
;;0.5423;;gadkari, at the inaugural programme of the maharashtra mayors councils 18th meeting held in the city on saturday, requested mayors to adopt the technology in their respective municipal corporations.
;;-0.0772;;gadkari stressed the need to increase number of electric-run buses in public transport for cutting down the fuel import and eco-friendly and cheap public transport.
;;0.4019;;listing out projects executed in the city, gadkari suggested various types of waste to wealth projects to mayors so that they can increase revenue of cash-strapped municipal corporations.
;;0.0;;panaji: union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkari is likely to inaugurate the third mandovi bridge instead of prime minister narendra modi .
;;0.0;;goa state infrastructure development corporation vice-chairman sidharth kuncalienker, said the government has sought an appointment from gadkari to inaugurate the bridge.
;;0.0;;we have asked gadkari to give us an appointment on january 26 or 27, he said.
;;0.0;;he also said that gadkari would convey the date on wednesday.
;;0.0;;gadkari, however, spoke to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal to find a quicker way out so that work could start.
;;0.3612;;gadkari, residents said, assured them that his office will follow up the issue with the delhi government.
;;-0.6369;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has rejected nagpur municipal corporations (nmcs) proposal demanding market rate for cotton market and gol bazar lands from mahametro.
;;0.0;;gadkari held a marathon meeting on seventeen issues of the city in vanamati hall.
;;-0.0258;;on november 11, union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone for several road development and repair works for 576km worth rs5,356 crores in chandrapur district alone, where tadoba is located.
;;0.2168;;nitin gadkari has only made tall promises and has not created any jobs.
;;0.0;;gadkari has set up a branch of all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) but not a single bed is available in it.
;;0.0;;all the ncp leaders exhorted the voters to vote for change in the union and state governments.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 27, 2018union minister nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated the project in 2016 which was planned to build at a budget of around rs 84.
;;-0.4588;;hearing this, anils relative nitingadkari , along with his brother mithun and nephew vishal came out of the house and attacked ashok with knives.
;;0.0;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has organized a meeting of union ministry of housing and urban affairs (mohua) officials next week on nagpur metro phase ii.
;;0.0258;;according to gadkari, the proposal is yet to reach central government.
;;0.0;;unless gadkari takes initiative in getting clearances from various ministries, the project will not come up before union cabinet before general elections are declared, which is expected to happen in february end or early march.
;;0.0;;the pwd minister wants union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to inaugurate, in december, the khandepar bridge being constructed over opa river.
;;0.0;;he said he got a go-ahead from union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in this regard.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 29, 2019the bridge was inaugurated on sunday by union minister nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;1km long cable-stayed bridge , named atal setu, a third such bridge to connect the state capital with north goa, was inaugurated by union minister for roads, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 25, 2019thousands of vehicles, including ambulances, were stranded on the thane-nashik highway on thursday.
;;0.4404;;thane: thousands of motorists and ambulances ferrying patients were stranded on both lanes of thane-nashik highway on thursday, as the state government inaugurated projects to improve mobility in the metropolis.
;;-0.3818;;gadkari is also displeased with nagpur municipal corporations (nmcs) failure to clear the comprehensive mobility plan (cmp) of the city.
;;0.1027;;with the general elections round the corner, gadkari wants to get the project cleared before election code of conduct comes into force.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 31, 2019union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had suggested converting the nmcs aapli bus to cng.
;;0.4215;;already, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has approved funds for widening and asphalting works.
;;-0.0258;;on november 11, highways minister nitingadkari gadkari laid foundation stone and also opened several road development projects of 576km length worth rs5,356 crores in chandrapur district alone.
;;0.4215;;in 2016-17, ministry of road transport & highways (morth) sanctioned national highway works in the state to the tune of rs47,936 crore which are in progress.
;;0.25;;speaking about the governments ambitious highway project, union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said that in two and a half years, there will be a six-lane highway from the national capital to the financial capital, which would cut down delhi-mumbai road travel to 12 hours.
;;0.2263;;that will hit their business and people will mend their behaviour, said road transport secretary y s malik while addressing an event on safe roads by industry body assocham union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had recently told toithat his ministry will come out with policy making it mandatory for trucks to cover the loose items (pre-cover arrangement) they carry to check air pollution in urban areas.
;;0.0;;the petitioner also claimed that on wednesday itself when guptas elder brother nitingadkari went to the dri office, he was told about his being shifted to a lodhi road hospital.
;;-0.5423;;when nitingadkari reached the hospital, he saw his brother on a stretcher and torture marks on his body, the petitioner alleged.
;;0.128;;the new projects to be launched include the construction of an underpass and an elevated highway on sohna-alwar road and a metro line between huda city centre and subhash chowk.
;;0.3612;;announcing the projects during a meet with residents in sector 48, gurgaon, on saturday, pwd minister rao narbir singh said, the three underpasses on delhi-gurgaon expressway are to be completed soon and will ease traffic congestion on the highway.
;;0.0;;the work on the elevated highway near village tikri nitingadkari gadkari will begin by march.
;;0.3612;;the 3-km elevated highway will ease traffic movement on sohna road.
;;0.4019;;he said recent statements of bjp union minister nitingadkari gadkari indicated that bjp leaders are disenchanted with the leadership and would desert the party.
;;0.0;;shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari said two feet water will be maintained round the year once the project gets completed.
;;0.1531;;mumbai: the state congress , led by former chief minister ashok chavan , on friday asked transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to tender an unconditional apology for his remarks against the defence forces.
;;0.2023;;at an event organized by the mumbai port trust on thursday, gadkari had obliquely criticized the indian navy for its objection to the construction of floating jetty at malabar hill .
;;-0.4019;;gadkari had observed that the navy was putting road blocks before development projects, and under such circumstances, no land will be given to the defence forces in south mumbai.
;;0.6705;;sawant said it was time cm devendra fadnavis conducted a discreet probe into the floatel proposal and why gadkari was taking keen interest in the project.
;;0.0;;following formal announcement of pm's visit to inaugurate these two mega projects by union minister nitingadkari gadkari through a tweet on saturday, district magistrate surendra singh also confirmed to have received verbal intimation of the proposed visit of modi on november 12.
;;-0.0258;;sources said while the public investment board (pib) has cleared the rrts project costing around rs 32,000 crore, road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday held a meeting with lg anil baijal, chief secretary vijay dev and other senior officials from delhi government and highways ministry on expediting tree cutting permission for dwarka expressway.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari, inaugurated 18th convention of maharashtra mayors council at vanamati on saturday.
;;0.0;;even gadkari has chalked out a plan to convert the entire mobility into electric and biofuel by 2030, he said.
;;0.0;;gadkari suggested mayors and corporators to think about increasing revenue more than expenditure.
;;0.0;;her father nitingadkari and mother jayshree finally found a calling for the hyperactive girl when they enrolled her in a rhythmic gymnastics class at the state-government dharavi sports complex dsc ).
;;0.0;;bjp president amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, and union ministers nirmala sitharaman and nitingadkari gadkari will be participating in the meeting.
;;0.0;;the public meeting will be held in a 21-acre private land owned by a conventional hall owner on salem-kochi highway at pudhupalayam pirivu in perumanallur panchayat, which is one of the drought-affected areas.
;;0.0;;mumbai: union roads minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday said the government will be soon announcing a policy which calls for 15 per cent blending of methanol in petrol to make it cheaper and also reduce pollution.
;;0.1027;;gadkari expressed concern over the speed of projects under the defence ministry-led borders roads organisation and added that his ministry has started the the national highways and infrastructure development corporation for the same.
;;-0.1027;;ludhiana: due to the delay in the completion of six-lane project on national highway 44 (panipat to delhi), the deputy commissioner (dc) pardeep agrawal will recommend action against private company soma isolux by stopping toll tax collection by the company.
;;0.4939;;in the meeting of unified metropolitan transport authority (umta) on saturday, the issue of incomplete portion of bridges on national highway was raised and the deputy commissioner claimed he will write against the company to national highway authority of india (nhai) and ministry of road transport and highways for action.
;;-0.4767;;recently, even the sad district president ranjit dhillon had submitted a letter to union minister nitingadkari gadkari over this issue.
;;-0.2732;;in the letter to gadkari, it was mentioned that there has been no progress in the project at various points passing through ludhiana, including the bridges from giaspura to basti jodhewal due to which people face a lot of traffic problems.
;;0.0;;rajkot: waterways transport in india is all set for a revolution and has potential to bring down logistics cost by 4  that will propel exports by 30 , union minister for shipping, road transport and water resources nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday.
;;0.0;;gadkari kicked off container corporation of indias (concor) maiden containers voyage through coastal shipping from kandla to tuticorin port via mangalore and cochin through video conferencing here.
;;0.0;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mlc anil sole, mla sudhakar kohale, anand raut, madhur pande, sanjay gupta and micky arora were present, besides thousands of spectators, at the event titled fusion.
;;0.0;;gadkari, a former bjp president, also spoke about his stint as maharashtra 's pwd minister when the shiv sena-bjp government was in power (1995-99) in the state.
;;0.4019;;from bjp president amit shah to senior minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister of up yogi adityanath, the leaders will interact with party functionaries and address public meetings.
;;-0.1027;;highways minister nitingadkari gadkari last week rejected the option suggested by a consultancy firm, which was engaged by his ministry, to increase user fee for these vehicles citing that the charges are higher in other countries.
;;0.0772;;the national highways authority of india (nhai) is constructing 100 bridge-cum-check dams in the state on the orders of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari .
;;0.4019;;new delhi: after last years row over rahul gandhis seating, the congress president was accorded a front row placement at saturdays republic day parade next to minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari with whom he could be seen engaged in cordial discussion.
;;0.0;;however, there seems to have been a re-look at arrangements and rahul was on the front row with gadkari.
;;0.8225;;ponda: there is relief for light vehicles and two-wheelers as union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has agreed to allow them to continue using the goa-karnataka national highway 4a stretch from ramnagar to goa border at anmod until an alternative road is ready for use.
;;0.2732;;speaking to toi from nagpur, pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar said gadkari has agreed to make the forest road between mollem and khanapur motorable before taking up the work of upgrading the 9km stretch between ramnagar and anmod.
;;0.1689;;dhavalikar said he spoke to gadkari about several other pending proposals and most have been cleared by the union minister.
;;-0.2263;;locals and motorists had been demanding that the alternative road should be repaired before closing the national highway.
;;0.0;;while satish and devender used to look for customers in punjab, gopal used to tie-up with ultrasound clinics to carry out the procedure, while nitingadkari used to take the customers to the clinic.
;;-0.2411;;nagpur: congress has flayed union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for not fulfilling his promise of shifting the mansar toll plaza to manegaon.
;;0.3182;;gadkari had made the same promise in 2015 too.
;;0.2263;;he questioned the sincerity of gadkari in fulfilling his promise.
;;-0.4404;;the state bjp demanded presidents rule in bengal and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari cancelled his visit to the bengal governments annual showpiece event, the bengal global business summit, which starts next tuesday.
;;0.0;;union minister gadkari will not be coming for the bgbs.
;;0.4019;;gadkari further added the phd and dlit degrees will become redundant if students have the right technical knowledge to support their careers.
;;0.4939;;gadkari was addressing an enthusiastic gathering of students and alumni at the golden jubilee celebration of dr madhukarrao wasnik pws arts and commerce college at their kamptee road premises on tuesday morning.
;;0.3612;;gadkari spoke about the necessity of skill development in students with view of satisfying the increasing demand of professionals in mihan.
;;0.0;;for this, students skills need to be developed and polished, said gadkari.
;;0.0;;by the end of his speech, gadkari recalled a few light hearted stories from his college days and advised students to hold on to their bonds.
;;0.0;;police have been asked to make arrangements to patrol the highway.
;;0.0;;the 52km manesar-palwal stretch was inaugurated last year by union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.25;;in a recent interview with toi, union minister nitingadkari gadkari had stated that the musical fountain at telangkhedi lake was his dream project.
;;0.0772;;gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis want the commercial run to be flagged off by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.25;;the deadline has been advanced by a month on directives of gadkari and fadnavis, he said.
;;0.4404;;gadkari used his good offices with railway minister piyush goyal to get the research design and standards organization (rdso) certificate issued in three days.
;;0.5423;;union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari will confer the award on district collector k mohammed y safirulla at constitutional club, delhi, on monday.
;;0.0;;nagpur: the inter-modal station (ims) at ajni, a pet project of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari , is all set for take off with standing finance committee of union ministry of road transport and highways (morth) sanctioning rs1,000 crore for it on friday.
;;0.0;;the orange city has been chosen due to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari while varanasi is prime minister narendra modis constituency.
;;0.4767;;new delhi: upa chairperson sonia gandhi and her congress colleague mallikarjun kharge on thursday joined bjp members in applauding nitingadkari gadkari for his performance as union road transport and highways minister.
;;0.8442;;soon after gadkari completed his reply during question hour amid thumping of desks by bjp members, party mp from madhya pradesh ganesh singh stood up and suggested to the speaker that the house should appreciate the wonderful work being carried out by the minister.
;;0.7783;;at this, sonia, who all through was patiently listening to gadkari and was often seen nodding in response to his replies, smiled and started thumping the desk as a sign of appreciation.
;;0.7506;;although sonia and kharge displayed their appreciation in response to an appeal by ganesh singh, their gesture may not be seen solely through the non-partisan prism because of congresss attempt to prop up gadkari as a counterweight to pm narendra modi the adulation of congress leaders followed rahul gandhi certifying gadkari as a man of courage as well as congress pouncing upon the ministers statements to embarrass the modi government and the bjp leadership.
;;0.34;;congresss interest in gadkari has failed to amuse the minister who was seen chatting animatedly with rahul during the r-day parade.
;;-0.4019;;after receiving several complaints from the industrialists who travel to riico industrial area, bagru, daily and other residents, jaipur mp ramcharan bohra met union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari regarding the same issue.
;;0.8807;;the awards ceremony would be held on february 25 in new delhi where union minister nitingadkari gadkari will honour baran district collector with the award.
;;0.6908;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari in a meeting held at nmc on sunday assured to take up ntpc agreement issue with union minister of state (independent charge) rk singh.
;;0.2732;;gadkari had planned the entire nmc initiatives to supply treated sewage for power generation, and the agreements with mahagenco.
;;0.0;;however, union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari defended prime ministers decision, the pm can choose any mode of transportation.
;;0.5719;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis want to gain maximum political mileage from commissioning of nagpur metro.
;;0.3818;;gadkari has requested railway minister piyush goyal to ensure that mahametro gets rdso and cmrs certificates as soon as possible.
;;0.0;;2km is an elevated highway alongside the beach.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 28, 2019file photo of nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.8225;;mumbai: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday said political leaders who sell dreams to people but fail to make them a reality get beaten up by public.
;;0.0;;gadkari was speaking at a function to induct actor isha koppikar into bjp.
;;0.4019;;from bjp president amit shah to senior minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister of up yogi adityanath, the leaders will interact with party functionaries and address public meetings.
;;0.0;;union minister of road transport and highways, shipping nitingadkari gadkari would interact with the booth level workers from chennai south, chennai north, chennai central and sriperumbudur constituencies on february 15.
;;0.0;;the programme was inaugurated by chairman of lokmat media vijay darda and wife of union minister nitingadkari gadkari , kanchan.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendra fadnavis, union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule would be present.
;;0.4404;;union minister for transport nitingadkari gadkari, air marshall shirish baban deo, rss nagpur mahanagar sanghchalak rajesh loya, manmohan agrawal from dainik bhaskar, former mp ajay sancheti, mla sudhakar deshmukh, mlc parinay fuke were among the esteemed guests.
;;0.5859;;the cast list boasts of 350 actors including vinod raut who played the lead role of vajpayee, lata kanhate played indira gandhi, vishnu shrivastava as nitingadkari gadkari, gs khwaja as lk advani, ghanshyam mehta as prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;through a video conferencing, the first import container was jointly flagged off by union minister for shipping, road ways and water resources nitingadkari gadkari, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami, minister of state for road transport and highways, shipping, chemical and fertilizers mansukh l mandaviya and minister of state for shipping and finance pon radhakrishnan.
;;0.0;;nitin gadkari affirmed that the call of the first mainline container vessel will be a game-changer in container traffic in south india.
;;-0.25;;the inauguration by union minister nitingadkari gadkari was deferred twice due to agitation by mining dependants.
;;0.4215;;stating that he wanted the bridge to be opened by gadkari, dhavalikar said the union minister and mandviya have approved rs 15,000 crore for local development.
;;0.34;;written and directed by mahendra mahadik, the 3 hour play will be inaugurated by union home minister rajnath singh in the presence of union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis on dec 22 at 5pm.
;;0.0;;the chief minister briefed the cabinet about his meeting with union minister nitingadkari gadkari on the polavaram impasse.
;;0.0258;;on gadkaris statement, mahadeshwar, in the press conference held after the convention, said, i was confused whether gadkari was giving such advice to me or pm (narendra modi) or cm (fadnavis).
;;0.0;;gadkari slammed the nmc for shutting down green bus project.
;;-0.4215;;gadkari plans eco-friendly devp of 350 playgroundsunion minister nitingadkari gadkari said he has planned to develop 350 playgrounds across the city in an eco-friendly manner, that too by using waste.
;;0.5106;;kukreja expressed gratitude towards fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari for the hike.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 15, 2019file photo of union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4767;;the approval came during a meeting between state minister for public works sajjan singh verma and union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on thursday to discuss pending issues under national highways.
;;0.0;;geete, without naming gadkari, said, we have to move forward in a phased manner.
;;0.0;;kanchan gadkari, wife of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, concluded the exhibition at a programme.
;;0.0;;gadkari had inaugurated the exhibition on january 6.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 31, 2019nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;speculations are rife that union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari would lay the foundation stone for the project, before the lok sabha elections.
;;0.4215;;this story is from november 11, 2018with the inauguration of the babatpur airport highway, coming to varanasi just got easier.
;;0.0;;the babatpur airport highway will link varanasi to the airport and go on to link jaunpur, sultanpur and lucknow.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 7, 2019minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources nitingadkari gadkari addressing media personsmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;mumbai: bjp ally shiv sena mp sanjay raut claimed sunday the country was heading for a fractured mandate, and union minister nitingadkari gadkari would be waiting for such an eventuality.
;;-0.6486;;while senior leaders in the bjp are worried about its possible poor performance in coming elections, nitingadkari gadkari's statements are an indication of which way the winds are blowing.
;;0.765;;a leader like gadkari has equal acceptance in the rss as well as among other bjp leaders, raut said.
;;0.2023;;that memory still rankles with gadkari, raut saidgadkari is now waiting for the hung lok sabha of 2019, raut added, suggesting, indirectly, that in that case the union minister could become the consensus candidate for the top post.
;;-0.4215;;even as nhai is struggling to complete the project, nagpur east mla krishna khopade has appealed to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to make it a 10 lane structure.
;;0.0;;fadnavis and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari were in gadchiroli for the inauguration of new building of agriculture college, public dedication of newly built bridge on kathani river and sub-divisional transport office in gadchiroli.
;;-0.34;;gadkari stressed on development of water transport in the mumbai metropolitan region.
;;-0.7096;;this story is from january 25, 2019bumpy ride: the protesters put up posters mocking union minister nitingadkari gadkari for delay in executing the six-.
;;-0.5106;;chennai: irked over the inordinate delay in the six-laning of the national highway 4, members of the tamil nadu state sand lorry owners federation in a sign of protest, on thursday attempted to repair a battered section of the road between vanagaram and poonamallee.
;;0.1655;;the protesters put up posters with caricatures of union minister for road transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari emerging from a pothole, moneybag in hand, reading, we paid crores but where are the roads?
;;0.0;;you call this a highway?
;;0.0;;this story is from december 3, 2018union minister nitingadkari gadkari had sanctioned funds for the project under central road fund (crf)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari had sanctioned funds for the project under central road fund (crf).
;;0.0;;fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari will be chief guests.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 28, 2018file photo of nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on saturday said 10 methanol-run buses would be gifted each to mumbai, navi mumbai, pune and guwahati as a pilot project.
;;-0.4215;;two years back, gadkari permitted nhai and state pwd to mix only 8  of plastic waste in bitumen for resurfacing roads.
;;0.4939;;chief minister amarinder singh on saturday again took up the matter with union highway minister nitingadkari gadkari, urging him to consider project approval at the earliest.
;;0.2732;;earlier on september 4, both the chief ministers of punjab as well as haryana in a meeting with gadkari at delhi had discussed the proposed alignment of the expressway as it would pass through both the states.
;;0.5859;;though union minister for road transport and highway, nitingadkari gadkari, promised to explore the possibility of the alternative alignment, this notification has proved the promise was not kept, said local resident suresh keezhattur, who is at the forefront of the campaign by vayalkkilikal.
;;0.4767;;shimla: chief minister jai ram thakur met union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on thursday and requested for in-principle approval for declaration of 53 state roads as national highways, for which alignments have already been submitted to the ministry.
;;0.5423;;thakur apprised gadkari about slow progress of four-laning work on the kalka-solan nh project, saying it is causing traffic congestion and inconvenience to tourists.
;;0.8176;;panaji: in a letter to prime minister narendra modi and union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari, the congress has suggested that the cable-stayed mandovi bridge and the under-construction zuari bridge be named after goas first chief minister dayanand bandodkar and goas first opposition leader dr jack de sequeiranaming the new bridges after such eminent goans would be the perfect way for goans to connect to their past as well as help future generations recall history, said opposition leader chandrakant kavlekar.
;;0.0;;union minister rajnath singh , nitingadkari gadkari and smriti irani are slated to campaign in the state in the coming days.
;;0.743;;and a certain person called nitingadkari gadkari would love to hear the answer.
;;0.0;;as things turned out, rsss choice in 2009 turned out to be an outsider, nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.1779;;paying rich tributes to rajju bhaiyya, gadkari remembered nuclear scientist homi bhabhas lament that country had lost a scientist in rajju bhaiyya, who gave up his academic life as a physicist to dedicate his life to nation building through rss.
;;0.0;;we are making a 12-lane express highway between delhi and mumbai which will be access controlled.
;;0.4019;;the new term, publicly used by rao to denote the nagpur-based rss, took even the dignitaries by surprise, including union minister nitingadkari gadkari and rss general secretary bhaiyaji joshi, both one-time pracharaks.
;;0.1027;;a week after the announcement, i wrote to many leaders including union minister of roads transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari , defence minister nirmala sitharaman, civil aviation minister suresh prabhu , minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha and chief minister devendra fadnavis .
;;0.0;;lucknow: water transport would start from varanasi to allahabad before the beginning of kumbh in 2019, said union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on thursday.
;;-0.4019;;the minister said that rs 156 crore had been given to nhai three weeks ago to sort out problems on rae bareli-allahabad highway.
;;0.0;;rudys plea to gadkari: former union minister rajiv pratap rudy on monday called on union minister for road transport and national highways nitingadkari gadkari at his official residence in new delhi and pleaded for the conversion of the 150km road between sonepur and manjhi into national highway.
;;0.0;;in his communiqu, rudy said he met gadkari along with another bjp mp sanjay jaiswal and submitted the plea on behalf of other mps from the area  union minister radha mohan singh , janardan singh sigriwal, om prakash yadav, ajay nishad and janak ram.
;;0.3612;;rudy said its conversion into national highway had strategic importance.
;;0.2732;;in a letter sent to the union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari , tharoor expressed his protest against the move of national highway authority of india (nhai) to legally challenge the increased compensation ordered by the arbitrator.
;;-0.6249;;criticizing the past government, fadnavis recalled how the congress-led government  which despite tom-tomming about garibi hatao slogan  ignored his and gadkaris many attempts to provide ownership rights to the dwellers.
;;0.6808;;both gadkari and fadnavis have jointly appealed citizens to cooperate with the nagpur municipal corporation to keep city clean and improve nagpurs ranking in swachh bharat survey.
;;0.8176;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari has promised the chief minister to open it in january, and the state retains faith on that, he said, adding that there would not be any shortcomings on the part of the state with regards to the nh widening.
;;0.7003;;read moremore flashpointsdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: nitingadkari gadkari was speaking in a lighter vein when he said recently that bjp would earlier make tall promises thinking it would never come to power, but there are those in maharashtra who think the partys generous assurances in 2014 of quotas for marathas, dhangars and other sundry groups in the state may actually be behind the upsurge in caste tensions in four years of the devendra fadnavis regime.
;;-0.5994;;dr nitingadkari lata waman, a social activist, said, the marginalised sections are feeling insecure due to a hostile environment and the governments nonprotective attitude.
;;0.0;;at nbss, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari was the chief guest along with dr anil bonde, bjp mla from morshi in amravati district.
;;0.4588;;speaking before the webcast of gorakhpur event, gadkari listed out measures taken by the government for farmers benefit.
;;0.0;;industrialists said they are exploring the possibility of meeting union minister for roads, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari to put some sense in to the contractor.
;;-0.34;;in fact theres a war going on in bjp and cabinet ministers like nitingadkari gadkari give bytes to media.
;;0.1531;;while highways minister nitingadkari gadkari steered clear of making any accusation against the city government, bjp mps cited how the rtr flyover was progressing at snails pace and the pwd-maintained roads were dotted with pothole.
;;-0.0772;;this story is from december 2, 2018nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: with an aim of solving parking problems at the railway station, the mahametro has planned to make an arrangement of parking 800 vehicles, 400 each of two and four wheelers, on two lands that is now under the possession of the maharashtra road transport corporation (msrtc) and madhya pradesh state road transport (mpsrtc).
;;0.8271;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said he will try his level best to upgrade laxminarayan institute of technology (lit) as the education imparted here is of top quality and therefore needed to be given a boost.
;;0.0;;gadkari felicitated madhukar patil, 96, the oldest alumnus of lit, on the occasion.
;;0.128;;a documentary showing journey of the college was presented after which newsletter of the institution was launched by gadkari and guests.
;;-0.296;;chaturvedi found there was no one to back his claim for a ticket to nitingadkari , a congress politician close to chaturvedi said.
;;-0.4404;;a former national general secretary of sp, agarwal joined bjp on monday with his son nitingadkari , sp mla, after he was denied a ticket to the rajya sabha.
;;-0.25;;the long-standing dispute over allocation of water in the ken-betwa river linkage project between madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh was resolved at a recent meeting chaired by nitingadkari gadkari in delhi.
;;0.0;;gadkari, who took over as water resources minister on september 3, had invited madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and his uttar pradesh counterpart yogi adityanath for a meeting to settle the issue.
;;0.0;;after gadkari got additional charge of water resources, he tackled the ken-betwa imbroglio on a priority basis.
;;0.3612;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari too assured to talk to mp government for release of water, he said.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari and others will be present.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 8, 2019ex-mla ashish deshmukh wondered if union minister nitingadkari gadkari would approve of rahul gandhis leadership and.
;;-0.5994;;he pointed out that the bjp, to which gadkari belongs, and prime minister narendra modi lose no opportunity to speak ill of the gandhi-nehru dynasty.
;;-0.5267;;desperate to be in the news himself, deshmukh wondered if gadkari would also approve of rahul gandhis leadership and accept the stand taken by the congress president on rafale scam.
;;0.4019;;its time gadkari explains his position clearly, said deshmukh, adding that he was just voicing the concerns of people of nagpur.
;;0.2023;;now, he has been made an ordinary member of the committee tasked with interacting with ngos, said deshmukh, who is fancying chances of contesting against gadkari from the city in the coming elections.
;;0.0;;this time, gadkari wants to get the metro inaugurated at the hands of prime minister narendra modi before the general elections are declared and hence he is getting the process fast-forwarded.
;;0.0;;on saturday evening, angriya, the countrys first domestic cruise service, was inaugurated by union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis at victoria docks.
;;0.4019;;bjp leaders, from chief minister devendra fadnavis, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to state power minister chandrashekhar bawankule and city bjp president sudhakar kohale said the budget would boost economy by driving rural consumption and increasing disposable incomes of salaried class.
;;0.0;;this includes signatures of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, madhya pradesh governor anandi ben patel, film actor sanjay mishra, actress lubna salim, filmmakers madhur bhandarkar, subash ghai and abhinav kashyuap among many others.
;;0.4767;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari will felicitate winners on february 25 in new delhi, indore zila panchayat ceo neha meena told toi.
;;0.0;;new delhi: union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday asked water research institutions to show result of their studies on the ground or face closure.
;;0.2263;;bagaha/motihari/patna: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday inaugurated and laid the foundation stones for national highways and waterways projects worth more than rs 3,411 crore in bihar.
;;0.0;;gadkari also laid the foundation for widening of the 37km-long manuwapul to yogpatti-nawalpur-ratwal chowk road, which will cost rs128.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, gadkari expressed concern over sugar cane industries in west champaran.
;;0.2263;;gadkari also laid the foundation for projects worth rs2,540 crore on the concluding day of kisan kumbh at motihari gandhi maidan in east champaran district.
;;0.2263;;in another event at raxaul , gadkari inaugurated and laid the foundation for projects worth rs505 crore.
;;-0.875;;new delhi: a day after he raised eyebrows with his observation that calling vijay mallya a thief for committing a fraud was unfair, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday claimed that his statements have been taken out of context.
;;0.0;;he said union minister nitingadkari gadkari had laid the foundation stone for kollam bypass.
;;0.9468;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will felicitate nine outstanding litians with jewel of lit awards, sponsored by awesome products inc, usa, a company promoted by loksarang hardas who graduated from lit in 1982.
;;0.3612;;union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari, at a meeting with kumaraswamy, reportedly assured the chief minister that he would convene a meeting of all riparian states on mekedatu.
;;0.4019;;speaking to reporters after meeting the pm, kumaraswamy said: i have requested gadkari to convene a meeting of chief ministers of the two states to resolve the matter.
;;0.128;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari recently launched a website www.
;;0.3818;;more than a decade ago the then rss chief ks sudarshan had mooted the concept of ethanol mixing in india and asked gadkari to promote it.
;;0.0;;gadkari wants to tell people that higher ethanol content in vehicular fuel is possible.
;;-0.0531;;this story is from november 18, 2018gadkari: rbi circulars creating problemsunion minister nitingadkari gadkari has said his experience during his interaction with rbi was not good.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 8, 2018union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.8689;;mumbai: angry over the bad conditions of roads in the country, union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on thursday evening threatened to run a bulldozer over contractors.
;;0.6249;;faizabad/allahabad: union minister nitingadkari gadkari announced a bonanza for ayodhya on friday by laying foundation of projects worth rs 7,195 crore and said the holy city's lifeline saryu will be well linked with ganga in kashi and the waterways network will straddle haldia in west bengal, bangladesh and also myanmar gadkari, who is union minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, claimed transportation of commodities through waterways would cost less compared to rail and air traffic and create more jobs.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on saturday claimed that people would be able to drink yamuna water after one and a half years because of steps being taken to make the river clean and ensure its incessant flow.
;;0.0;;bjp chief amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, nitingadkari gadkari and piyush goyal, uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath and former cm shivraj singh chouhan were depicted as the other heads of ravana.
;;0.0;;his comments on thursday#watch union min nitingadkari gadkari says,nirnay kewal mere dept ka nahi hai, sarkar aur pm ke level pe nirnay hoga par https://t.
;;-0.9145;;new delhi: water resources minister and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari on friday stepped up pressure on pakistan , saying he had asked the ministry to explore options that could block even the neighbours share of waters from the indus system as terrorism and business-as-usual could not go hand in hand.
;;0.4019;;gadkari was addressing a mammoth gathering of party workers at the political capital of himachal pradesh.
;;0.6808;;gadkari also hinted at his leaning towards former chief minister and bjp mp shanta kumar, when he fondly reminisced about how he was just a student and a common party worker when he met shanta kumar.
;;0.0;;of flying buses and sea planesunion minister gadkari, referring to his recent visit to foreign nations, where he came across technologies such as flying buses, said that there are 25 new modes of transport and that a presentation was made to chief minister jairam thakur in this regard, as most of them are suitable for hilly regions.
;;0.4019;;he, however, added that in such a scenario, if nitingadkari gadkari emerges as the pm face, the sena will support him.
;;0.0;;according to central railway, gadkari will dedicate a 100-feet monumental national flag at the west side of the station at 11am.
;;0.0;;gadkari will commission escalators on platform nos.
;;0.0;;gadkari will also dedicate 47km broad gauge line between itwari and kelwad.
;;0.0;;after refusal by union railway minister piyush goyal, nu authorities spent sleepless nights in search of a chief guest, and were close to settling on union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.2023;;the stalled issue of railway line hogged limelight after a meeting between union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and railway minister piyush goyal on june 18, 2018 at delhi.
;;0.25;;speaking about the governments ambitious highway project, union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said that in two and a half years, there will be a six-lane highway from the national capital to the financial capital, which would cut down delhi-mumbai road travel to 12 hours.
;;0.4019;;the party on friday released a list of 40 star campaigners, which also included veteran film actress and mp hema malini, haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, union ministers sushma swaraj, rajnath singh, prakash javadekar, nitingadkari gadkari, piyush goyal, smriti irani and v k singh, among others.
;;0.0;;nagpur: a unique 3-day educative health exhibition titled kutuhal was inaugurated by union minister nitingadkari gadkari and mayor nanda jichkar, on saturday.
;;0.4019;;ziro: providing a fillip to connectivity in the strategically important arunachal pradesh , union minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday laid the foundation of national highway projects worth rs 9,533 crore.
;;0.0;;the union minister for road transport and highways, accompanied by union minister of state for home kiren rijiju and chief minister pema khandu , laid the foundation for a 472-km stretch of national highway, re-launched a project for two-laning a section of nh-229 under the trans arunachal highway project, and laid the foundations of two projects for expansion of three stretches on the nh-313 into two-lane highways.
;;0.5994;;the josh was high all around and bjps man of the moment, goyal, who took charge as finance minister less than two weeks ago, received congratulations from cabinet colleagues nitingadkari gadkari and sushma swaraj and bjp veteran lk advani.
;;0.296;;the central government is a neutral party to inter-river water disputes among party states, and, therefore, it would be inappropriate for the centre to permit the additional solicitor general to represent a particular state for inter-state river disputes, union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari stated in a letter to parrikar.
;;0.3818;;she said union minister nitingadkari gadkari had already made it clear that funds would be released once the punjab government acquired land for the same.
;;0.9287;;asked if he would like his close friend nitingadkari gadkari to be the prime minister after 2019 elections, athawale in his inimitable style said, gadkari is my good friend and has made a mark with his good work in the government.
;;0.5994;;new delhi: the centre will launch half a dozen highway and infrastructure projects worth rs 5,300 crore in ayodhya on friday including the improvement of 84 kosi parikrama marg and the ram van gaman marg.
;;0.2732;;the two projects have religious significance, particularly for pilgrims who visit the holy city in uttar pradesh the foundation stone for all the projects will be laid by highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and uttar pradeshchief minister yogi adityanath .
;;0.0;;this stretch will be developed as a national highway.
;;0.4019;;bjp is thus working on a plan b to find out another face from nitingadkari gadkari or rajnath singh with the support of bjp's b-team members, namely mamata banerjee, chandrababu naidu and k chandrasekhar rao, mannan said.
;;0.0;;gadkari to hold review meet on dec 19union minister nitingadkari gadkari has convened a review meeting of various ongoing development works in the nagpur municipal corporations headquarters on december 19.
;;0.0;;patna: union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on monday said the centre would consider the states proposal for a four-lane elevated road from anisabad to aiims-patna via phulwarisharif.
;;0.0;;gadkari also gave his ministrys nod to the state governments proposal for alignment of patna ring road.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 22, 2018athletics coach bhau kane being feted by nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4019;;nagpur: thirteen people from vidarbha, who devoted life for the betterment of the society, were felicitated with atal samman by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari at a function organized by amrutdhara at suresh bhat hall, reshimbagh, on thursday.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari, nagpur guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, city mayor nandatai jichkar, joint director of dmer dr prakash wakode, mla north nagpur dr milind mane, viral kamdar, dr vivek pakhmode and gdch dean dr sindhu ganvir were also present on the occasion.
;;0.0;;the filling up of these posts would enable nu to receive deemed university status for lit, as suggested by union minister nitingadkari gadkari however, a senior nu official told toi that it was impossible to fill up all the posts within such short period.
;;0.127;;fadnavis and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari have resigned themselves to the fact that nmc will not pay its cash share of rs70 crore to mahametro.
;;-0.3182;;there seems to be lack of coordination between gadkari and nmc office-bearers.
;;0.6369;;bhoyar added union minister nitingadkari gadkari assured to approve funds for construction of a special track for morning walkers along old airport road.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 11, 2019union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;gurugram: a meeting was held between union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar in delhi late on thursday evening at the formers residence to discuss various road projects in the state.
;;0.296;;gadkari reportedly directed mudgal to cancel the lease of msrtc and mpsrtc and hand over the land for the project and railway stations expansion.
;;0.0;;sources said gadkari also given directives to revise futala lake redevelopment project being planned by the mahametro.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 24, 2018union minister nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.1531;;chennai: union minister for road transport & highways, shipping and water resources, nitingadkari gadkari reached out to tamil nadu mps, from both aiadmk and dmk, through a letter and urged them to withdraw the protest in the parliament over the mekedatu dam issue.
;;0.34;;citing the ongoing protest of the mps, representing the ruling and opposition parties in tamil nadu, in the parliament over the mekedatu issue since the start of the session, gadkari urged them to withdraw the protest and also invited the floor leaders and mps from both the parties for a discussion on the issue.
;;0.6124;;gadkari, in the letter, stated that the union government was fully conscious of the interest of the farmers of the cauvery delta and it will not permit any action to be taken which will go against their interests.
;;0.4404;;union minister for road transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari, had said that these twin towers should rival the eiffel tower in paris in fame.
;;0.6808;;the rs 100 crore project will be a big relief for hundreds of citizens of east nagpur and also ease traffic on the national highway.
;;0.0;;for decades, vendors of vegetable, meat, groceries, etc have been doing business on both sides of the national highway from pardi village to gomti hotel square.
;;0.4215;;city mp and union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari has approved rs 15 crore for construction of the market in rs 665 crore pardi flyover project.
;;0.0;;tirupur: tirupur aiadmk mp v sathyabama submitted a petition to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on friday seeking to build road over bridges (robs) at major junctions on the nh544 running through salem-kochi-kanyakumari stretch.
;;0.0;;bengaluru: the government on wednesday said work on the much-delayed, eight-laning of bengaluru-mysuru highway will commence in january.
;;0.5267;;public works minister hc mahadevappa said union minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari had responded positively to the states request to expedite work.
;;0.765;;nagpur: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday hailed the supreme court verdict on the rafale deal and said it proved that allegations levelled by opposition parties had no substance.
;;0.3818;;gadkari hoped this would pave way for generating more jobs for youth of the city and region.
;;-0.128;;gadkari had even raised the demand in his speeches at public meetings where cm was present.
;;0.5719;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will be the guest of honour.
;;0.2023;;for instance, according to bjp leaders, when he bypassed fadnavis and opened a dialogue with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, he found himself being coldshouldered by bjp top brass.
;;0.3612;;this story is from october 30, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has assured that the toll plaza at mansar would be shifted towards khawasa.
;;-0.4019;;guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule had met gadkari with road problems of the district in delhi.
;;0.2732;;gadkari also agreed to shift the patansaogi toll plaza towards betul.
;;0.0772;;gadkari directed officials of national highways authority of india (nhai) to construct highways till the town centre instead of municipal limits.
;;0.3612;;gadkari promised to sanction amount for remedial measures.
;;-0.4767;;he also directed nhai officials to determine the accident prone spots on nagpur-chhindwada highway and constructed flyovers there.
;;0.0;;krishna lived with her son nitingadkari , his wife geeta and their children.
;;0.0;;geeta and the children were out of town while nitingadkari was in office.
;;0.0;;rani informed nitingadkari who informed police.
;;0.0;;usually vocal, sidhu refrained from citing any reason about his absence or even acknowledging if he was sidelined or deliberately kept out of the function for 'political reasons', where besides vice-president venkaiah naidu, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, union minister of food processing harsimrat kaur badal and punjab chief minister amarinder singh were present.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone was laid by union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari but an objection was filed and the union ministry of environment and forests had not given the clearance.
;;0.5106;;meanwhile, ambedkar said the fact that sonia gandhi appreciated nitingadkari gadkari and gadkari in turn paid tributes to jawaharlal nehru recently indicated the congress was in pact with gadkari.
;;0.0;;if not, the cong-ncp alliance should field either ashok chavan or sharad pawar from nagpur against gadkari in the coming elections.
;;0.2023;;co/cekxx9hikr  ani (@ani) 1513585895000      ,           #electionresults  jignesh mevani (@jigneshmevani80) 1513594508000congratulate pm @narendramodi for delivering gujarat for 6th time in a row; victory in himachal pradesh is also a significant  nitingadkari gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) 1513584353000undoubtedly, a major victory.
;;0.0;;on the advise of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, the nmc has decided to execute the project in a phased manner.
;;0.0;;panaji: union minister nitingadkari gadkari, along with cm manohar parrikar on sunday, inaugurated indias third-longest cable-stayed bridge across the mandovi , which has been named as atal setu.
;;-0.2263;;union minister for ayush, shripad naik demanded that gadkari should include the chorao-panaji bridge in the list of works sanctioned for the state.
;;0.0;;we are about to complete 70  work of polem to patradevi highway.
;;0.0;;were saving 2000 houses along the highway.
;;0.25;;a small working group has already been created led by union road minister nitingadkari gadkari, with power minister piyush goyal, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and environment minister prakash javadekar among other members.
;;0.0;;gadkari said apart from uer ii, bids have been invited for development of gurgaon-sohna road with elevated highway/ six-lane road with service roads.
;;0.0;;pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar said that the meeting will be chaired by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and will be attended by transport ministers of goa and karnataka.
;;0.4588;;the musical night on sunday, dedicated to bhojpuri cultural songs, began at 7 pm in the presence of union minister of roads, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.4588;;after that, gadkari welcomed the performer of the day, manoj tiwari, with a bouquet and a shawl, followed by the deep prajwalan with other dignitaries on stage.
;;0.3612;;intervening the singing session, tiwari also took a moment to thank gadkari for the development of road and transport that he has brought about in the country.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 8, 2018union minister nitingadkari gadkari at the khasdar mahotsav in nagpurrdtoimake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;nashik: senior bjp leader and minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on friday fainted at a public function before recovering and continuing with his travel plans to shirdi and nagpur after a medical check-up.
;;-0.3182;;the visual of a staggering gadkari, who pursues a punishing schedule, made for dramatic tv footage but he recovered quickly and maintained his schedule after being examined by doctors who were part of the ministerial entourage.
;;-0.2263;;suspecting that gadkari, who successfully underwent a weight- loss surgery, might have fainted due to drop of sugar level, doctors first offered him chocolates and water.
;;-0.5859;;the check-ups revealed that all health parameters such as sugar and blood pressure were normal and gadkaris fall had to do with the uneasiness he felt due to heat and suffocation at the venue.
;;0.0;;after landing in shirdi, gadkari visited the sai baba temple and addressed a short press conference there.
;;0.4019;;gadkari left for nagpur in a special aircraft.
;;0.0;;sources at the agriculture university at rahuri toldthat gadkari attended the entire convocation function for more than an hour.
;;0.0;;shipping, road transport and highways minister gadkari termed his meeting with iranian minister on chabahar port fruitful.
;;0.0;;the three-day conference will be inaugurated by union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on november 2.
;;0.0;;while satish and devender used to look for customers in punjab, gopal used to tie-up with ultrasound clinics to carry out the procedure, while nitingadkari used to take the customers to the clinic.
;;0.0;;new delhi: revival of the yamuna got a shot in the arm with union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister arvind kejriwal jointly laying the foundation stone of nine projects under yamuna action plan-iii (yap).
;;0.6022;;this water will be almost as clean as drinking water, like what is consumed in singapore, said gadkari.
;;0.3818;;gadkari also proposed running airboats in yamuna to promote tourism.
;;0.0;;shall also dedicate to nation babatpur airport to varanasi national highway and varanasi ring road, read another tweet of the minister.
;;0.0;;nagpur: union minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated two books titled sapt saritancha pradesh and samantar drusti samagra vikasachi at his office on ram nagar road on saturday.
;;0.6808;;anchor appa joshi thanked gadkari for his support.
;;0.0;;it was released on friday by union minister for road transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will launch the mission in presence of state cooperative and marketing minister subhash deshmukh, minister of state arjun khotkar and guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule.
;;0.0;;the inaugural day would be decided according to the convenience of union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 6, 2019surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in jodhpur on saturday.
;;0.0;;you, your children and then their children will be plying on them, said gadkari to the audience.
;;0.0;;there was so much transparency in all these works that they did not have to come to the ministry for this and corruption of not even one rupee took place in any of these projects, said gadkari.
;;0.0;;gadkari also emphasized on promotion of biofuel , electricity and ethanol as alternative to the conventional fossil fuel .
;;0.4767;;pimpri chinchwad: in a big relief to daily commuters, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has sanctioned rs39 crore for the pending repair works on the pune-nashik highway.
;;0.4767;;shiv sena mp shivajirao adhalrao patil revealed in a press note on wednesday that gadkari gave an immediate approval for the project in a meeting in new delhi on monday.
;;-0.2263;;the union minister gave stringent instructions for the contractor to complete the delayed bypass work on the highway at the earliest, the note stated.
;;0.4767;;explaining the expense break-up, patil said, gadkari gave an approval to begin the construction of two roads  total length 9.
;;0.0;;99 crore, while construction of the bypass joining the entry and exit points of narayangaon on the highway will cost rs22.
;;0.0;;as a result, commuters are faced with daily traffic snarls for long hours on the highway.
;;0.0;;in the second phase, patil said work on the highway passing through manchar town and kalamb and alephata villages will be undertaken.
;;0.1779;;on completion of the project, daily traffic congestion on khed-sinnar stretch of the highway will be permanently resolved.
;;0.0;;patil congratulated gadkari for approving the rs1,013-crore pune-nashik highway widening project.
;;0.0;;leader of opposition chandrakant babu kavlekar said, we have to request union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari to remove our rivers from nationalization (scheme).
;;-0.34;;tnnthis demand has been mooted before the government by the nav bharatiya shivvahtuk sanghatana, the newly formed bjp transport union under guidance of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari,nav bharatiya shivvahtuk sanghatana's all-india vice president maqbool mujawar : we have demanded that government, specially state transport ministry, should give us permission to ply autorickshaws till sion hospital.
;;0.0;;the highways ministry on saturday said it will be a four-lane highway with service roads and other facilities for pilgrims intending to visit gurudwara darbar sahib in pakistan.
;;0.0;;highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and punjab chief minister amarinder singh will also attend the ceremony at village mann in gurdaspur district.
;;0.25;;he declared that due to efforts of union minister nitingadkari gadkari and cm, the centre included 26 state projects in pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (pmksy) and granted rs16,600 crore for completing them.
;;-0.2023;;on june 18, 2018, the stalled railway line project was given the go-ahead in a meeting between union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and railway minister piyush goyal at delhi.
;;0.0;;the deceaseds mother even claimed her elder son nitingadkari was also summoned by dri but was untraceable until thursday evening.
;;0.0772;;in yet another blow to the endangered species, the national highway authority of india ( nhai ) is considering a proposal to construct a highway through the 36-hectare forest land in the mukundra hills tiger reserve (mhtr).
;;0.4767;;this is being mulled for the ambitious delhi-mumbai expressway project mooted by union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.2732;;the proposed highway will cut through tiger corridors to ramgarh vidyasiri sanctuary and jawahar sagar wildlife sanctuary in bundi district.
;;0.0;;jalandhar: with union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari to lay the foundation stone of an elevated structure and vehicular underpass on national highway 44 (nh-44) in phagwara, work is finally expected to start on the 2.
;;-0.34;;the stretch has been a major bottleneck in the six-laning of panipat jalandhar highway and hanging fire for long.
;;0.0;;5-km-long elevated stretch of highway, a vehicular underpass would also be constructed in front of the civil hospital in phagwara.
;;-0.765;;existing road in bad shapeeven as union minister nitingadkari gadkari will lay the foundation stone of the elevated stretch of nh-44 in phagwara, the roads condition continues to be poor, even though thousands of vehicles use it every day.
;;0.296;;another local, manoj lekhi, said people were paying an exhorbitant toll in phillaur for using the highway, but there had been no improvement in the roads condition.
;;0.296;;he also slammed union minister nitingadkari gadkari for being critical of the navy and chided state bjp minister chandrakant patil for praising the kannada language in belgaum, an area at the centre of the maharashtra-karnataka border row.
;;0.4939;;the cultural festival was inaugurated by actor salman khan on saturday while union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari presided.
;;0.0;;the total length of the expressway is 135km, of which the manesar-palwal stretch was inaugurated by union minister nitingadkari gadkari last year.
;;0.4767;;in july, union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari had announced approval of these funds under the central governments baliraja jal sanjeevani yojana.
;;-0.34;;following tois report, bjp legislators from the city had requested union minister nitingadkari gadkari and cm devendra fadnavis to ask jichkar to resign and replace with new one.
;;0.0;;gadkari and fadnavis are yet to take decision.
;;0.0;;around 50 to 60 corporators of the bjp from pimpri and chinchwad assembly constituencies, which are part of the maval lok sabha constituency, signed a memorandum that was submitted to union minister nitingadkari gadkari in chinchwad on sunday.
;;-0.4588;;union minister for roads, transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari, recently threatened to bulldoze those in the industry who do not shift to an all-electric fleet by 2030.
;;0.4019;;gadkari has never made us feel that he belongs to a rival party.
;;-0.2023;;the issue of stalled upgradation snowballed after highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and railway minister piyush goyal at a meeting in delhi on june 18 last year gave the go-ahead for the project as railways did not need any clearances.
;;0.0;;hritik, whose father is a driver, is a student of class 12 in a private school in indirapuram while nitingadkari had been working as an apprentice in his fathers grocery shop after completing class 12 a couple of years ago.
;;0.0;;however, khachariyawas lambasted nitingadkari gadkari , union road and transport minister for not being able to complete the pending work of construction of bridges etc.
;;0.0;;on jaipur-delhi highway.
;;0.3182;;who is responsible for deaths on this highway?
;;0.8271;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari is confident that once national highways authority of indias (nhais) inter-modal station (ims) project is complete, ajni will become the best railway station in the country.
;;0.0;;the escalators at platform numbers 2/3 and 4/5 were inaugurated by gadkari.
;;0.0;;a 100 feet high flag mast was inaugurated by gadkari in front of nagpur railway station.
;;0.4215;;city mp and union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari had approved rs200 crore for works of two projects.
;;0.0;;projects could be completed only due to gadkari and fadnavis approving funds, he said.
;;0.4939;;on wednesday, the delhi government assured union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari of expediting the process for granting the forest clearance, removing the hurdle for starting work on the expressways stretch falling in their jurisdiction.
;;0.0;;gadkari, who was chairing a meeting on projects related to cleaning of the yamuna , had called road secretary ys malik for a brief discussion on the issue.
;;0.6369;;to make it a historic event, the top brass had been hobnobbing with city mp nitingadkari gadkari to get countrys richest man mukesh ambani or industrial czar ratan tata as the chief guest during the 95-year-old universitys convocation.
;;0.0;;nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.2263;;meerut: in his whirlwind tour weeks before elections are announced, union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stones of highway projects worth rs 11,595 crore in west up.
;;0.4019;;on wednesday, gadkari visited three districts  moradabad meerut and baghpat  to announce mega projects and promising waterways in yamuna and ganga apart from 12-hour journey from delhi to mumbai through rs 1 lakh crore highway project passing through five states.
;;0.5859;;while promising waterway transport and six dams in himachal pradesh and uttarakhand, gadkari touched upon pakistan as well.
;;-0.1027;;let nitingadkari gadkari (morth minister) pay for the entire bridge.
;;0.0;;i met nitinji who asked me to collaborate with nmc.
;;0.0;;its revival was first raised by union minister nitingadkari gadkari at the same function.
;;-0.3182;;a couple of days ago, at a public event, union minister nitingadkari gadkari had slammed the nmc for the inordinate delay in completing the project.
;;-0.6908;;four hours after committing the brutal act, kalwe, a resident of malegaon, washim, made four ransom calls under the name of javed khan to deceaseds father nitingadkari , residing near hanuman temple at khapri, demanding rs2 lakh in exchange for his son.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: dk mp nalin kumar kateel called on union minister for transport and national highways (morth) nitingadkari gadkari at his official residence in new delhi on monday and had detailed discussion about the national highway projects pertaining to dakshina kannada district.
;;0.3818;;nalin urged gadkari to ensure that the contractor  l & t - takes up the periodical maintenance work in the interim.
;;-0.2263;;nalin also demanded that gadkari take steps for early inauguration of talapady-kundapura road.
;;-0.2263;;singh also lauded his colleague nitingadkari gadkari for his statement that flow of water from india to pakistan under indus valley treaty will be stopped.
;;0.0;;bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari too was present at the event.
;;0.3182;;nitin gadkariji, please look into it.
;;0.0;;nagpur: union minister for transport and water resources nitingadkari gadkari has been quoted by a news agency that he is not in the race for the prime ministers post after lok sabha elections next year.
;;0.2023;;a top rss functionary dismissed the tiwari letter episode saying gadkari does not need any outsiders services to put in a word to the rss chief.
;;0.0;;tiwari is known to be close to gadkari.
;;0.6369;;so, at this juncture a moderate person like gadkari steering the election process would help.
;;-0.0276;;gadkari is more acceptable as he is also sensitive to farmers problems, tiwari explained.
;;0.0258;;bhagwat also said that gadkari had not spoken to him and it was bjps internal matter, said an rss insider privy to the meeting.
;;-0.5106;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari expressed dissatisfaction over failure of government to tap mineral wealth of vidarbha .
;;0.0;;this story is from january 15, 2019nitin gadkari (file photo)on job creationon educational instituteson infrastructure projectson recreational facilitieson citys water crisisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.2263;;nagpur: nitingadkari gadkari , union transport minister and city mp, has been claiming he has ensured all round development of the city by starting works worth rs68,000 crore.
;;0.128;;shivaram had alleged projects launched recently in hassan by union minister nitingadkari gadkari were that of the congress governments.
;;0.0;;a delegation of grape grower and exporters, led by the state agriculture price commission pasha patel, met the union minister nitingadkari gadkari on the issue and urged him to pursue the issue with the finance ministry.
;;0.0;;i recently met union minister gadkari along with the delegation of grape grower exporters.
;;0.0;;gadkari immediately held talks with the union minister of commerce suresh prabhu on the issue.
;;0.0;;bawankule and mahajan decided to approach madhya pradesh (mp) government through union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for releasing water into totladoh dam so that farmers catered by left and right bank pench canals can be given water for irrigation.
;;0.0;;40 new buses to run onmethanol-blended fuelunion minister for road, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari has said that his ministry has ordered 40 buses that will run on methanol-blended fuel.
;;0.6249;;gadkari praised the civic body for distributing e-rickshaws worth rs 1 crore to persons with disabilities.
;;0.0;;hema malini was felicitated by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and his wife kanchan.
;;0.0;;the vidc has already discussed the project with city mp and union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari, who is likely to approve it.
;;-0.128;;dxp association has also reached out to union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister khattar, demanding the remaining hurdles before the project be removed.
;;0.0;;this story is from november 19, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will be organizing 10th agrovision , an agricultural mega event, from november 23 to 26 at reshimbagh ground.
;;0.0;;the bridge built at a cost of rs 159 crore will be thrown open to public by highways minister nitingadkari gadkari .
;;0.0;;sources in the road transport ministry said bolivian ambassador sergio dario arispe barrientos proposed this at a meeting with union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday.
;;0.0;;officials said barrientos told gadkari that yacimientos de litios bolivianos (ylb), one of its pses, has researched and developed technology for processing of the evaporative resources from salt flats.
;;0.0;;once rumours of the inauguration of kollam bypass came to our notice, we informed the office of the prime minister, union minister for road transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari and nhai's office in delhi about the state government plan of opening the highway in february.
;;0.2732;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari had agreed to open the bypass in january.
;;0.0;;union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari introduced the bill on december 12 and it is yet to be taken up for debate.
;;-0.7579;;parents of the woman, shreya, have accused her husband nitingadkari and his mother of murdering their daughter over dowry.
;;0.0;;shreya, who was from chandigarh, had married nitingadkari in august last year.
;;-0.5267;;police said they received a call around 3am from nitingadkari , who informed them that his wife had committed suicide.
;;0.6124;;police quoted nitingadkari as saying that he used duplicate keys to open the door and found his wife hanging from the ceiling fan with the help of a bedsheet.
;;-0.7506;;on sunday, shreyas parents lodged a complaint against nitingadkari and his mother, accusing them of harassing their daughter over dowry.
;;-0.8979;;i suspect nitingadkari killed her and made it look like a suicide, shreya's mother anupam mentioned in the complaint.
;;-0.5994;;tripathi said an fir had been registered against nitingadkari and his mother under sections 498a (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty), 304 b (where the death of a woman is caused by any burns or bodily injury) of the ipc along with section 3/7 of the dowry act.
;;-0.4767;;we have detained nitingadkari for questioning while the allegations are being investigated.
;;-0.2732;;nyc warned of disrupting the conference where union minister and bjp heavyweight nitingadkari gadkari is the chief guest.
;;0.0;;besides gadkari, several bjp and rss members are part of the organizing and advisory committees of the conference.
;;0.4767;;much to his relief, vikram singh natiraja, three-time mla from rajnagar (twice for congress and once for sp), has also been repeated despite attempts by senior congress leader satyavrat chaturvedi to get his son nitingadkari the ticket from this seat.
;;-0.2732;;and on friday, geete, the lone shiv sena member in the cabinet, without naming gadkari, said, we have to move forward in a phased manner.
;;0.0;;jaipur: union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari has announced that much-awaited ring road will be opened for public on january 30, 2018.
;;0.0;;jaipur-delhi highway is in progressive stage.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari and former minister anil deshmukh felicitate dr deshmukh at an event held on sund.
;;0.6249;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday lauded dr subhash deshmukh, an nri physician from city currently based in los angeles , usa, for achieving great heights in his chosen field.
;;0.0;;speaking at a programme organized at baburao dhanwate hall to mark the 75th birthday of dr deshmukh, gadkari recounted a few of the times when he visited him.
;;0.0;;he was felicitated by gadkari, former maharashtra minister and a relative anil deshmukh, businessman satyanarayan nuwal and former mlc girish gandhi.
;;-0.743;;ponda: irked with the fiasco at new delhi, the mining dependants have threatened to resist union minister nitingadkari gadkari from inaugurating the khandepar bridge on sunday.
;;0.0;;pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar has reiterated that the khandepar bridge will be inaugurated on december 23 by gadkari.
;;-0.25;;the meeting has decided that they should resist gadkari from inaugurating the goan project as he failed to bring a solution to restart mining activities in goa, puti gaonkar, president, gmpf, said.
;;-0.5574;;on august 7, chief minister manohar parrikar had urged a panel of union ministers led by transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to find a way to resume mining operations in goa as a court-ordered ban effective from march has choked economic activity in the coastal state.
;;-0.4588;;we believe that being head of the panel of union ministers, gadkari has failed to bring respite to the goan issue, and hence we want a senior minister from the goa cabinet to inaugurate the bridge, he said.
;;0.4215;;he cited a letter from nitingadkari gadkari, union minister for road transport, highways, shipping and water resources, saying the project had been approved by the central government.
;;0.4939;;in a letter addressed to tiwari, gadkari wrote, the road has been declared as nh 709-b.
;;-0.0836;;he said that he had briefed gadkari about this problem and requested his help in the matter.
;;0.9313;;it is a matter of great pleasure for me that gadkari has approved the 155-km nh 709b at a project cost of rs 4,405 crore, tiwari added.
;;0.0;;mumbai: finance minister arun jaitley and his cabinet colleagues piyush goyal and nitingadkari gadkari lashed out at the rbis approach in changing rules of the game and defended the governments stand in its tussle with the central bank which led to urjit patel stepping down as governor on monday.
;;0.4939;;nagpur: a three-day science exhibition childrens science festival and mega science exhibition 2019 was inaugurated by union minister nitingadkari gadkari at mahila mahavidyalaya, nandanvan, on tuesday.
;;0.7096;;highlighting the significance of cost-effective and ergonomical scientific advancement, gadkari mentioned the successful project of utilizing bio-fuel in jet planes.
;;0.0;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has already initiated the process of connecting nagpur with ramtek, katol, wardha and bhandara through broad gauge metro.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: prime minister narendra modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday inaugurated the thokkottu flyover.
;;0.7269;;addressing the gathering, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari was effusive in his praise of the scheme, saying that baby steps taken in the right direction lead to achieving greater goals.
;;-0.6908;;police booked jaysukh suvala, his son nitingadkari and nephew vijay vaghela for murder.
;;-0.6249;;union minister for ports nitingadkari gadkari has already issued a warning to mpt to pull up its sleeves to close the gap in losses.
;;0.0;;the gsidc chairman said that the corporation had requested union minister nitingadkari gadkari to sanction an underpass near the cujira complex, which he did.
;;-0.6435;;blaming bankers for the countrys npa mess, gadkari on thursday said indias banking system was such that it didnt support sick companies.
;;0.0;;on january 27, he attended the inauguration of the third bridge on river mandovi along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;tendulkar was addressing a gathering at the 'khasdar krida mahotsav' initiative of union minister nitingadkari gadkari in nagpur.
;;0.802;;praising gadkari for the initiative, tendulkar said success is never guaranteed and added that one needed mental preparation for it, though even then the result is sometimes not what one wanted.
;;0.5849;;this road will be more like an outer ring road for the city, he said, adding they are trying to convince nhai to build it, for which, he has already met union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;-0.1027;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari, guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule and mla dadaji bhuse will pay a visit to it.
;;0.0;;starting with nitingadkari gadkari as chief guest, mlas milind mane and pankaj bhoyar, mlcs anil sole and nago ganar feature in the committees which also have several members of saffron outfits.
;;0.4019;;the new term, publicly used by rao to denote the nagpur-based rss, took even the dignitaries by surprise, including union minister nitingadkari gadkari and rss general secretary bhaiyaji joshi, both one-time pracharaks.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari , guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mla ashish deshmukh, municipal commissioner ashwin mudgal and others were present at the programme.
;;0.0;;gadkari will also perform bhoomipujan for construction of the mbpt water front project on saturday and unveil a tender to build a ropeway connecting the port to elephanta.
;;-0.34;;in a letter addressed to gadkari, harsimrat said tractors have been excluded from the category of non-transport vehicles in the new rules and it means that tractors used for agricultural purposes would be treated at par with commercial transport vehicles.
;;0.0;;she requested gadkari to reconsider the decision, given the demographic profile and economic condition of farmers in the country, especially in the agrarian state of punjab.
;;0.0;;mangaluru: prime minister narendra modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday inaugurated thokkottu flyover.
