;;-0.5859;;to keep these people, who are constantly looking for greener pastures, in one place and run a government is difficult, gadkari said adding that goa despite its cultured and intellectual population has broken national records with defections.
;;0.7003;;even though he has quit the party, i still respect him, gadkari said.
;;0.3612;;gadkari said, ive already promised people who live in slums on the mbpt land, that they will be given homes under sra scheme.
;;0.7351;;1:43 pm ist exit polls not final decision, but hint at bjps win: gadkari union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday said the exit polls are not the final decision but indicate that the bjp will once again come to power, riding on the development work done by the nda government.
;;0.0;;but, by and large, what comes out in the exit polls also reflects in the results, gadkari said, replying to a query.
;;0.4939;;my victory margin in this election would be not less than five lakhs as my development works are visible in the city, a confident gadkari claimed.
;;-0.2095;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari has said that the government will stop indias share of water flowing into pakistan, if the neighbouring country does not stop supporting terror groups.
;;0.0;;so we are not bound to follow this treaty, gadkari said.
;;-0.5647;;for 72 years since the country attained independence, congress leaders have been making such promises, but they all failed to deliver, gadkari said while campaigning for shiromani akali dal (sad) candidate from fatehgarh sahib, darbara singh guru.
;;0.34;;they are claiming modi never said anything about giving 15 lakh in the accounts of citizens amit shah and nitingadkari gadkari have already said the statement was a jumla.
;;-0.5994;;earlier, refusing to buckle under pressure from auto industry on stricter fuel emission norms, gadkari has said carmakers must follow the same standards in india that they do elsewhere.
;;0.0;;the government is not reconsidering its decision, gadkari has said.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday said that he will urge finance minister arun jaitley to bring down gst rate on hybrid vehicles and other automobiles that run on alternate fuels.
;;0.7506;;electric, ethanol, bio diesel, bio cng these are import substitutes and are cost effective, pollution free and indigenous too, gadkari said.
;;0.6597;;any business that is profitable should be encouraged by the government, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;12:50pm: union minister nitingadkari gadkari says the inauguration of epe is a golden day in indias history of development.
;;0.6369;;we are trying to transform dreams of pm into reality by constructing expressway like eastern peripheral, delhi-meerut expressway, gadkari says, adding that epe will reduce 27  pollution of delhi.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari, speaking at the same event, claimed whatever happened in the last five years under pm modis leadership did not happen in 50 years.
;;0.8074;;the nda will certainly win in this election, and i am certain our government will come back under modijis leadership, gadkari said.
;;0.3612;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said an alliance between the bjp and shiv sena for controlling the countrys richest civic body, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, was possible if the state party stopped criticising prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.7003;;gadkari said if sena wants bjp as a friend, it should ensure that its mouthpiece writes responsibly.
;;0.0;;india is developing lng bunker ports and plans to develop its electric vehicle fleet, gadkari said.
