;;-0.7269;;(i have) no problem of blood pressure or sugar (now), gadkari told reporters.
;;-0.5423;;gadkari said that if roads were found to be in bad condition, he would run a bulldozer over the contractor concerned.
;;0.3612;;gadkari, who is credited for the country's first expressway, the mumbai-pune expressway in the 1990s when he was the roads minister in maharashtra, said 12 new expressways are under construction across the country.
;;-0.7184;;in december, gadkari had said at an event in pune that leadership should have the tendency to own up defeat and failures.
;;0.0;;we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir and punjab, union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari said in a tweet.
;;-0.296;;gadkari had said in mumbai, political leaders are fond of spinning dreams, but if they cannot deliver it, they may take a beating from the people.
;;0.5423;;nagpur: to promote electric vehicles on a mass scale, the government is holding initial talks with japanese investment firm softbank for low interest funding of 2 lakh electric buses for public transport, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said here today.
;;0.7096;;gadkari said that the government wants to promote import substitute which is pollution free and cost-effective for an indigenous transport system.
;;0.0;;however, gadkari, known for speaking his mind, said sunday his statements have been twisted.
;;-0.3182;;gadkari claimed there was a conspiracy to create a wedge between him and the bjp leadership.
;;0.0;;what could not be done during the last sevendecades, we have done in just four and a half years, said gadkari claiming that the image of uttar pradesh was changing.
;;0.128;;by ptinew delhi: the government has given special attention to stop unutilised water allotted to india under the 'indus waters treaty' from entering pakistan, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said friday.
;;0.631;;ltd.addressing the gathering, gadkari said there is enough water available in the country, but the real issue is its effective management.
;;0.7184;;an agreement has been signed on one project and there is a progress in the other two projects, gadkari said.
;;0.743;;terming the signing of an agreement for renukaji dam project a historic moment, gadkari said that the government will try to get the cabinet approval as soon as possible.
;;0.4588;;gadkari said that these projects will benefit all basin states and it is a win-win situation for everyone.
;;0.4966;;by ptinew delhi: by supporting terrorism, pakistan is not fulfilling its commitment to the indus water treaty, which was based on mutual love and good relations, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said monday.
;;0.0;;this mindset is not correct), gadkari said at an economic summit organised by the times group.
;;-0.4404;;unfortunately, many times the circulars issued by the rbi are creating more complications and this is one of the reasons why i am facing problems as far as financial closure is concerned, gadkari had said.
;;0.836;;sensitizing the public about their roles in ensuring road safety is as vital as placement of curbs, under-passes and safety features for pedestrians, said nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.4215;;arshad khan byexpress news servicenew delhi: stepping up the governments efforts to introduce sea-planes in a big way, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has said that india could have around 10,000 amphibian planes  a number far greater than the total fleet size of all domestic airlines combined.
;;0.0;;gadkari has also asked his civil aviation counterpart ashok gajapathi raju to explore a regulatory regime for single-engine seaplanes to facilitate introduction of such planes in the country as early as possible.
;;0.5719;;gadkari at an event here today said the policy was needed to curb vehicular pollution as well as given the annual 22 per cent growth rate of automobile industry that will require an additional highway lane every third year, costing rs 80,000 crore.
;;0.3612;;gadkari had earlier said that the pmo is keen on the proposal and once it is implemented, pollution would be checked considerably as 65 per cent of the pollution is caused by heavy vehicles that are more than 15 years old.
;;0.7783;;gadkari has said that once the proposal is accepted it is bound to result in rs 10,000 crore boost in tax revenue as the automobile sector will benefit from it.
;;0.0;;however, as far as the party's philosophy, policy and approach to the issue is concerned, we are firm on it, gadkari had said.
;;0.0;;i had said that even a transgender would bear children but this irrigation scheme will never be completed, gadkari said while addressing a rally in sangli in western maharashtra, around 375 kms from here.
;;-0.7184;;addressing an event in pune, gadkari had said, leadership should have the 'vrutti' (tendency) to own up the defeat and failures.
;;-0.5994;;by ptinew delhi: the government is spending more than rs 20,000 crore to rectify accident-prone black spots on roads across the country in order to reduce fatalities in such incidents, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said friday.
;;0.2263;;speaking here at the launch of a research report by nissan india and savelife foundation, gadkari said the first priority of his ministry is to save more lives from road accidents which account for over 1 lakh deaths each year in the country.
;;0.0;;following this, the foundation stone for the kartarpur corridor was laid on november 26 at dera baba nanak where union minister nitingadkari gadkari had said that his ministry would try to complete the construction work of the corridor expeditiously.
;;0.4019;;i believe we should contest elections on development works even if the opposition parties keep name calling, gadkari said at the bjp headquarters.
;;-0.5106;;gadkari said, the congress, since the time of former pm jawaharlal nehru, has talked about poverty alleviation.
;;0.7351;;but if these dreams are not realised, then they beat them up (politically) as well, gadkari said, speaking at a function here.
;;-0.7184;;in december, gadkari said at an event in pune that leadership should have the tendency to own up defeat and failures.
;;0.6705;;as the comments created a controversy, gadkari said his statements had been twisted and alleged there was a sinister campaign by some opposition parties and a section of the media to twist his comments and draw politically motivated inferences to malign him and his party.
;;0.0;;at the valedictory function of the annual marathi literary meet at yavatmal on january 13, gadkari said politicians should not interfere in other fields.
;;0.0;;without making a direct reference to the row, gadkari had said, politicians should learn not to interfere in other fields.
;;-0.8979;;by ptinew delhi: india has decided to stop the flow of its share of water to pakistan from rivers under the indus water treaty, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said thursday, in comments that came over a week after the ghastly pulwama terror attack killing 40 crpf personnel.
;;0.0;;in another tweet, gadkari said, the construction of dam has started at shahpur-kandi on ravi river.
;;0.0;;in an address at a public rally at baghpat in uttar pradesh on wednesday, gadkari said, we have started the work of purification of river yamuna.
;;-0.6486;;speaking on the sidelines of indian roads congress convention here, gadkari said, the tigress had killed 13 innocent farmers and no one is shedding a tear for them.
;;0.5719;;gadkari has recently said the policy was needed to curb vehicular pollution as well as given the annual 22 per cent growth rate of automobile industry that will require an additional highway lane every third year, costing rs 80,000 crore.
;;-0.9413;;terming avnis killing as unfortunate, gadkari said nobody has expressed sadness over the 13 tribals killed by her.
;;0.2732;;lauding mungantiwar, gadkari said the minister had done commendable work in ensuring nagpur was declared the countrys tiger capital.
;;0.0;;earlier, union minister nitingadkari gadkari had said that it is necessary to guard marathi identity along with national identity.
;;0.7311;;on sunday, gadkari while addressing a rally in mumbai had said, people like politicians who show them big dreams but those (politicians) who dont fulfil the dreams.
;;-0.7845;;by ptipune: in the current situation, attempts are being made to make crisis in a bank worse while ideally bonafide mistakes of banks should be rectified, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said here saturday.
;;-0.3182;;gadkari said even a private money lender who lends rs 100 loses rs 15 sometimes.
;;0.0258;;gadkari said it will become difficult to run a bank in the coming days and that bankers will have to ensure transparency.
;;0.0;;gadkari further said: do not break law but bend it up to the last breaking point.
;;0.85;;while quoting late farmer leader sharad joshi, gadkari said, success in cooperative (sector) is not the success of a cooperative movement alone, but it is the success of the leadership who understands cooperative and has a potential of managerial skills.
;;0.6697;;by express news servicenew delhi: delhi will be completely free of air and water pollution in the next three years, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday, and added that the central government had taken up projects worth rs 50,000 crore to decongest delhi.
;;0.3182;;this is my promise to you, gadkari said at a press conference in delhi city, which goes to polls on may 12.
;;0.0;;remember this, gadkari said.
;;-0.296;;pakistan is supporting and sending terrorists to india which is contrary to the aim with which the treaty was signed, gadkari said.
;;-0.4404;;the narendra modi government has taken a historic decision to provide 10 per cent quota in jobs and educational institutions to the economically weaker sections (among the general category), without reducing the reservation of scs, sts and other backward classes, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;gadkari said he did not also go to delhi seeking any post.
;;-0.4767;;gadkari said his party wanted to bring transparent governance and work for the country's progress and rid it of fear, hunger, terror and corruption.
;;0.34;;gadkari said in his ministry projects worth rs 10 lakh crore have been awarded across the country and no contractor had met him nor had to come to his office to get the contract work.
;;-0.2023;;gadkari said 1100 tmc ft of godavari river water goes waste into the sea and a scheme has been prepared wherein it will be diverted into the krishna and then to penna river and from the penna to the cauvery to reach tamil nadu.
;;-0.4019;;so road widening is an issue and this is keralas biggest problem, said nitingadkari gadkari, union minister for road transport and highways.
;;0.0;;clarification for the same will be issued on friday, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;gadkari said: with implementation of these specifications, the river will not be dry as these specifications were a result of scientific study.
;;0.4019;;besides, gadkari has said 48 new cities have been identified on either side of the ganga and its tributaries for projects to clean the river.
;;0.5423;;new delhi: having secured rs 2,000 crore from a central fund for development of water transport, operationalising at least 10 of the 111 national waterways next year is on the top of government's agenda, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has said.
;;0.2023;;gadkari said that apart from ganga, development of nw-2 which is brahmaputra (890 km stretch) is also top on the agenda of the government.
;;0.5859;;gadkari had said the government's financial availability dictated the decision to bring down the order of the rafale fighter jets from 126 to 36 in its purchase agreement.
;;0.5256;;by ptinew delhi: delhi will be completely free of air and water pollution in the next three years, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday, stressing that it was his promise to the city, which goes to polls on may 12.
;;0.3182;;this is my promise to you, gadkari said at a press conference here.
;;0.0;;earlier, union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari had said the air india building will be sold to jnpt.
;;0.1027;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari too on tuesday said former defence minister george fernandes was a staunch patriot and his icon.
;;0.4588;;in his condolence message, gadkari said, george fernandes dedicated his life to the nation and democracy.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday said the exit polls are not the final decision but indicate that the bjp will once again come to power, riding on the development work done by the nda government.
;;0.0;;but, by and large, what comes out in the exit polls also reflects in the results, gadkari said, replying to a query.
;;0.0;;asked if his name was also being considered for the pm's post, gadkari said, i have clarified it around 20 to 50 times.
;;0.6249;;gadkari said the bjp will win the same number of seats in maharashtra as in 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.128;;gadkari said he had termed legal proceedings against mallya as appropriate.
;;-0.3818;;i had only said that if mallya has done anything wrong and any legal proceedings against him is going on then it is 'uchit (proper) and appropriate, gadkari told media here this evening.
;;-0.3612;;at an event in mumbai thursday, gadkari had said mallya has a four-decade-long track record of timely debt servicing.
;;0.0;;this mindset is not correct), gadkari had said.
;;0.9062;;follow our election coverage herethe treaty was intended to increase brotherhood, love and affection between the two countries and india, as a big brother, is giving water to pakistan, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;queried whether there was a timeframe for its implementation, gadkari said: the timeframe is there.
;;0.8316;;asked to comment on the controversy over balakot air strike, gadkari said: my feeling is that in the interest of national security, we should not politicize the issue of national interest related to the defence.
;;0.0;;5-2 lakh crore economy in five years, gadkari said in his inaugural address.
;;0.5781;;cautioning against use of substandard parts in e-rickshaws and e-carts, gadkari said the idea behind relaxation in norms was to benefit the poor and check the inhuman practice of hand-held rickshaws, and not profiteering.
;;0.4588;;they said 'yes', they will benefit, gadkari said at a news conclave here on the four years of prime minister narendra modi's government.
;;-0.3612;;stressing that agriculture was a focus area for the modi government at the centre, gadkari said it was a complex issue and its remedy would take time.
;;-0.0516;;when asked if the bjp's defeat in three states has dented the party's image, gadkari said, it is matter of research on what parameters a voter elects a particular party during elections.
;;0.0772;;on the maharashtra government's recent decision to grant 16 per cent reservation in education and government jobs to the maratha community, gadkari said, no one is saying that he is forward and everyone wants to prove that he is backward.
;;0.0;;on thursday, gadkari had announced that the decision has been revoked.
;;0.0;;by ptibetul: claiming that 30 per cent of the ganga river has been cleaned up so far, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said friday that only this enabled congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra to drink its water.
;;0.0;;gadkari asked.
;;0.34;;bajwa and sarkaria said that a 7-km channel would be constructed to hold this water and route it to the kalanaur-ramdas canal system so that it could be used to irrigate 1 lakh acres of land, giving an in-principle nod, gadkari asked the state to submit a detailed project report (dpr).
;;-0.34;;in an interview to ians, gadkari said use of such language against the prime minister creates a bad image of the country, particularly when the whole world is closely watching the elections in the largest democracy.
;;-0.1513;;follow our election coverage hereto call the prime minister a 'chor' is very unfortunate, said gadkari, former president of the bharatiya janata party.
;;0.0;;noting that india is the largest democracy in the world, gadkari said: the whole world is examining, seeing everything in the country.
;;0.0258;;gadkari said the media also has a major role in encouraging such negativity in the political discourse.
;;-0.7184;;in december, gadkari had said at an event in pune that leadership should have the tendency to own up defeat and failures.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi: a day after union minister nitingadkari gadkari said india had decided to stop the flow of its share of river water to pakistan under the indus water treaty, the water resources ministry on friday issued details of various projects being worked upon to enforce it.
;;0.0;;the ministry has notified mandating that hsrp including the third registration mark, wherever required, shall be supplied by vehicle manufacturers along with the vehicle manufactured on or after april 1, 2019 to their dealers, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari told lok sabha in a written reply.
;;0.0;;gadkari said the proposal to amend the concerned rule in central motor vehicles rules, 1989 and revision of the hsrp order, 2001 was placed in the public domain for soliciting objections/suggestions and was discussed in a meeting on june 5, 2018.
;;0.0;;the plates are fastened with non-removable/non-reusable snap lock fitting system, gadkari said.
;;0.836;;gadkari, who attended the agreement signing event with chief ministers of all six states that are part of the programme, said the government will try to get cabinet approval as soon as possible and all proposed dam projects, once completed will ensure more flow in river yamuna which is the need of the hour.
;;-0.296;;addressing media persons a few days ago in new delhi, nitingadkari gadkari, union minister for road transport, said: there is no need for any policy now.
;;0.2023;;by ptibikaner: union minister nitingadkari gadkari said monday that development has always been the top agenda of the central government and in the last four years, the centre has introduced multiple development projects in bikaner.
;;0.1779;;36 crore, gadkari said the government's endeavour will be on introducing modern transport solutions.
;;-0.3182;;also read | kartarpur corridor: punjab minister sukhjinder randhawa threatens boycott over credit warearlier, speaking on the occasion, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said the corridor construction work will be completed within four months.
;;0.0;;on the road sector, which has been a key focus area for him and government, gadkari said, a lot more work needs to be done in the sector.
;;0.0;;by next march we will be constructing 40 km per day of roads, gadkari said.
;;0.3612;;on the expressway construction, gadkari, who is credited for building the country's first expressway--the mumbai-pune expressway in the 1990s when he was the roads minister in maharashtra--said 12 new expressways under construction now across the country.
;;-0.6705;;gadkari said his advice to a defeated candidate is not to transfer the blame to others.
