;;0.0;;reacting to news reports, gadkari said he had visited a yacht belonging to the essar company just to see it and asserted that he never took money from any corporate entity.
;;0.6908;;transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, who had earlier held the charge of rural development ministry, told reporters that the government was open to meeting leaders of all parties, including nda allies, to clear any confusion and accept suggestions.
;;-0.5423;;in what appeared to be an indirect acknowledgement of the governments failure to spread word about the amended land bill before, gadkari said the opposition has created a perception that the legislation was anti-farmer and pro-corporate by spreading confusion.
;;0.5423;;pti file phototo promote electric vehicles on a mass scale, the government is holding initial talks with japanese investment firm softbank for low interest funding of two lakh electric buses for public transport, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said here on friday.
;;0.7096;;gadkari said that the government wants to promote import substitute which is pollution free and cost-effective for an indigenous transport system.
;;0.0;;soon, policy to scrap vehicles above 10 yrs to check pollutionnew delhi, dec 5, 2015, dhns: 0:50 istunion road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said the government will soon come out with an integrated policy to scrap commercial vehicles that are over 10-year-old to check rising air pollution.
;;-0.5795;;stating that no policy can be in piecemeal without cabinet approval, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;other decisions that were taken at the review meeting, gadkari said, was widening of the nh-207 and of nh-4 from nelamangala to tumakuru.
;;0.0;;but on the whole, infrastructure works amounting to rs 10,000 crore has been sanctioned at the review meeting, gadkari said.
;;-0.5267;;i have told party chief shah to initiate stringent action against those making irresponsible statements and causing damage to the partys image, gadkari told reporters in nagpur.
;;0.6369;;gadkari, who is perceived to be close to the rss, also said, we will talk to advaniji on the issue, while at the same time emphasising that no one demands assessment when the party wins.
;;0.0;;gadkari alleges cartelisation by cement companiesnew delhi, feb 19, 2015, dhns 1:04 istaccusing cement makers of indulging in price cartelisation, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday said this had led to the cost of road building going up.
;;0.0;;gadkari earlier announced the centres plan to build all new highways using indigenous concrete in place of bitumen, which has to be imported.
;;0.0;;'parliament nod to motor vehicles bill likely in next session'new delhi, jan 6, 2015 (pti) 14:42 istparliament is likely to give its nod to the new motor vehicles bill in the next session and the new legislation will transform the sector, making it transparent and corruption-free, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said today.
;;0.4767;;it will transform the entire sector, making it transparent and corruption-free, gadkari told reporters after launching a web portal for online approval for movement of heavy cargo.
;;0.4767;;gadkari said launch of the web portal for online approval of movement of over dimensional (od) and over weight cargo (owc) has removed one of the biggest hurdles on the way of 'make in india' campaign.
;;0.0;;plan to build sea bridge, tunnel to sri lanka, says gadkarinew delhi, dec 16, 2015, dhns: 0:30 istunion transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday said india is planning to build a sea bridge and tunnel connecting sri lanka.
;;0.128;;it has now been decided that unless possession of land to the extent of at least 80 per cent for bot and 90 per cent epc projects is available, no project shall be awarded, gadkari said.
;;0.6249;;both are mature and i am sure they will take the right decision, gadkari told a tv channel.
;;0.0;;30 pc of driving licences are bogus: gadkarinagpur, apr 1, 2017, (pti) 14:27 istunion road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari today said 30 per cent of the driving licences in the country are bogus.
;;0.0;;now onwards the driving licences will be electronically registered under umbrella of e-governance, gadkari said here.
;;0.0;;now any person, small or big, will not get the licence without clearing the driving test, said gadkari.
;;0.0;;gadkari said the government is looking at installation of such devices at the manufacturing stage itself.
;;-0.25;;union minister and the bjp's election in-charge for goa, nitingadkari gadkari said, parrikar will resign as the defence minister before taking oath as chief minister of goa.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari said rahul was trying to make the hyderabad university a den of political activity.
;;-0.4939;;govt to protect ram setunew delhi, aug 14, 2014, dhns: 2:04 istshipping minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday said that the government would submit a proposal to the supreme court to resolve the impasse over the sethusamudram shipping canal project, but would no way cause damage to the ram setu.
;;0.7096;;we will submit before the supreme court such a proposal which would be acceptable to all and which would provide a way out (of the impasse over sethusamudram project), gadkari told the lok sabha during question hour.
;;0.5574;;noting that the issues related to sethusamudram project were pending before the supreme court, gadkari said that he had of late been briefed about four alternative proposals for the project.
;;0.6249;;gadkari had last night said that he is ready to accept any responsibility given to him by the party's central leadership.
;;0.7589;;this magnitude was not killed in wars, epidemic and militancy, gadkari told reporters while releasing the report.
;;0.0;;the money will be transferred into the jan dhan bank accounts, union minister nitingadkari gadkari told reporters at a briefing on the cabinet decisions.
;;0.25;;the bill will be tabled in parliament next week, road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari told dh after the meeting, saying the cabinet endorsed all suggestions made by the parliamentary standing committee on transport and culture.
;;0.6249;;this would ensure the integrity of the online services and stop creation of duplicate licences, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;by passing of motor vehicles (amendment bill, 2015) the road transport and highways ministry has brought e-vehicles - e-carts, e-rickshaws - under the ambit of motor vehicles act, 1988, gadkari said.
;;-0.4019;;we have cancelled 27 tolls and in the next one year we will cancel another 45 tolls, we want them to be toll-free, gadkari said.
;;-0.3182;;rahul disrespected nation's judicial system: gadkarinew delhi, dec 10, 2015, (pti) 17:17 istaccusing rahul gandhi of disrespecting the country's judicial system, union minister nitingadkari gadkari today asked congress to adopt democratic means to oppose the government instead of levelling false allegations.
;;-0.6369;;by saying that the court's order was under pressure from the prime minister, rahul gandhi has disrespected the judicial system of the country, gadkari said addressing the jagran forum of dainik jagran here.
;;0.0;;congress should reply to it, gadkari said.
;;-0.6597;;asserting that bjp has no connection to this case, gadkari said it is ridiculous that the congress was falsely accusing it.
;;0.7184;;twenty recycling plants coming up on ganga: gadkarinew delhi, mar 12, 2016 (pti) 14:44 istthe government is putting in massive efforts to conserve ecology that include setting up of 20 water recycling plants along the ganga and create huge employment opportunities, union minister nitingadkari gadkari today said.
;;0.0258;;eradication of poverty is our mission through creation of huge jobs, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;by these two missions, we can make the life of people a sustainable one, gadkari said.
;;0.4201;;referring to the cordial relations between the two countries, gadkari said new delhi is fully ready to cooperate with tehran on development of chabahar port.
;;0.0;;on the road building target, gadkari said, we are doing 12 km per day of road construction which will be scaled up to 30 km per day after two years.
;;0.0;;besides, on the issue of land acquisition, gadkari said: this land acquisition bill is not anti-farmers.
;;0.0;;the inland waterways bill to convert 101 rivers across the country into transport channels will be introduced in parliament on april 20, gadkari said.
;;0.4588;;speaking at the function, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said the benefit of fall in oil prices has not been fully passed on to the passengers, even though fares have come down.
;;0.0;;gadkari, however, said: i will not do so now that i am a minister.
;;0.0;;5 lakh, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;both of them were unanimously elected by the legislators to head the next government, gadkari said.
;;0.7964;;when asked why rupani was chosen when he wanted to serve the party, gadkari said: our party believes in democracy and the decision was taken as per the will of the party members.
;;0.2023;;briefing reporters after the meeting chaired by prime minister narendera modi, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said the supreme court had passed a judgement that if a cheque was received from someone and it bounces, then the jurisdiction for initiating action lies in the state where it was issued.
;;0.0;;gadkari said if there were three cases of bounced cheques against one person, then all these cases could be brought to one place and clubbed.
;;0.7003;;karnataka, too, has achieved some prestigious awards for an efficient transportation system, gadkari said.
;;0.4404;;gadkari said that the alliance was made firm by the late shiv sena supremo balasaheb thackeray and late bjp leader pramod mahajan.
;;-0.5106;;gadkari tries to placate reddy brotherslast updated: 12 august, 2011bellary , aug 12 (pti) 17:49 istin an attempt to placate mining magnates and reddy brothers who failed to get minsiterial berths in karnataka, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today told them that ministerial post is not permanent in politics.
;;0.6908;;ours is a party of dedicated workers, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;govt to table inland waterways bill in parliament on may 5shillong, may 1, 2015 (pti) 13:29 istthe bill on converting 101 rivers across the country into waterways will be tabled in parliament on may 5, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said today.
;;-0.0772;;gadkari said the government is aiming to reduce traffic burden from roads and promote water transportation where the cost is barely 50 paise a km in comparison to re 1 by railways and rs 1.
;;-0.1027;;pti file photoit is unfair to link cow vigilante groups to bjp as the party does not back them, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said today as he stoutly defended the government's development agenda.
;;-0.6249;;gadkari said violence in the name of protecting cows should not have happened.
;;0.1134;;bjp, vhp, sangh (parivar) and our government do not support such elements, gadkari said, adding that the party was, however, against cow slaughter.
;;0.2846;;gadkari further said that free lpg connections under the ujjwala yojana were not just given to hindus but also to muslims and so were the zero balance bank accounts under jan dhan yojana.
;;0.6369;;it is a bold decision and a commitment to the environment, gadkari told reporters after the meeting.
;;0.4588;;gadkari also said he would appeal to automobile manufacturers to cooperate in the larger interest of the country.
;;0.0;;any debate about the choice of ministers in the karnataka government at this stage in the media is totally unnecessary, gadkari said.
;;0.4019;;in today's statement, gadkari said bjp is a democratic party and always follows the democratic procedure of government-formation in states when it is returned to power.
;;0.0;;the chief minister, in exercise of his constitutional prerogative, forms his cabinet in consultation with the party's central and state leadership, gadkari said.
;;0.886;;it is the considered position of bjp that all our cabinet ministers in karnataka government are the unanimous choice of the party, both central as well as the state, and are equally capable and committed to providing good governance to the people of karnataka, gadkari said.
;;-0.3089;;i told him that we do not have the support which we were expecting, gadkari told reporters here.
;;0.0;;he told me that we have to form the government and asked me to go to goa immediately, gadkari, in-charge of bjp's goa unit, said.
;;0.2732;;i spoke to parrikar as well, gadkari said.
;;0.4019;;at 5 am, they (mgp and gfp) put a condition that they will support bjp only if parrikar is made the chief minister, gadkari said.
;;0.4019;;gadkari, who was in mumbai, told reporters that he had visited the yacht while he was on way to norway for a family holiday.
;;-0.6597;;it is scared and that is why it is making efforts to stop people like anna hazare and baba ramdev from agitating against corruption and black money, bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari said here.
;;0.1901;;countries like germany and usa have been able to bring back the black money but india has not, gadkari said castigating the centre for sending its ministers to receive ramdev at delhi airport.
;;0.25;;recalling his meeting with mufti in delhi, gadkari said the late pdp leader had a dream for the state which included tourism, development and infrastructure among other things.
;;0.7269;;in his long speech on the first day of the party national executive meet here, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari said our wishes would be fulfilled with the cooperation of all the communities on the issue of the construction of a ram temple.
;;0.4215;;gadkari said ram temple was an issue of faith, not an election issue.
;;-0.1336;;when pointed out that gadkari has already refused to give up his ministerial berth and enter state politics, mungantiwar said, we are surprised that gadkari has said that he doesn't want to be in the state.
;;0.802;;govt plans to convert 101 rivers into waterways: gadkarinew delhi, jan 18, 2015, pti: 13:09 istkeen on promoting water transport to propel economic growth, the government has set an ambitious target to convert 101 rivers across the nation into waterways, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said.
;;0.0;;the parliament nod would be sought on a bill in this regard for converting any river into a waterway, gadkari told pti.
;;0.0;;last month gadkari has said, ninety per cent of the exim cargo in india is transported through ships but the contribution of domestic cargo in it is only 10 per cent.
;;0.4019;;the data will help for preparation of detailed project report for upgrading roads, gadkari said.
;;-0.3252;;transport minister nitingadkari gadkari told deccan herald that the government will not compromise on safety issues, whether it is low-end cars or high-end ones.
;;0.2263;;it is true we expected an absolute majority but even this victory is very big, gadkari told reporters here.
;;0.34;;we will certainly form a government in maharashtra, said gadkari.
;;-0.0772;;gadkari takes a dig at critics of modiamid a continuing political slugfest over the beef issue, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday that he is thankful that at least the recent stampede in mecca has not been attributed to prime minister narendra modi, pti reports new delhi.
;;0.0;;what can be done, gadkari said.
;;0.0772;;replying to a number of queries on the beef controversy at a press conference at indian womens press corps (iwpc) here, gadkari said, this is not a major political issue.
;;0.0;;faster highways, more waterways to come: gadkarinew delhi, dec 20, 2014, (ians) : 2:40 istthe central government aims to construct 30 km of highways every day in the next two years, and has also asked the industry to invest in development of inland waterways in the country, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said saturday.
;;0.0;;we aim to construct at least 30 km per day in two years, gadkari said at a conclave organised by phd chamber of commerce.
;;0.5719;;emphasising the need to control pollution, gadkari said the government will promote the use of biofuel, such as biodiesel and bioethanol, for public transport in cities as well as in school buses.
;;0.0;;gadkari said the government also has plans to develop toll bridges and roadside service centres to develop transport infrastructure in the country.
;;0.7506;;the decision will be endorsed by the party mlas at a meeting in dehradun tomorrow,party president nitingadkari gadkari said after a four-hour long meeting with nishank and other senior party leaders.
;;0.4019;;gadkari said that it was conveyed to nishank that the party wanted a change of leadership in the state in view of the elections.
;;0.2716;;6-trillion financing institution that will fund highway projects across the country with a 26-percent stake held by japanese companies, to achieve a target of 30 km of road-laying per day, nitingadkari gadkari, one of the most important ministers in the government of prime minister narendra modi, has said.
;;-0.25;;gadkari said when he took charge of the ministry last year, there were 240 projects in all under the public-private partnership (ppp) model, out of which 186 were stuck.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari had announced mangaluru as the port city but the state government had proposed that bidadi-ramanagar, tumakuru, devanhalli be declared as satellite cities.
;;0.25;;gadkari, who visited mehbooba immediately after sonia left, said the bjp and the pdp will together fulfil the late muftis vision for the state.
;;0.802;;transport minister nitingadkari gadkari told media that government is open to accepting good suggestions offered by other parties.
;;-0.0258;;making a formal announcement in new delhi on the change of guard in the state, bjp national president nitingadkari gadkari said: in view of the current political situation in karnataka, gowda has handed over his resignation to me and i accepted it.
;;0.8519;;praising gowda several times during the short press briefing, gadkari said in his tenure, gowda did good work and the performance of our government was very good.
;;0.8151;;there were no complaints against him on grounds of corruption but keeping the partys interest in mind, as a good party worker, he has resigned, gadkari said after a nearly two-hour meeting with gowda.
;;0.6597;;to a question on whether the party would give any post to gowda, gadkari said the party was yet to take a decision.
;;0.4404;;those who said there was zero corruption in 2g spectrum, those who first called baba ramdev a saint and talked to him three-four times, those who talked to anna hazare 10 times, then said these people were good, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari said.
;;-0.2023;;certain court decisions difficult to implement: gadkarinew delhi, nov 5, 2014, (pti): 18:28 istunion minister nitingadkari gadkari today said certain decisions of the courts are difficult to be executed by the government.
;;-0.4215;;i am sorry to say in many cases, the way in which decisions are given by the courts, it is difficult to execute, gadkari, who is the minister for road transport, highways and shipping, said here.
;;-0.4588;;with regard to woes faced by the country's infrastructure sector, gadkari said efforts are being made to convert the problems into opportunities.
;;0.0;;gadkari says possible in 2016new delhi, dec 20, 2015, (pti) 18:23 istwhen it's about highways, nitingadkari gadkari -- the 'flyover man from maharashtra' -- seems to know the way to take it to a new high and his latest is linking delhi with thailand for an over 4,000-km road trip in 2016.
;;0.3818;;as he sought to implement a number of initiatives in the year passing by to expand the road network in the country and removing the bottlenecks, gadkari said his target is now to take the road building capacity to 100 km a day.
;;0.0;;people will not believe (now), gadkari told pti in an interview here.
;;0.5719;;talking about the progress made on various fronts in the roads and highways sector during 2015, gadkari said projects worth lakhs of crores of rupees are being completed.
;;0.4767;;nothing is impossible, said gadkari who has been known as one of the key persons behind the former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee's ambitious 'pradhan mantri gram sadak yojna' project.
;;0.0772;;a trilateral pact between india-myanmar-thailand (imt) is expected by march 2016, gadkari said while adding that the landmark bangladesh, bhutan, india, nepal (bbin) motor pact has already been inked with identification of 14 routes for passenger services and 7 routes for cargo movement.
;;0.2263;;at least rs 5,000 crore, one per cent of the rs 5 lakh crore worth of road projects, will be spent on greening of highways, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;i will transform india's infrastructure in a manner that after five years, people would not be able to believe what they are seeing, gadkari said while listing out his 'incredible-sounding' ideas.
;;0.0;;gadkari said he inherited rs 3.
;;0.6486;;a confident gadkari however said the government is committed to providing at least 50 lakh jobs to people in the highways and shipping sectors.
;;0.0;;gadkari said plan is to build durable concrete roads and a portal with the initiative has resulted in booking of 95 lakh tonnes of cement online for highways apart from sale of 3 lakh tonnes by 37 cement makers.
;;-0.4215;;in delhi, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said the union cabinet, at a meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi, discussed the myanmar operation but refused to divulge into any details.
