;;0.0;;29: bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today claimed that a change of government at the centre had become inevitable and that the next bjp-led ministry would bring back the black money parked outside the country.
;;0.101;;the congress is too reluctant to lay its hands on the black money stashed in foreign countries, though it knows very well who has kept it and where, gadkari told a bjp rally held to mark the culmination of the partys 41-day thamarai yatra across tamil nadu.
;;0.4767;;he said gadkari had asked port officials to create adequate parking space for trucks and trailers to prevent road congestion.
;;0.0;;gadkari said.
;;0.4019;;hence, first manage your home and look after your children properly, then work for the party and country, gadkari said.
;;0.6126;;gadkari had earlier said that people love those who spin dreams but if those dreams are not fulfilled, those leaders are thrashed by the people.
;;0.1779;;we are trying to find out scientific solutions and also assist in getting loan from world bank for their implementation, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;gadkari, accompanied by arunachal pradesh chief minister pema khandu, said at roing, his first port of call, that these infrastructure projects would not only generate employment but also usher in overall development of the northeast.
;;0.0;;gadkari had said during a media teleconference on september 15 that the centre had decided to take up the bridge repair work following a request from chief minister jitan ram manjhi.
;;0.6124;;gadkariji recently said small leaders like sanjay joshi can be sacrificed for a big one like modi, he alleged.
;;-0.8779;;these whispers are unlikely to die down anytime soon: at another event, mr gadkari asked, somewhat rhetorically  and pointedly  who should be blamed for the poor performance of legislators and parliamentarians.
;;-0.296;;there should be no politics over development and the government at the centre is pursuing this policy, said gadkari at the inauguration of the driving centre.
;;0.3612;;underlining the importance of the new facility, gadkari said the country needs 22 lakh trained drivers and those willing to take up the work would become employable after proper training.
;;0.4019;;deputy chief minister tejashwi yadav was also present at the foundation stone-laying function where gadkari said the centre was willing to provide all help to bihar for its development.
;;0.4939;;telegraph picturepatna: the tender for strengthening and repairing the ara-mohania road will be floated in one month, union minister nitingadkari gadkari announced in new delhi on wednesday.
;;0.0;;in the similar context, gadkariji today said that the tender for the ara-mohania national highway road for its repairing would be floated in one month.
;;0.0;;on the proposed four-lane bridge parallel to the mahatma gandhi setu in patna, gadkari said it was under consideration of the public investment board after which the tender would be issued.
;;0.8779;;i am trying my best to present the road transport and safety bill, 2014, in the next session of parliament to get its approval, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari today told a meeting of the transport development council.
;;-0.7717;;gadkari said the government had set a target of bringing down the number of road accidents by half in the next two years from an average of five lakh that kill around 1.
;;0.0;;it said diversions  under the forest rights act (fra)  would be allowed for linear projects such as roads, canals, pipelines and transmission lines, echoing what road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had recently said.
;;0.0;;gadkari had said national highways were meant for development of local areas and the process of taking over land for such projects should be made smooth.
;;0.0;;gupta's younger brother nitingadkari said naveen used to work as a part-time news collector.
;;-0.1531;;union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, in reply to a letter to chief minister naveen patnaik on tuesday, has said that four projects in the state, including the brahmani bridge, were delayed for want of forest clearances and land issues.
;;0.6908;;kishore tiwari, who is considered close to the rss and knows gadkari well, tells the telegraph, i would be surprised if gadkari has said these things without thinking about the consequences within and outside the party.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari, who spoke before nitish, said the centre was constructing a greenfield expressway from lucknow to gorakhpur and ballia and suggested that the expressway be connected to patna.
;;-0.4588;;gadkari categorically said that of 97 cities across the country, patna polluted the ganga the most.
;;0.0;;gadkari had then asked the state to send proposals on priority.
;;0.0;;the state government will provide land to us, and we will build it, gadkari said after the meeting and added that discussions were also held on constructing an elevated road in rajgir in nalanda district.
;;0.6808;;processing of tenders and their approval is going on for 10 projects worth rs 10,000 crore, while detailed project reports are being made for 22 projects, gadkari said.
;;-0.296;;gadkari, who has the shipping portfolio, said no barrage will be constructed along the ganga from varanasi to haldia as part of the 1,620-km national waterway-i between allahabad and haldia.
;;-0.4767;;briefing gadkari on the situation, chowdhury and dutta said from october 1, the railway link between agartala, silchar and sabroom would be suspended because of the gauge conversion work between lumding-badarpur and silchar in assam.
;;0.0;;i think that whatever nitingadkari gadkari has said is his well-considered view.
;;0.0;;gadkari, who holds a host of portfolios including surface transport and shipping, hasnt said anything directly about the prime minister or the bjp president.
;;0.0;;istock photominister nitingadkari gadkari, in a series of tweets, has said that india will stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
;;0.8048;;sapne dikhane wale logon ko achchhe lagte hai, par dikhaye hue sapne jab pure nahi hote hai to un netaon ki log pitai bhi karte hain (people love those who spin dreams but if those dreams are not fulfilled, those leaders are thrashed by the people), gadkari said on friday, a smile spreading on his face.
;;0.25;;its a dream, gadkari said, asked about his plans for using the waterways.
;;0.6124;;gadkari claimed that the dreams he had so far shown people had been fulfilled and acknowledged that the ganga dream was bahut (very) difficult.
;;0.0;;addressing the rally, gadkari said he got an sms on a conversation between two college girls.
;;0.4939;;reply: his mouth smells of onion, gadkari said to peels of laughter.
;;0.0;;a doctor suggested that the father take his daughter to prime minister manmohan singh, which he did, gadkari said.
;;0.3612;;i have assured him that the centre would do the needful, said gadkari.
;;0.0;;gadkari said: the centre will start the bridge repair afresh within four months.
;;0.3818;;gadkari, who was in ranchi in february to attend the global investors' summit, had also said that nhai would pump in an additional rs 1,000 crore (rs 1,479 crore has already been sanctioned) to ensure the project was completed by december 2018.
;;0.5859;;gadkari, who was a guest at a dinner hosted by the indian journalists' association, said he was looking for big people with sentimental links to the ganga and to india - by which he meant wealthy indian businessmen in the uk.
;;-0.5719;;gadkari clarified that he had no business dealings with mallya the telegraph file pictureunion minister nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday that it was not correct to call one-time loan defaulter vijay mallyaji a chor (thief), adding that the fugitive businessman had a four-decade-long track record of timely debt servicing.
;;0.0;;this mindset is not correct, gadkari said at an economic summit.
;;-0.2732;;stating that ups and downs were part and parcel of any business, gadkari said: there are risks in the business, be it banking or insurance, there are ups and downs.
;;0.0;;when the nhai rules stipulate that 90 per cent land acquisition is necessary to begin the work, how come nitingadkari gadkari announced in june last that work on the bridge would begin within 15 days and dilip babu clapped to that?
;;0.3182;;in response to bjd mp bhartruhari mahatab's query on the tribunal, gadkari on thursday told the lok sabha: i am inviting the odisha government for a discussion.
;;0.0;;gadkari had said the proposal for a composite tribunal was pending before the law ministry.
;;-0.6124;;lack of water is the main problem, gadkari told a news conference.
;;-0.757;;but the quality of the latrines is so poor that people do not use them, gadkari said, adding many do not have proper septic tanks while others do not have walls or sewage systems.
;;0.25;;on september 15, 2014, union minister for road transport, highways and shipping, nitingadkari gadkari said the centre would undertake comprehensive repairing work of gandhi setu.
;;0.6124;;23: union minister nitingadkari gadkari today said he was happy in delhi amid reports that his supporters pitch for him to be made maharashtra chief minister had annoyed the bjp leadership.
;;0.5719;;i have said it 10 times and i will say it again that i am happy in new delhi, gadkari said in comments being seen as a climb-down.
;;-0.296;;gadkari told reporters: there is no race between devendra fadnavis and me.
