;;-0.5423;;gadkari said people suffer due to unauthorized layouts.
;;0.0;;gadkari announced road connecting city with katol and umred will be converted into four-lane.
;;0.0;;gadkari had told a gathering of women selfhelp groups in nagpur.
;;-0.8225;;mumbai: union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on sunday that those political leaders who sell dreams to people but fail to make them a reality get beaten up by the public.
;;0.8674;;but if these dreams are not realised, then they beat them up (politically) as well, gadkari said, speaking at a function to induct actor isha koppikar into the party.
;;-0.743;;in december, gadkari had said in pune that the leadership should own up to defeat and failure.
;;0.0;;again in yavatmal on january 13, gadkari said politicians should not interfere in other fields.
;;0.2411;;to this, gadkari said the road should be constructed keeping the future requirement in sight so that it does not lead to accidents.
;;0.0;;the state government has already provided rs600 crore for land acquisition for all these road widening projects, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;on similar lines, gadkari also asked the nmc to develop budhwar bazaar in sakkardara.
;;-0.4215;;panaji: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday said that he has given up on developing water transport in goa and it pained him to say it.
;;0.0;;both gadkari and the cm said politics should not come in the way of development.
;;0.5106;;gadkari said he is hopeful of taking all central ministers from delhi, city mps, chief minister and his deputy in an aeroboat on yamuna from delhi to agra in january.
;;0.4019;;talking to mediapersons on the sidelines of a review meeting on namami gange and other schemes with bihar cm nitish kumar and other senior officials, gadkari said the narendra modi-led government has targeted to make 80  of ganga clean by 2019 by executing numerous schemes under namami gange programme.
;;0.0;;gadkari said 10 cities have been identified which contribute the most in the pollution of ganga with kanpur topping the chart.
;;0.3818;;we have asked up government to ensure zero discharge from sugar factories, paper mills and other industrial units, which lead to high discharge of pollutants in the ganga, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;on construction of barrages in ganga under inland waterways schemes, gadkari said, we are not constructing any barrage in ganga between varansi and haldia.
;;0.0;;asked about of possibility of running sea planes in the country, gadkari said, the centre will formulate a new law for operation of sea planes in the country.
;;0.0;;all tussle among states on water issues will end once the availability increases, union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari said in the presence of the chief ministers of delhi, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, rajasthan , haryana and himachal pradesh.
;;0.5719;;the ministry will soon take up the issue of all the three projects to cabinet for approval and subsequently tenders will be floated for construction work, gadkari said.
;;0.1531;;gadkari said the increased availability of water in the yamuna will meet delhis water demand for the next 50 years.
;;0.5994;;welcoming nadar, union minister nitingadkari gadkari, who has also conceptualized the khasdar mahotsav, said that the unit is a much awaited event for the city, as it will create more than 2,000 jobs initially.
;;-0.7184;;on saturday, speaking at an event, gadkari had said, leadership should have the vrutti (tendency) to own up to defeat and failures.
;;0.0;;gadkari said, this is an event that has been organized with a view to provide a platform to people, especially in the cultural field.
;;0.0;;gadkari said: with implementation of these specifications, the river will not be dry as these specifications were a result of scientific study.
;;0.4019;;besides, gadkari has said 48 new cities have been identified on either side of the ganga and its tributaries for projects to clean the river.
;;0.4215;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said that only bjp worked for dalits in true sense.
;;-0.4767;;they tell dalits that you will be oppressed by a bjp government, said gadkari.
;;0.6597;;gadkari in his speech said that he had fulfilled all the promises made to people of nagpur.
;;-0.296;;speaking at the inauguration of ms golwalkar gurukul, gadkari said no decision on starting the university here could be taken for long.
;;0.0;;gadkari said he then met the late cm naik and advised him not to include more people in the committee for university.
;;0.3818;;reiterating his commitment to the holy river, gadkari said he was the ganga minister.
;;0.3612;;explaining development work done by the nda-led bjp government at the centre, gadkari said the much-awaited delhi-meerut expressway will be ready by april.
;;0.0;;gadkari said irrigation facilities will be built to cover 40  of the farmland in the state.
;;-0.128;;toi has learnt that gadkari has asked baijal and dev to sort out the tree cutting issue by taking it up with chief minister arvind kejriwal as soon as possible.
;;-0.296;;sources said gadkari told the officials that nhai would have no option than terminating contracts for the project, if the approvals dont happen.
;;0.7964;;speaking at the launch of the world orange festival here on friday, gadkari said that there was a demand for separate state of vidarbha and, he supported and respected the issue.
;;0.8316;;both gadkari and fadnavis, after winning the 2014 elections, have said that bjp would pass a resolution in favour of separate vidarbha in parliament if congress supports it.
;;0.4215;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari said the central government has approved rs800 crore for inter-modal station proposed at ajni and works are set to begin soon.
;;0.2023;;gadkari said the government never executed any project at the cost of livelihood of people.
;;0.5859;;after successful test run of the seaplane in mumbai on saturday, shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari had announced the government coming out with a policy for this mode of transport in the next three months.
;;0.5859;;gadkari on monday had said that a private player is keen to procure 100 seaplanes and there is huge potential for these planes in india.
;;0.0;;shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari said two feet water will be maintained round the year once the project gets completed.
;;0.0;;addressing a public meeting at sri anandpur sahib, gadkari said that six-lane national highway delhi to beas will be upgraded up to sri amritsar .
;;0.0;;gadkari said he was all set to donate 10 methanol-run buses each to mumbai, navi-mumbai, pune and guwahati as a pilot project.
;;0.5423;;gadkari asked the officials to award the work to two agencies instead of one.
;;0.0;;gadkari asked mudgal to immediately acquire the land.
;;0.0;;gadkari asked nmc officials and office-bearers to keep following up with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;gadkari asked nit chairman mudgal and municipal commissioner abhijit bangad to hold a meeting immediately and finalize the terms and conditions for transfer of ownership.
;;0.0;;new delhi: the road transport and highways ministry will seek separate budgetary allocation of rs 5,000 crore for introducing government-owned electric bus fleets and building world-class bus ports across the country, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has said.
;;0.4019;;the ministry plans to set up special purpose vehicles with state governments and road transport corporations, under which it will provide funds to procure electric buses and modernise public transport system, gadkari told et.
;;0.0;;i will soon write to finance minister arun jaitley regarding the same along with pushing the proposal with state transport ministers, gadkari said.
;;0.4939;;this is the only way we can get people to use e-vehicles and at the same time strengthening our public transport system, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;we are working on having a charging infrastructure through which people will be able to charge their batteries within half an hour, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;during interrogation, nitingadkari told police he was earlier working as a parking attendant in south delhi.
;;0.4767;;this story is from january 14, 2019nitin gadkari said he will try to get cabinets approval before code of conduct for general elections comes in.
;;0.7783;;traffic police confirmed the stretch between kongaon and majiwade faced jams as thousands of bjp supporters turned up to attend a foundation-laying ceremony of road improvement work at anjur dive, where union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis announced projects worth crores including elevated double-decker 'airbuses', metro lines and waterways to reduce road congestion.
;;0.0258;;virendra kukreja, standing committee chairman of nmc, told toi, gadkari told dixit to find a solution to prevent accidents of school children.
;;0.0;;gadkari asked it to supply the treated water to playgrounds and construction sites.
;;0.0;;shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari said two feet water will be maintained round the year once the project gets completed.
;;-0.128;;toi has learnt that gadkari has asked baijal and dev to sort out the tree cutting issue by taking it up with chief minister arvind kejriwal as soon as possible.
;;-0.296;;sources said gadkari told the officials that nhai would have no option than terminating contracts for the project, if the approvals dont happen.
;;0.0;;mumbai: union roads minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday said the government will be soon announcing a policy which calls for 15 per cent blending of methanol in petrol to make it cheaper and also reduce pollution.
;;0.0;;in the upcoming parliament session, i am announcing a policy of blending 15 per cent methanol in petrol, gadkari said at an event.
;;0.4019;;gadkari said swedish auto major volvo has got a special engine to the financial capital which runs on methanol and using the locally available methanol, he will be attempting to run 25 buses entirely on the fuel.
;;0.2023;;gadkari said the total investment opportunity on ethanol alone if rs 1.
;;0.0;;gadkari said said many firsts in the country were lined up as massive works were underway on projects for turning 11 rivers into waterways besides pilot run of aeroboats on ganga on january 26.
;;0.0;;of the 111 rivers to be converted into waterways, projects are underway on 11, gadkari said.
;;0.7351;;but if these dreams are not realised, then they beat them up (politically) as well, gadkari said, speaking at a function here.
;;-0.3919;;i was ridiculed but i proved them wrong and completed every project i had promised, gadkari said.
;;-0.7184;;in december, gadkari said at an event in pune that leadership should have the tendency to own up defeat and failures.
;;0.6705;;as the comments created a controversy, gadkari said his statements had been twisted and alleged there was a sinister campaign by some opposition parties and a section of the media to twist his comments and draw politically motivated inferences to malign him and his party.
;;0.0;;at the valedictory function of the annual marathi literary meet at yavatmal on january 13, gadkari said politicians should not interfere in other fields.
;;0.0;;without making a direct reference to the row, gadkari had said, politicians should learn not to interfere in other fields.
;;-0.4767;;in a series of tweets, gadkari said he did not need a certificate from rahul about his guts and squarely blamed congress for pushing farmers to their present state of affairs.
;;0.0;;udaysingh yadav, general secretary of nagpur district congress committee, said that gadkari had announced on october 29, 2018 that the mansar toll plaza would be shifted to vicinity of khawasa from january 1, 2019.
;;0.3818;;nagpur: this is the generation of skill development, innovation and entrepreneurs, so colleges must prepare their students for it from the very beginning by inculcating courses in the curriculum, said union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.0;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had said on february 23 that operations would begin by month-end.
;;0.4019;;earlier, during his replies, gadkari said his ministry had taken up expansion work and construction of highways across the country with special focus on the north-east.
;;0.4201;;i really thank you, gadkari said.
;;-0.0258;;though the authorities have agreed to our demands of getting the guest faculty for our department, they have refused to take any action against the chairperson, said nitingadkari , a student of the indian theatre department.
;;0.4215;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said on sunday that bjp was committed to development of muslims and they should not fall prey to false propaganda of other political parties.
;;-0.2411;;if such people issue anti-minority statements, bjp should not be held responsible, said gadkari.
;;0.0;;youths should be trained to become entrepreneurs so that they provide jobs to others, said gadkari.
;;-0.8225;;mumbai: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday said political leaders who sell dreams to people but fail to make them a reality get beaten up by public.
;;0.25;;gadkari reportedly asked the chief minister to postpone the fresh tenders floated for the execution of the work, which had been taken away from transtroy.
;;0.0516;;in reply, gadkari said giving powers to mayors meant a weapon with sharpness on both sides.
;;-0.5423;;taking a jibe on activism, gadkari said, the atmosphere is bad.
;;-0.2263;;in september, at an event of the society of indian automobile manufacturers siam ), gadkari had said that he would drag those in the industry who resist change or ask for an extended deadline to shift to electric vehicles he then set a target of moving to an all-electric fleet by the year 2030.
;;0.3818;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari asked singh to ensure that all ntpc thermal power plants along ganga river used treated sewage water.
;;0.0;;gadkari also said that a 1,000 electric taxis would start plying in the city from next month.
;;0.0;;gadkari said gadchiroli has vast mineral, water and forest resources, but it remained aloof from development.
;;0.7184;;gadkari said that a ' clean ganga fund ' managed by a trust headed by union finance minister arun jaitley already has rs 220 crore.
;;0.0;;gadkari said that his ministry has already received sponsorship of around rs 2,000 crore from big industrial houses and nris for the project.
;;0.0;;gadkari also announced that the ken-betwa river link project would be kicked off soon.
;;0.5574;;releasing the report on thursday, union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said the government wants to put a brake on huge increase in the private vehicles segment.
;;0.3887;;gadkari said he supported industries not because he favoured industrialists, but because they could create jobs.
;;0.6705;;in an interaction with ets bodhisatva ganguli at the et awards for corporate excellence, gadkari said that around 150 projects worth rs 2 lakh crore are stuck as getting financial closure from banks has become difficult.
;;0.4767;;gadkari said that since chief minister yogi adityanath has requested, the ministry would ensure that a water transport system is launched before kumbh.
;;0.0;;after a review of pwd, irrigation and namami gange project, gadkari said that 'bhumi pujan' for conversion of lucknow-kanpur road into an expressway would be held in march.
;;-0.4215;;gadkari said that road projects worth rs 60,000 crore are going on in up and if land acquisition problem is dealt with, centre is targeting to build roads costing rs 2 lakh crore in up alone by 2019.
;;-0.1027;;talking to media, gadkari said that all disputes over ken-betwa river linking project between madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh have been resolved and prime minister narendra modi would lay the foundation stone of the project in two months.
;;0.0;;gadkari said that efforts would be made to complete the first phase in three years instead 'of the estimated five years.
;;-0.296;;gadkari said that he has suggested underground piped canal instead of open one to stop water leakage.
;;0.1779;;the 31-km expressway project with three-lane service road on each side is a big ticket project that the centre has approved after rigorous follow-up by north east delhi mp manoj tiwari, gadkari told the gathering.
;;0.0;;listing out the steps undertaken by his ministry with nearly rs 50,000 crore investment, gadkari said reducing traffic jams and air and water pollution are the priorities of the central government.
;;0.0;;gadkari said work on the delhi-meerut expressway will be completed by april.
;;0.8271;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said he will try his level best to upgrade laxminarayan institute of technology (lit) as the education imparted here is of top quality and therefore needed to be given a boost.
;;0.4939;;speaking at the global alumni meet 2018 organized on lit campus, gadkari said, conversion of knowledge into wealth is our future.
;;0.3818;;this budget ensures welfare of every section of the society and fulfils bjp commitment of sabka saath sabka vikas, said gadkari.
;;0.0;;new delhi: union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday asked water research institutions to show result of their studies on the ground or face closure.
;;0.4588;;underlining that merely writing books and publishing research papers would not suffice, gadkari also said that deliberations and outcome of seminars and conferences should be visible on the ground and benefit the farmers and common man.
;;-0.5994;;if you are not going to justify it (ones role), no problem, then you have to quit, said gadkari while addressing an international conference on ground water.
;;0.2732;;the central government has decided to enhance the sugar price from rs30 to rs34/kg and to develop ethanol-based sugar factories to alleviate the condition of the factories as well as the farmers, gadkari said, adding he has requested automobile majors in the country to manufacture ethanol-based vehicle.
;;0.4767;;gadkari, who is also the union minister of river development and ganga rejuvenation, said the government has earmarked rs26 crore for effective check on pollution besides the conservation and rejuvenation of river ganga.
;;-0.875;;new delhi: a day after he raised eyebrows with his observation that calling vijay mallya a thief for committing a fraud was unfair, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday claimed that his statements have been taken out of context.
;;0.0;;gadkari also claimed that he was only trying to explain that booms and busts are part of business.
;;0.0;;all tussle between states on water issues will end once the availability increases, union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari said in the presence of chief ministers from delhi, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, rajasthan, haryana and himachal pradesh.
;;0.5719;;the ministry will soon take up the issue of all the three projects to cabinet for approval and subsequently tenders will be floated for construction work, gadkari said.
;;0.4019;;gadkari said road works of over rs 10 trillion have been awarded by his ministry over the last four-and-a-half years.
;;0.3612;;gadkari, who is credited for building the countrys first expresswaythe mumbai-pune expressway in the 1990s when he was the roads minister in maharashtra , said 12 new expressways are under construction in india.
;;0.6249;;faizabad/allahabad: union minister nitingadkari gadkari announced a bonanza for ayodhya on friday by laying foundation of projects worth rs 7,195 crore and said the holy city's lifeline saryu will be well linked with ganga in kashi and the waterways network will straddle haldia in west bengal, bangladesh and also myanmar gadkari, who is union minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, claimed transportation of commodities through waterways would cost less compared to rail and air traffic and create more jobs.
;;0.0;;gadkari said: once the waterways is developed in up, mangoes, potatoes and sugar would be carried to farflung areas.
;;-0.296;;in his earlier stop, allahabad, gadkari announced that ganga would be pollution-free by march 2020.
;;0.4019;;this story is from january 27, 2019work on 13 projects is on in delhi to clean the yamuna, said union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
;;0.6486;;new delhi: union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on saturday claimed that people would be able to drink yamuna water after one and a half years because of steps being taken to make the river clean and ensure its incessant flow.
;;0.2263;;addressing a public rally on yamuna bank in northeast delhi, gadkari said the centre has sanctioned projects worth rs 4,500 crore under namami gange programme for cleaning the river, which includes setting up of sewage treatment plants.
;;0.6249;;its my assurance to you that yamuna will be clean, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;for entrepreneurs from delhi, this can be a new business avenue and our government will give you the required permission, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;itll be taken at the level of pm and government, but i told my department to prepare technical designs of projects on where we can stop even pakistans share of water), gadkari told ani.
;;-0.296;;gadkari said, because of accelerated irrigation projects and aid provided by the centre for fast-paced infrastructure projects, yavatmal would no longer be known by its earlier label as farm-suicide capital.
;;-0.2924;;dharamshala (chambi): targeting congress, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on sunday that bjp does not promote family.
;;-0.7862;;pointing out that he himself comes from a poor family with no political background, gadkari said that in bjp, family clout is not required to succeed.
;;0.9274;;in fact, i approached the leaders to appoint me as general secretary, but they had faith in me and made me serve the post that great leaders like atalji and adwaniji had served, said gadkari.
;;-0.4404;;pune (maharashtra): union minister nitingadkari gadkari has said party leadership should own up to defeat and failures, adding that nobody is willing to take responsibility of failure, unlike success.
;;0.1154;;speaking at an event organised by the pune district urban cooperative banks association limited (pducbal), gadkari said, success has many fathers but failure is an orphan, as in politics when there is success, there will be a race to take credit but in case of failure, everybody will start pointing fingers at each other.
;;0.8934;;these projects will improve connectivity between assam and arunachal, and between district headquarters in the state, gadkari said, adding, these projects of strategic importance will create new employment opportunities for the people in the region and ensure socio-economic development .
;;-0.25;;5 lakh crore has been sanctioned for the northeast alone, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;gadkari said that the state of goa has filed an application for explanation/guidance of the report under section 5 (3) of isrwd act, 1956, and that the decision of the tribunal can be implemented only when the tribunal finalizes its further report under section (3) of the act and the same is notified by the central government.
;;0.2263;;gadkari, who held a review meeting with cm nitish kumar here, said the detailed project report of new patna-buxar-varanasi four-lane road was being prepared.
;;0.4215;;gadkari said a new bridge parallel to vikramshila setu at bhagalpur was also approved in the meeting.
;;0.4215;;similarly, the alignment of ring road for patna was approved and state government will provide land for the same, gadkari said.
;;0.7717;;of the 68 schemes under pm modis special package for bihar, work has already started on 36 schemes, 10 schemes are in the tender approval stage and dprs are being prepared for the remaining 22 schemes, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;announcing the project at a toi event in april last year, highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had said the entire stretch will be operational in less than three years from start of work.
;;0.0;;gadkari said, there are countless people in vidarbha, coming from different walks of life, who are tirelessly working for the betterment of the society.
;;0.0;;gadkari has said that nmc will give extra land to the metro agency instead.
;;0.0;;now we can accelerate the work at the nagpur project and very soon achieve our rs100 turn over crore target, said gadkari quoting ambani.
;;-0.128;;it was indecisive and delayed the purchase for years compromising on the national security, said gadkari.
;;-0.296;;gadkari said the congress-led opposition should now stop repeating the baseless allegations.
;;0.128;;he had expressed his interests in bikes then, but we had dissuaded him from buying one, said nitingadkari , puris college mate.
;;-0.3412;;nitin gadkari, minister of road transport and highways, said in a forum addressing businessmen that his personal experience of dealing with the rbi was not good.
;;0.0;;addressing the gathering, gadkari said, when parrikar and pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar approached me for permission for the third mandovi bridge as it comes under national highways, i gave permission immediately.
;;0.4215;;gadkari said that his ministry has approved around rs 15,000 crore development works for the state and goa has got rs 15,000 crore instead of rs 7 crore every year.
;;0.0;;gadkari said that work on the four-lane road from goa to mumbai is on fast track.
;;0.5499;;the remarks gain significance in the backdrop of bjp's loss in its bastions of madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh as well as in rajasthan last week, gadkari had said, success has many fathers but failure is an orphan, as when there is success, there will be a race to take credit but in case of failure, everybody will start pointing fingers at each other.
;;0.4939;;addressing the ib officers, gadkari said it was important to be polite in daily dealings and value human relationships.
;;0.0;;new delhi: major projects entailing an investment of rs 31,930 crore are in the pipeline to decongest the capital, including development of dwarka expressway at a cost of rs 6,000 crore, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said.
;;0.6705;;work has already been awarded for decongestion of dhaula kuan-airport corridor to be executed at a cost of rs 260 crore besides detailed project report (dpr) is in progress for rs 5,000 crore new ring road project (uer ii) for delhi, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;last month, chairing a high-level meeting attended by delhi lieutenant governor anil baijal, among others, gadkari had asked officials to expedite the urban extension road (uer) project.
;;0.0;;gadkari said apart from uer ii, bids have been invited for development of gurgaon-sohna road with elevated highway/ six-lane road with service roads.
;;0.0;;gadkari later told the media that he had fainted due to suffocation and heat on stage because of the heavy robes he was wearing at a university function at ahmednagar .
;;0.0;;new delhi, jan 8 ( ) the government has allowed an iranian bank to open a branch in mumbai, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said tuesday after a meeting with iran's foreign minister md javad zarif here.
;;0.0;;gadkari said, the government of india has already given permission to iran to open a bank branch in mumbai.
;;0.1779;;our meeting was very fruitful and we have resolved a lot of issues, gadkari said.
;;0.0516;;there were some problems, but we have resolved the issues, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;proposals on barter system between the two nations can also be considered, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;gadkari said this is the first time after independence that a container is being moved using an inland vessel.
;;0.4588;;furthermore, gadkari announced that prime minister narendra modi will receive the container vessel which traveled for the first time on inland waterways nw1 ganga at varanasi on november 12 at the newly-developed multimodel terminal dedicated to the nation.
;;0.0;;45 lakh crore have been identified for implementation over the next 10 years, gadkari said on friday.
;;0.0;;during an interactive session on promotion and development of cruise tourism in india, gadkari also announced that rs 500 crore will be given to the shipping corporation of india under the sagarmala programme to purchase vessels.
;;0.0;;last year, gadkari had announced that 14 coastal economic zones have been planned under the sagarmala project, with two mega food processing parks planned at kakinada and satara at a cost of rs 140 crore.
;;0.3182;;we have also made sure that even the planes could land on and take off from these roads, gadkari claimed adding that his emphasis has always been on quality in work, reduction of cost, timely completion of the projects and bringing new technologies in road and bridge construction.
;;0.5574;;referring to the contractors present on the dais, gadkari said that in all these years, works worth rs 10 lakh crore have been awarded from his office and not a single contractor had to turn up at the ministrys office for these works.
;;0.0;;we have flown planes using biofuel using jetropha and the biofuel has obtained recognition from boeing and air bus, gadkari said.
;;0.4767;;in july, union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari had announced approval of these funds under the central governments baliraja jal sanjeevani yojana.
;;0.0;;gadkari said bhandara will be developed into a bio-aviation fuel hub.
;;0.0;;both gadkari and the cm said politics should not come in the way of development.
;;0.5106;;gadkari said he is hopeful of taking all central ministers from delhi, city mps, chief minister and his deputy in an aeroboat on yamuna from delhi to agra in january.
;;0.0;;gadkari announced that henceforth nagpur-secunderabad express, secunderabad-nagpur express, pune-nagpur garibrath, nagpur-pune garibrath, nagpur-kolhapur express and kolhapur-nagpur express would halt at ajni.
;;0.0;;entreprenuership was the biggest characteristic of his personality, said gadkari.
;;0.0;;gadkari asked him to pursue the issue with the ministry of finance, said pasha.
;;0.4939;;nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had asked nagpur improvement trust (nit) to provide affordable houses to poor for rs3 lakh.
;;0.0;;addressing the gathering of women at the inaugural of an exhibition put up by women self-help groups (shgs), gadkari said he did not believe in caste and reservation politics.
;;0.4404;;revealing his own innovative projects, gadkari said he was producing silica from rice husk ash.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference on sunday, gadkari said this year agrovision will have 25 workshops on different subjects.
;;0.128;;tractors running on biogas and biodiesel will be launched during the event, said gadkari.
;;0.2263;;gadkari further said that an open hangar spread over 4,000 square metre has been prepared for exhibiting big sized machines.
;;0.0;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has, therefore, asked mahametro to demolish the station road flyover and construct a six lane road in its place.
;;0.0;;nagpur: even though union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis have asked mahametro to complete the sitabuldi to lokmanya nagar (hingna road) stretch by march this year, it is unlikely to happen.
;;0.0;;during a press conference in jaipur, gadkari said, ring road will be inaugurated on january 30.
;;0.2263;;gadkari said, road projects worth rs 2 lakh crore has been initiated in the state.
;;0.2263;;gadkari said, i have allocated or initiated works worth rs 10 lakh crore pan india.
;;0.5423;;gadkari said that the science exhibition was an endeavour to stimulate the attitude for innovation and scientific aptitude among students.
;;0.25;;gadkari said that the orange city street project was his dream.
;;0.3612;;gadkari also announced that facilities like swimming pool, community centre etc will be provided on the orange city street at very affordable rates.
;;0.0;;for rs100 per month, access can be had to an international-standard gym, said gadkari.
;;0.296;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said that nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) had a share of 5  in nagpur metro.
;;0.128;;in the coming months 1,000 electric buses will be launched in the state, said gadkari.
;;0.2263;;gadkari said it was initially planned to provide free meals to the needy.
;;0.4404;;gadkari said that not many people are privileged enough to get two square meals a day.
;;-0.9185;;if nirav modi or vijay mallya have committed fraud then send them to jail, but if we label everyone who is in financial trouble as fraudsters, then the economy will not progress, gadkari said on thursday.
;;0.0;;gadkari said years ago, mallya had taken a loan from sicom, a maharashtra state government enterprise, and was regular in servicing the loan.
;;0.0;;gadkari asked.
;;-0.6435;;blaming bankers for the countrys npa mess, gadkari on thursday said indias banking system was such that it didnt support sick companies.
;;-0.5719;;when quizzed about bjps loss in three state polls earlier this week, gadkari said it was an unsaid truth that indian politics operated on three things  cash, caste and criminals.
;;0.128;;new delhi: the government expects a 20  reduction in road accidents from the current five lakh a year, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said on monday while kicking off the annual road safety week campaign across the country.
;;-0.296;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari announced rs 1 lakh crore projects for the state, while nirmala sitharaman was in kanyakumari enquiring about missing fishermen.
;;0.2263;;union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari says that he has sanctioned works worth rs70,000 crore in nagpur district.
