;;-0.296;;addressing the concluding session of the state bjp conclave, gadkari said, the bjp governments poor-centric welfare schemes would soon usher development and there would be no need for any reservation.
;;0.0;;speaking about his recent visit to the american west coast, which is the global hub of hi-tech innovations, gadkari said he spent quality time with the officials of tesla, which is also founded by musk, who is known for his futuristic ideas.
;;0.8979;;gadkari said the government has invited tesla to invest in the country as he expressed interest in clean energy like solar and battery storage, areas in which the american company is focused on.
;;-0.1027;;b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari union minister nitingadkari gadkariit is unfair to link cow vigilante groups to bjp as the party does not back them, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said as he stoutly defended the governments development agenda.
;;-0.6249;;gadkari said violence in the name of protecting cows should not have happened.
;;0.1134;;bjp, vhp, sangh (parivar) and our government do not support such elements, gadkari said, adding that the party was, however, against cow slaughter.
;;0.2846;;gadkari further said that free lpg connections under the ujjwala yojana were not just given to hindus but also to muslims and so were the zero balance bank accounts under jan dhan yojana.
;;0.4019;;(pti photo)a policy is in the works to make india a global destination for cruise shipping and efforts are on to identify such circuits, besides a slew of steps, to boost infrastructure, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has said.
;;0.3182;;the idea is to put india on the global cruise map both for oceans and rivers, gadkari said, adding that it comes with a huge job potential.
;;0.8625;;gadkari said, it is a great means for bringing foreign exchange from overseas and indian travellers to india cruise tourists contribute handsomely to local economies it has the potential to be a driver of growth for the areas touched by it.
;;-0.4767;;those who have carried out such experiments should not sermonise us, it is wrong, union minister nitingadkari gadkari told reporters here, responding to queries on the congress claims of wrongdoing by the bjp to come to power in goa.
;;0.6597;;rubbishing the allegations of horse-trading, gadkari said ministerial berths were offered to the mlas of other parties during negotiations to garner support.
;;-0.886;;in an obvious reference to the shiv senas barb that what happened in goa was a murder of democracy, gadkari said, where is the murder of democracy in this?
;;-0.5859;;gadkari claimed that the congress was frustrated and disappointed at not being able to form the government in goa, despite being so close and added that this had prompted the party to level such allegations.
;;0.2732;;the centre has accepted madhya pradesh governments proposal to set up 100 driving training centres to generate employment in economically backward areas of the state, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has said.
;;0.4019;;the driving centres would help in providing more drivers, gadkari said.
;;-0.3612;;however, narrating the mood in the bjp camp on counting day, union minister gadkari said, to be honestit was difficult to form the government.
;;0.5423;;we could convince the rest for the formation of a government and relieve parrikar from his duties at the centre, said gadkari.
;;-0.3089;;by afternoon, gadkari said, there was one independent member who was still not convinced.
;;0.6486;;(pti photo)india is keen on expediting development of chabahar port in iran and hopes to complete the first phase of the project next year, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has said.
;;0.0;;we can complete the work on the first phase of the project in 2018 the funds are likely to be released shortly, shipping, road transport and highways minister gadkari told pti.
;;0.0;;also read | anandiben patel slams amit shah and he shows her whos bossunion minister nitingadkari gadkari announced rupanis name as chief minister after a meeting of bjp mlas.
;;0.4767;;as gadkari announced the two names, rupani was all smiles.
;;0.5106;;also read | vijay rupani: a swayamsevak, stock broker and founder of a trust for poorlater, when he was asked what transpired that led to rupani being chosen ahead of nitingadkari patel, gadkari said: aisa hota hai logon ke naam aate hain aur aap media ka adhikar hai.
;;0.4019;;gadkari said the new chief minister and deputy chief minister were selected in a democratic manner after consulting 15 senior party leaders and the prime minister.
;;0.0;;nitin gadkari, union minister for road transport and highway, water resources and river development, on thursday announced that chandigarh will witness transport revolution with the introduction of double-decker sky bus but people will have to elect their candidate kirron kher.
;;0.0;;so i will say that you elect kirron kher and we will get double-decker sky buses for chandigarh, gadkari said.
;;0.3664;;punjab and haryana water issue will be resolved soonspeaking on the tussle between punjab and haryana on syl issue, gadkari said that this matter will soon be resolved on the pattern of water issue between karnataka and tamil nadu.
;;0.3869;;we believe this tussle between two northern states eventually comes to an end with this solution, said gadkari.
;;0.0;;a trial has been conducted for converting stubble into bio-cng and will soon be introduced in the states of punjab and haryana, said gadkari.
;;0.3252;;addressing a public rally organised by bjp on completion of 1,000 days in office of its first government in the south,gadkari said congress was not a public limited company or even a private limited company,but a family concern.
;;0.7717;;they can dream of becoming prime minister,if they want (in case of the last two) but can never dream of becoming party president, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;citing his own example,gadkari said he once used to paste bjp posters and deliver voter slips from house to house.
;;0.5423;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo) union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)having secured rs 2,000 crore from a central fund for development of water transport, operationalising at least 10 of the 111 national waterways next year is on the top of governments agenda, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said.
;;0.2023;;gadkari said that apart from ganga, development of nw-2 which is brahmaputra (890 km stretch) is also top on the agenda of the government.
;;0.0;;union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari today said 30 per cent of the driving licences in the country are bogus.
;;0.0;;now onwards the driving licences will be electronically registered under umbrella of e-governance, gadkari said here.
;;0.0;;now any person, small or big, will not get the licence without clearing the driving test, said gadkari.
;;0.4019;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari has told newspersons in new delhi that his party will take a call on yeddyurappas fate once the lokayukta formally presents his report to the state government on wednesday.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)indias first smart and green highway  eastern peripheral expressway  for decongesting delhi will be completed in august this year, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said today.
;;0.0;;gadkari, who inspected the project sites in delhi, uttar pradesh and haryana, said the toll plazas will be equipped with the faster electronic toll collection (etc) system offering an uninterrupted travel experience to users.
;;0.0;;gadkari said at least 1.
;;0.1027;;trauma care centres besides ambulance with necessary staff will be introduced at various points on national highways, gadkari said.
;;0.6597;;i appeal to our chief ministers,leaders and party workers not to do anything which would spoil the name of the party or make anybody point a finger at us, a senior bjp leader said,quoting gadkari having told the national executive.
;;0.0258;;dwelling further on the issue of corruption,gadkari said,we in the bjp are aware of the magnitude of the issue of corruption.
;;-0.3089;;our opponents can attempt to tarnish bjp,but i am afraid,that will not help them varnish their image, gadkari said at one point in his address while talking on transparency and accountability in governance.
;;0.3506;;gadkari also asked the party leadership to stop infighting as this harms the interest of the party.
;;0.7351;;if we leave aside infighting and unitedly contest elections then we will get success, gadkari said,according to party sources.
;;0.0;;on thursday, partys national president nitingadkari gadkari announced that uma bharti will lead the partys up bachao-bjp lao campaign,beginning on december 1 in all 400 assembly constituencies in the state.
;;0.0;;the decisions by (former telecom minister) a raja and other ministers,were taken with the permission of the union cabinet and the prime minister some where or the other during the processso who is rajas godfather and who all were involved should be revealed to the nation which is the right of the people, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari told reporters.
;;0.3182;;it will be an eyewash until the whole truth is revealed and the inquiry is made till the last point, gadkari said.
;;0.2732;;if the prime minister had accepted it then,this situation,perhaps,would not have arisen, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;the government seems to have outsourced this department to dmk, gadkari said.
;;0.4404;;nitin gadkari said, fluorescent markings would be done to make driving safe during night.
;;0.4404;;(source: file) nitingadkari gadkari said, fluorescent markings would be done to make driving safe during night.
;;-0.4939;;(source: file)in a major move aimed at curbing high number of road accidents, the road ministry has decided to fix galvanised sheet barriers on both flanks of the highways to stop them from being trespassed, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said.
;;-0.296;;gadkari said apart from emphasis on taking measures to prevent accidents, the government has been working for a makeover of the highways aesthetically.
;;0.0;;besides, gadkari said 1,300 road side amenities are planned across the country of which bids have been invited for 70.
;;-0.7845;;orissa is suffering under the ineffective and corrupt bjd government which has failed on all fronts, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari told reporters.
;;0.0;;gadkari claimed that bjp would bounce back to power in the state in the next elections.
;;0.0;;43 million tonnes of cargo in 2016-17, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said today.
;;0.0;;05 mt, gadkari said.
;;-0.0286;;i would not want to comment on what gadkariji said, but the bjp should have had this realisation earlier.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsit is a case of kettle being hotter than the tea, gadkari said, sending ripples among the delegates, and quickly added that he was not talking about maharashtra.
;;0.3612;;terming as transient the salute and honour given to the ministers, as any time their names could be prefixed with ex or former, gadkari said overenthusiastic cops who stop traffic to ensure passage for the car also at times land ministers in embarrassing situation.
;;-0.4404;;the collapse of a british-era bridge at mahad in maharashtra last month could have been avoided had land acquisition and green clearances for an alternative structure been secured in time, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on tuesday.
;;0.2263;;gadkari said his ministry has prepared a rs 12,000 crore plan for four-laning the busy highway and announced that full concrete road will be completed by 2018.
;;-0.1531;;having identified faults in road engineering as a major factor leading to accidents, gadkari said a rs 11,000 crore plan has been prepared to improve the roads at 786 specially identified spots across the country.
;;0.0;;70 lakh km of national highways, gadkari said, announcing a plan to upgrade the dehu-pandharpur and alandi-pandharpur roads to four-lane concrete roads.
;;-0.25;;gadkari said there is a potential to have at least 500 bus-ports (having same modern facilities as those available at airports) in maharashtra alone, and suggested an equal joint venture between the centre and the state government as one of the ways of working on this project.
;;0.0572;;the congress is not serious about it (attacks on indian fishermen by sri lankan navy), gadkari said.
;;0.8625;;gadkari said bjp would not on its own seek the support of any party for the coming assembly polls in tamil nadu,due in may,but are open to alliances with like minded parties.
;;-0.765;;gadkari said the 2g spectrum scam has damaged the image of the country and the centre should take a correct transparent action in this regard.
;;0.4939;;we can save this through teleconferencing, gadkari told reporters on the occasion.
;;-0.7269;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today said the arrest of former telecom minister a raja was not enough and asked the government to find out who his godfather is in the 2g spectrum scam.
;;-0.4939;;to ensure safety of women after the unfortunate nirbhaya incident, we have decided to make it mandatory for public transport buses to install emergency panic buttons, cctv cameras and gps-enabled vehicle tracking devices, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;gadkari said the project will receive assistance from the nirbhaya fund.
;;0.2023;;discussed gujarat cm with nitish,will keep him in loopdismissing reports of a split in the nda on the issue of its prime ministerial candidate,bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today said narendra modi is one among the six bjp leaders who could be projected for the top political post and that any decision would be taken only after consulting bihar chief minister nitish kumar who is a key ally.
;;0.0;;at an appropriate time,well decide on the pm candidate and that will happen only after talks with nitish kumar, gadkari said in an interview to a news channel.
;;0.0;;nirupam has also alleged he has video and audio clips to prove that much before the tender process was finalised, gadkari announced in a press conference in nagpur that the state would allot the land parcel at mihan to patanjali ayurveda.
;;0.6808;;advertisinggiving in principle approval to this project, gadkari asked the state government to submit detailed project report (dpr) so that all the technicalities must be examined before constructing this project of national importance, said the statement.
;;0.1779;;that was the prime ministers spirit, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said while briefing reporters.
;;-0.1027;;it is unfair to link cow vigilante groups to bjp as the party does not back them, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday as he stoutly defended the governments development agenda.
;;-0.6249;;gadkari said violence in the name of protecting cows should not have happened.
;;0.1134;;bjp, vhp, sangh (parivar) and our government do not support such elements, gadkari said, adding that the party was, however, against cow slaughter.
;;0.2846;;gadkari further said free lpg connections under the ujjwala yojana were not just given to hindus but also to muslims and so were the zero balance bank accounts under jan dhan yojana.
;;-0.7906;;bjp condemns this approach, gadkari said in his presidential address at the bjp national executive meet here,the first since the 2-g scam surfaced.
;;0.8316;;not opposition,but the government is squarely responsible for this logjam, gadkari said,adding that the entire opposition was united on the issue and the sooner the government accepts our demand the better for all.
;;-0.5859;;gadkari told the upa leadership that what was required was a series of credible measures starting with a firm commitment to punishing the guilty.
;;0.6486;;with the national executive meeting for the first time after the allahabad high court verdict on ayodhya title suits,gadkari said,we are all happy over the historic ruling on ram janm bhoomi.
;;0.7184;;(source: pti)with former maharashtra minister eknath khadse and bjp state chief raosaheb danve in attendance, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday asked party workers not to hanker after ministerial positions and said senior functionary should demonstrate ethical conduct.
;;0.4019;;noting that the bjp is a grassroots worker-based party and not a dynastic entity, gadkari said none of the leaders has been able to dictate terms while running it.
;;0.4215;;gadkari said his view was backed by his own experience as the party chief.
;;0.0;;you should go to the grassroots level and make people aware of the work done by modi government in various sectors, gadkari said.
;;-0.476;;i told him that i have full faith in my party and though my future is not so bright in this party, i will work for it and if someday i get frustrated, i will commit suicide but will not join congress, gadkari said.
;;0.7227;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo) union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)with china seeking to position itself as the new leader of global economy in place of the us, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said india also needs to grab this opportunity as the world is looking at it with high hopes and it would need to further fast-track the decision making process.
;;0.0;;gadkari, who is in davos to attend the world economic forum annual meeting, said india also aspires to be the world leader and a global economic superpower and it would need to work at the same speed as china in terms of policies, administration and decision making processes.
;;0.0;;gadkari said, we need to take forward the country and we need to do necessary work for that, as china is trying to take the place of the us as the global economic leader.
;;0.0;;modiji said the same thing somewhere and it has now become the millstone around our neck, gadkari said at an event in mumbai.
;;-0.25;;the slogan of achhe din is a bone stuck in the throat for the national democratic alliance government, gadkari said.
;;0.0772;;gadkari said, if a person has a bicycle, he would want a motorcycle, once the motorcycle is bought, the next target would be a car.
;;-0.8126;;now that the government has sent out a horrifyingly wrong signal to the secessionists by refusing the yatra to move ahead,bjp is afraid that this will further boost the anti-nationalists morale, said gadkari.
;;0.6705;;gadkari said the secessionist elements in the valley will be the happiest lot on january 26,while those who want to hoist flag in their own motherland will be put behind the bars.
;;-0.9201;;talking to media after submitting the memorandum,gadkari said,the scandals in the north east have broken all records there is a scam in pds due to which poor are not getting their quota of rice which is sold in bangladesh.
;;0.4019;;gadkari had recently said that he would urge senior party leader and pac chairman m m joshi to take up the cag report on north-east at the earliest.
;;0.0;;in the state executive meeting held recently,national bjp president nitingadkari gadkari had told leaders that before the names of the candidates are announced,their can be claimants to the tickets,but once names are announced,everyone has to fall in line.
;;0.2732;;i attribute the victory to the developmental programmes implemented by both the centre and the state governments as well as the municipal corporation, gadkari said.
;;0.0;;asked how he looks at the unexpected tally of 108, gadkari said, i had expected it to be in the range of 80-85.
;;0.2716;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo) union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said that social changes are more important than change of power to transform the society.
;;0.0;;the government is progressive and a change can be felt in the country, gadkari said.
;;-0.296;;we are trying out 3d paintings used as virtual speed breakers to avoid unnecessary requirements of speed breakers, gadkari said in a tweet today.
;;0.0;;,gadkari said at a bjp rally referring to singhs comment at his interaction with editors of tv channels last week.
;;-0.3412;;gadkari also said the countrys borders are not safe.
;;-0.6808;;appeasement to terrorism is being given the name of secularism,gadkari said.
;;0.0644;;watch what else is making newsthe situation now is that both parties have no option but to come together again, gadkari told a marathi channel, adding the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendra fadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.4019;;the situation is such that both parties (bjp and sena) have to come together, gadkari said adding that a final decision would be taken by chief minister devendra fadnavis and uddhav thackeray.
;;0.7184;;they are good friends, gadkari told a local tv channel.
;;0.4404;;union minster nitingadkari gadkari (pti photo) union minster nitingadkari gadkari (pti photo)union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has said that the government is making efforts to further improve the road construction target to 40 km a day from the current 23 km per day.
;;0.5106;;i am hopeful of achieving this target, gadkari said while addressing a national conference on the steel sector.
;;0.0;;asserting that 8,144 km of roads were constructed last fiscal, gadkari said his ministry has recorded road construction of 23 km a day as against two km a day when the upa government was in power.
;;0.2732;;gadkari further said that the length of national highways would be increased from the existing 96,000 km to 2,00,000 km, adding that the government have fast-tracked the decision-making process for the projects.
;;0.5719;;referring to yamuna river, gadkari announced that after punjab and maharashtra, haryana would also get amphibious vehicles capable of running on road and water as well.
;;0.2263;;gadkari told a delegation of transporters that the centre would approach the supreme court to seek more time to address the problem.
;;0.25;;a comprehensive policy would be drawn up in six months, gadkari told them.
;;0.5499;;we respect the sentiments of the ngt to control pollution, but this issue needs a comprehensive policy and we will seek more time to address it, gadkari said.
;;0.0258;;the government may also take the step of framing a new law in parliament, gadkari said, adding that the centre will appeal to the delhi government to cooperate in the matter.
;;-0.296;;the government identified six projects in punjab which could stop the flow of water to pakistan, said union minister nitingadkari gadkari, here, on wednesday.
;;0.6908;;advertisingwhile addressing the people, gadkari said the indus water treaty was signed between two countries that both countries would share water to remain at peace.
;;0.0;;dashmesh and kandi canal were identified for the same and the government is willing to initiate these projects, gadkari said.
;;-0.1027;;speaking on water disputes between karnatka and tamil nadu, gadkari said water issues will be resolved soon and the states will have surplus water for various purposes.
;;-0.3089;;while taking a swipe at punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh, gadkari said the punjab government was not interested in banga-garshankar-anandpur sahib- naina devi road stretch.
;;0.4019;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari said that firebrand hindutva leader uma bharti is unlikely to return to the party in the near future.
;;0.4019;;uma bharti has told me that due to health reasons she will not be able to come back to the party for some time, gadkari told reporters.
;;0.4019;;i have appealed all political parties to approve it in the current session only, gadkari said on the sidelines of an event in new delhi, on tuesday.
;;0.836;;gadkari said he was hopeful of getting support from political parties cutting across party lines as india accounted for one of the highest number of accidents globally at 5 lakh per annum in which 1.
;;0.2732;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari on friday said he has discussed the issue of nda prime ministerial candidate with ally and bihar chief minister nitish kumar and assured him that no decision has yet been taken on narendra modi being the partys choice for the top post.
;;0.0;;till then,discussing it is irrelevant, gadkari told a tv channel.
;;0.0;;he has a right to differ, gadkari said.
;;-0.7717;;b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari,who has been blamed for leaving the rss in the lurch when the congress party launched its anti-hindu terror and saffron terror campaigns,has said the pracharaks were always soft on the congress.
;;-0.6124;;asserting that the rss never had any political ambitions,gadkari said politics was about victory and loss and i do not mind if we even lose at times.
;;-0.2732;;nitin gadkari said the charges against rss were an outcome of vote-bank politics.
;;-0.4767;;patriots are projected as trouble-causers,whereas those convicted in parliament attack case are yet to face the gallows, gadkari said.
;;0.5927;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday said the exit polls are not the final decision but indicate that the nda will once again come to power riding on the good work done by the narendra modi-led government.
;;0.7184;;advertisingcalling the film a very motivational one, gadkari said: i am sure it (the film) will inspire the young generation.
;;0.0;;speaking at the rally,bjp president nitingadkari gadkari claimed he had some swiss bank account numbers which were related to the bofors case.
;;0.0;;congress should speak on it, gadkari said.
;;-0.8316;;blaming the upa government for inflation,gadkari said petrol prices went up seven times in just six months and rates of onions were also increasing,making life difficult for poor people.
;;0.0;;bjp president nitingadkari gadkari told reporters.
;;-0.4767;;he has expressed his helplessness, gadkari said.
;;-0.6249;;on the crucial issue of jpc formation and functioning of parliament during the budget session,gadkari said it is unjust to accuse the opposition for the stalemate.
;;0.0;;gadkari asked.
;;0.5994;;if you are ready to appear in front of any committee that you are agreeing to now had you done this earlier this situation would not have arisen, gadkari said.
;;0.3182;;this means everybody is responsible, gadkari said.
;;-0.5106;;this is his failure, gadkari said.
;;0.4019;;i appreciate it, gadkari said.
;;0.6249;;in his letter,gadkari said the party takes pride in the fact that one of the states under its rule has become a role model of development for the entire country.
;;0.8779;;the success of the gujarat government in attracting record investment is a testimony to the confidence that the investor community has repeatedly reposed in the government of gujarat under modis leadership, gadkari said.
;;0.9501;;vibrant gujarat,we believe,is one such illustrious success that will encourage other governments and inspire our party rank and file, gadkari said.
;;0.4215;;gadkari said these stretches would result in all-round development of up by promoting seamless flow of cargo traffic and passengers, and also also promote tourism and minimise the accidents.
;;0.4215;;(source: file) gadkari said these stretches would result in all-round development of up by promoting seamless flow of cargo traffic and passengers, and also also promote tourism and minimise the accidents.
;;0.2263;;(source: file)as uttar pradesh gears up for assembly polls next year, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday announced that road projects worth rs two lakh crore will be undertaken in the state in next two years.
;;0.4215;;gadkari said these stretches would result in all-round development of the state by promoting seamless flow of cargo traffic and passengers, and also also promote tourism and minimise the accidents.
;;0.0;;when asked about the partys chief ministerial choice for the assembly polls,gadkari said,the national president and bjps parliamentary board will take a call on the issue at an appropriate time.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari has asked uttar pradesh to expedite projects in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;union minister nitingadkari gadkari has asked uttar pradesh to expedite projects in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0;;irked at slow execution of highway projects in uttar pradesh, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has asked officials to work on war-footing to expedite projects besides undertaking periodic meetings with the state officials to address land acquisition issues.
;;0.5267;;expressing displeasure over tardy progress in projects at a meeting to review the status of highways in uttar pradesh, gadkari asked officials to ensure that rs 4,500 crore provided by centre for land acquisition be disbursed at the earliest toroll out stuck projects.
;;0.0;;project directors and regional officers have been asked to follow up each project and own responsibility, gadkari told pti after the review meeting.
;;0.0;;hina rohtaki: union minister nitingadkari gadkari announced introduction of double-decker sky buses in chandigarh, as he says the fare of metro will be really high.
