kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on tuesday said the bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led government at the centre was on its last legs and regional parties would play a key role in forming the next government.
vijayan told reporters in the state capital that the mood of the nation seemed to favour a non-bjp, non-congress government at the centre and regional parties would play a decisive role in such a dispensation taking office after the seven-phase general election ends on may 19.
counting of votes will start on may 23.
he said he had discussed this issue with his telangana counterpart k chandrasekhara rao, also known as kcr, who is on a two-day visit to the state ruled by the communist party of india (marxist), or cpi (m).
the meeting with kcr was significant.
we discussed national politics.
he also felt that both fronts [bjp and congress] will not get {a} majority.
so the regional parties will play a prominent role.
but we did not discuss about the pm candidate or other issues, he said, adding that both the congress and bharatiya janata party will fall short of the numbers to form the next government .
vijayan had an hour-long meeting with kcr on monday.
this is the first in the series of meetings kcr has planned in the next five days.
there are 123 lok sabha seats in the five southern states and regional leaders like rao are eyeing these numbers, according to cpi(m) leaders.
the bharatiya janata party government is in its final days.
a new government which is committed to uphold secular values and federal polity of the country will come to power.
all regional powers will support such a dispensation.
let us wait for results, vijayan said.
he alleged that the bjp-led government at the centre had victimised opposition-ruled states, and kerala was an example.
we have seen several instances where the central government had caused much harm to the states.
the centre should not take decisions that harm the state.
during ockhi cyclone [in 2017], nipah (virus) outbreak and worst flood of the century [in 2018], we suffered it badly, he said.
the kerala cm also accused the bjp of trying to stall a national highway project in the state.
citing bjp state president p s sreedharan pillais letter to union minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari, vijayan said, it was really shocking he [pillai] sent such a letter to union minister [nitin] gadkari when the state was going ahead with land acquisition process with full steam.
pillai dismissed the charges, saying he had just forwarded a letter submitted by people who had to forfeit their land and houses because of the widening of the national highway project.
commenting of the meeting between k chandrasekhara rao and pinarayi vijayan, senior journalist and political observer sunnykutty abraham said, it seems k chandrasekhara rao is eager to don the role of a king maker and wants to outwit his rival chandrababu naidu.
ahead of lok sabha elections 2019, which are scheduled to be held in seven phases beginning from april 1, poll campaigns across the country have gathered heat.
both prime minister narendra modi and congress president rahul gandhi will address rallies in telangana monday.
modi, who launched his campaign in the state on friday, would address a public meeting at the lb stadium monday evening in support of the candidates of the bjp, which is contesting the 17 lok sabha seats on its own.
gandhi will be on a whirlwind visit to the state monday, addressing three election rallies at zaheerabad, wanaparthi and huzurnagar.
with just ten days left for polling, bjp president amit shah and partys other top leaders, including union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and nitingadkari gadkari, are also expected to campaign for the party nominees in coming days, state bjp spokesperson krishna saagar rao told pti sunday.
read highlights here:3:48 pm ist havent raised taxes, yet development on fast pace: pm modi we have not raised taxes in the last five years, but development has been on fast pace.
previous governments used to complain of lack of funds, including for buying rafale aircraft, said pm narendra modi in andhra pradesh.
3:44 pm ist u-turn babu tries to take credit for centres work: pm modi u-turn babu doesnt have time to think about farmers.
his favourite work is to label his sticker on the works of the central govt, like he did with pm kisan nidhi yojana,  said pm narendra modi andhra pradesh.
3:41 pm ist only bjp can preserves andhras heritage, u-turn babu takes care of his own heritage: pm modi.
only the bjp can take care of andhra pradeshs heritage, because u-turn babu is busy taking care of his own heritage, said pm modi.
andhras heritage is honesty, while naidus heritage is fraud.
he keeps family first, he added.
3:28 pm ist in andhra, pm modi targets chandrababu naidu over polavaram project in andhra pradesh, pm modi targets chandrababu naidu over polavaram project.
he said that for u-turn babu this project is like an atm.
3:25 pm ist with help of tax payers, taken steps to strengthen infrastructure: pm modi with the help of you all honest taxpayers, we have taken steps to strengthen agriculture, education, connectivity and industrial infrastructure in rajahmundry and andhra pradesh, said pm modi while addressing a public meeting.
3:20 pm ist pm modi thanks people of andhra for their blessings first of all, i want to thank the public of andhra pradesh from the land of krishna and godavari.
whatever i have been able to accomplish in five years, it is only due to the blessings you all have showered upon me, said pm modi while addressing a rally in andhra pradeshs rajahmundry.
3:11 pm ist pm modi addresses public meeting andhra pradesh pm narendra modi is currently addressing a public meeting in andhra pradeshs rajahmundry.
3:05 pm ist will expose behind the curtain drama of the left, congress: thushar vellappally sir thanks for giving me the opportunity and big thanks for the kind words.
this behind the curtain drama of the left and congress we will expose to our country men.
i am with you in this fight to eradicate foreign rule from our motherland.
namo again @amitshah @narendramodi, tweeted thushar vellappally, ndas candidate from wayanad.
2:58 pm ist ndas thushar vellappally to contest from wayanad i proudly announce shri thushar vellappally, president of bharat dharma jana sena as nda candidate from wayanad.
a vibrant and dynamic youth leader, he represents our commitment towards development and social justice.
with him, nda will emerge as keralas political alternative, tweeted bjp national president amit shah.
2:51 pm ist consulted with economists for 6 months to decide on nyay: rahul the false promise that modi government made, the congress party will deliver on it.
modi had promised rs 15 lakh to the poor that never happened.
however, i consulted with economists and how much is it feasible to put in the bank accounts of the poor.
after discussing the matter for six months, we came to a conclusion that the government can provide rs 72,000 annually and thats how we came up with the nyay scheme.
so when voted to power, our government will transfer money to the bank accounts of the people who earn less than rs 12,000 per month, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
2:46 pm ist goal is to remove bjp and narendra modi from power: rahul gandhi there is a partnership between telangana cm and narendra modi.
he doesnt speak about rafale.
do not forget that the only goal is to remove bjp and narendra modi from power, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
2:45 pm ist demonetisation was modis method to steal peoples money: rahul gandhi demonetisation was neither a fight against black money nor against corruption.
it was narendra modis method to steal public money and give it to handful of crony capitalists, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
2:38 pm ist congress chief rahul gandhi addresses rally in telangana congress chief rahul gandhi addresses rally in telangana2:13 pm ist sp-bsp-rld to sweep first phase of polls: akhilesh samajwadi party (sp) chief akhilesh yadav asserted on monday that the sp-bsp-rld alliance will sweep the first phase of elections in uttar pradesh on april 11 and rout the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
talking to reporters, the former uttar pradesh chief minister said: reports from the ground are encouraging and the empty seats in bjp rallies is a sign of their dipping fortunes.
we will win all the eight seats in the first round, he said, adding that the alliance would do exceedingly well in the lok sabha polls and finally unseat the bjp.
2:12 pm ist bsp releases second list of candidates for up the bsp monday announced its second list of six candidates for lok sabha polls in uttar pradesh.
while amar chandra jauhar has been given ticket from shahjahanpur (sc), nilu satyarthi will be party candidate from mishrikh (sc), a party statement said.
manoj agarwal has been fielded from farukhabad, nisha sachan from akbarpur, pankaj singh from jalaun (sc) and dileep kumar singh from hamirpur.
the bsp, which is contesting on 38 lok sabha seats (of the total 80 seats) after entering into an alliance with the samajwadi party, had on march 22 declared its first list of 11 candidates.
the party in its earlier list gave ticket to former jd(s) leader kunwar danish ali from amroha, besides announcing haji fazulrahman as its nominee from saharanpur, malook nagar from bijnore and girish chandra from nagina.
1:57 pm ist corruption rampant under bjd rule in odisha: amit shah corruption rampant under bjd rule in odisha, it needs young cm to ensure speedy development, said bjp national president amit shah at odisha rally.
1:54 pm ist sad that cm cant speak in odia without reading: amit shah it is really sad that despite being the chief minister of odisha for 19 years, naveen patnaik cant speak of in odia without reading from the paper, said amit shah while addressing a public meeting.
1:42 pm ist bjp chief amit shah addresses public meeting in odisha bjp national president is currently addressing a public meeting in odishas gajapati.
1:40 pm ist shashi tharoor files nomination from thiruvananthapuram congress leader shashi tharoor on monday filed nomination from thiruvananthapuram parliamentary constituency.
1:36 pm ist not in race for pms post, says mulayam yadav samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav, accompanied by his son akhilesh yadav, filed his nomination from uttar pradeshs mainpuri on monday afternoon for the lok sabha elections.
mulayam singh yadav, the 77-year-old founder of sp, ruled himself out of the prime ministerial race.
when asked who is the pm candidate of the sp-bsp alliance, he said, it will be decided after the polls.
1:11 pm ist will help anyone who wants to create employment: rahul gandhi if voted to power, our government will help anyone who wants to create employment in the country, or start a new business and will facilitate bank loans for them, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
1:06 pm ist partnership between trs and bjp: rahul gandhi there is a partnership between trs and the bjp.
your chief minister never raises a voice against modi or the bjp government.
he never raises questions about demonetisation or rafale, instead he supports the pm in the parliament, said congress chief rahul gandhi in telangana.
1:03 pm ist if voted to power, congress will invest 6  of gdp in education: rahul gandhi if we are voted to power, congress will invest 6  of the gdp in education.
we will build new institutions and bring back the scholarships that have been snatched away from you, said rahul gandhi while addressing a public meeting telangana.
12:58 pm ist rahul gandhi explains minimum income scheme i cant lie.
it is not possible to give rs 15 lakh.
however, after working on it for six months, we have come up with a scheme according to which anyone who earns less than rs 12,000 a month, will be provided with an annual sum of rs 72,000, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
12:54 pm ist pm modi didnt deliver on employment promise: rahul gandhi pm narendra modi didnt deliver on the promises of employment to youth or rs 15 lakh that he promised to the poor people of the county, said congress national chief rahul gandhi while addressing a public meeting in telangana.
12:50 pm ist congress president rahul gandhi address rally in telangana congress president rahul gandhi address rally in telangana12:28 pm ist congress scared to contest from where majority of hindus live: pm modi pm narendra modi took a veiled dig at rahul gandhis decision to contest from wayanad apart from amethi.
now that they have associated hindus with terrorism, congress is scared to contest from where the majority of hindus live, he said while addressing a public meeting in maharashtra.
12:24 pm ist cong wont be forgiven for associating hindus with terrorism: pm modi using a term like hindu terror is an insult to the nation.
there has not even been one incident in the history of the world where a hindu has indulged in terrorism, said pm modi to congress alleging that the congress has insulted hindus all over the world and will not be forgiven for this.
12:20 pm ist do you want indian heroes or those who have become heroes in pak: pm who do you want?
the heroes of india, or those who have become heroes in pakistan, asked pm modi while addressing a rally in maharashtras wardha.
12:14 pm ist congress-ncp alliance is like kumbhkarna: pm modi the congress-ncp alliance in maharashtra is like kumbhkarana.
each one of them wakes up every six months so as to indulge in corruption and goes back to sleep again, said pm modi in wardha.
12:10 pm ist infighting in ncp; party slipping from sharad pawars grip: pm modi sharad pawar is one of senior most leaders of the country, and also wanted to become the pm.
but he then decided to not contest because he knows which way the wind is blowing.
however, one of his problems is also that within the ncp a family battle is going on.
his nephews are trying to take over the party, said pm modi in maharashtra.
12:07 pm ist your abuse ornament for me: pm to cong on chowkidar of toilets remark a few days back, a senior congress leader said that modi has only guarded toilets.
i want to tell them, that i am going to take this as a compliment because when i become a watchmen of the toilets, i am also a watchmen for the women of the country, said pm modi in maharashtra.
12:04 pm ist cong-ncp wont be able to sleep tonight, says pm modi in maharashtra congress-ncp wont be able to sleep tonight, said pm modi in maharashtra.
12:01 pm ist pm modi lauds isro scientists for emisat defence satellite launch while addressing a poll rally in maharashtra pm modi lauds isro scientists for emisat defence satellite launch from sriharikota space centre.
11:58 pm ist pm modi addresses poll rally in maharashtra pm modi is currently addressing a poll rally in maharashtra.
11:30 am ist amit shah to shortly address rally in odisha taking forward the bjp poll campaign, party national president amit shah will on monday address two public meetings in odishas berhampur and nabarangpur.
9:40 am ist pm modi to address public meeting maharashtra prime minister narendra modi will address a public meeting in wardha monday to campaign for the bjp-shiv sena alliance candidates in vidarbha region.
all the 10 candidates of the bjp-sena alliance will be present at the meeting, bjp sources said.
the candidates include union ministers nitingadkari gadkari (nagpur) and hansraj ahir (chandrapur), krupal tumane (ramtek), ramdas tadas (wardha), ashok nete (gadchiroli), bhavana gawali (yavatmal-washim), anand adsul (amravati), sanjay dhotre (akola), sunil mendhe (bhandara-gondia) and pratap jadhao (buldhana).
chief minister devendra fadnavis will also attend the meeting.
the hyperloop transportation technologies (htt) is pitching to enter the indian market with a prototype that the company said would be cheaper and more efficient than its fellow american competitors model.
the los angeles-based hyperloop one is costlier, more energy intensive and has a flawed approach, said bibop g gresta, the chairman of htt, who is set to meet prime minister narendra modi on monday.
imagine if your hyperloop could be more energy efficient, cheaper to use and easier to deploy.
hyperloop is a proposed mode of passenger and freight transportation that would propel a pod-like vehicle levitating through a tube-like track at more than the speed of a jet-propelled airplane.
the system could be the future of transport  travelling from new delhi to mumbai in 70 minutes flat, or three times faster than a commercial flight.
the competing american companies have shown interest in selling their products to india.
hyperloop one, which builds pods or capsules and tracks based on tesla ceo elon musks 2013 concept, has been in talks with the indian government to develop the technology in the country.
if successful, ones capsule can do new delhi-mumbai in just over an hour.
besides his appointment with prime minister modi to discuss his companys model, gresta is expected to meet transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and railway minister suresh prabhu on tuesday.
htt has submitted a proposal to niti aayog, the governments think-tank, for its project and is awaiting its approval.
but gresta said htts participation would depend largely on the indian governments commitment to the transport system.
we are expecting that the indian government will pitch in half the money for the feasibility study that will cost nearly $1 to $1.
5 million.
explaining the difference between his model and that of the rival, gresta said htt would use passive levitation technologies, in contrast to ones active levitation that require high-voltage and uninterrupted supply of electricity.
htt requires a track made of aluminium and the capsule fitted with electromagnets in a certain assembly to operate with low quantities of electricity, he said.
the company could even redo the metro rail tracks in new delhi to make them faster, if asked to.
laying the htt will approximately cost somewhere between $20 and $40 million a kilometre, gresta said.
the cost of laying htt lines would be high, though anti-pollution gains from the change should make up for the initial expenses, he reasoned.
also, 3d printing can help speed up the track-laying process to 100km a year.
levitation is not the sole difference between htt and hyperloop one.
one is looking to raise money and come alone to the country, gresta said, but htt believes more in a partnership approach.
we believe in lean manufacturing.
we have already identified partners in india and want to work with them to create a transport system that will benefit the citizens of india, he said.
htt could announce its indian partners soon.
the company has already been in talks with andhra pradesh, odisha and jharkhand governments.
andhra pradesh has shown interest in setting up a test track of 30km, for which a proposal will be tabled shortly and a route feasibility study will be done.
the jharkhand government is interested in developing a fast-track route connecting the states industrial corridor  ranchi, dhanbad, bokaro and jamshedpur.
on the last day of campaigning on saturday, candidates and leaders of the bjp and congress were out in full strength to attract voters.
both the parties conducted several roadshows and press conferences.
former chief minister vasundhara raje came out in support of the bjps jaipur city candidate ramcharan bohra and jaipur rural candidate rajyavardhan singh rathore.
jaipur is considered to be a bjp bastion.
polling for 12 lok sabha constituencies will take place on may 6 in the second phase.
in the first phase, 13 seats had gone for the polling on april 29.
raje began her roadshow from govind devji temple on saturday morning and then went through the walled city, ending the roadshow in chandpole hanuman temple.
former minister rajpal shekhawat, party mlas, leaders, councillors and office-bearers were present.
she later took part in a roadshow by rajyavardhan rathore in jhotwara area of his constituency.
rajes presence was an attempt by the party to scotch any rumours of infighting.
she had also participated in a roadshow by bjp national president amit shah for party candidate in jodhpur, gajendra singh shekhawat.
talking to reporters, raje said there was a wave and people wanted narendra modi back as prime minister.
the former chief minister said the bjp would win all 25 lok sabha seats in rajasthan.
actor sunny deol and union minister nitingadkari gadkari too participated in the roadshow.
deols presence was an attempt by the party to garner jat votes that are in large numbers in the constituency.
the congress too carried out a roadshow for its jaipur candidate jyoti khandelwal.
it was also an attempt at a show of unity by the party as there have been lot of rumours about infighting.
along with khandelwal, congress rajasthan incharge avinash pande, rajasthan coordinator vivek bansal, senior leader mahesh joshi and other mlas were present in the road show.
pande said that this election was to save democracy and with support of the people congress would win all 25 seatsthere was a fracas between the bjp and congress workers in the walled city area when the road shows were passing through the same area.
police intervened and restored order.
congresss jaipur rural candidate krishna poonia too held a roadshow from kalwar road to the congress office in the city.
she was accompanied by minister lalchand kataria and other congress leaders.
the roadshows of rathore and poonia also criss-crossed each other and police stopped poonias cavalcade for a short time.
in one of his sharpest attacks on prime minister narendra modi, congress president rahul gandhi called him a 56-inch boxer who was elected to fight the countrys problems but he instead began delivering punches to the countrys farmers and traders in the form of schemes such as goods and services tax (gst) and demonetisation.
the congress president made these comments during his ab hoga nyay rally in haryanas bhiwani district in support of congress lok sabha candidate shruti choudhry.
calling bhiwani district the upcoming boxing capital of the world - olympian and congresss delhi candidate vijender singh belongs from here - rahul gandhi said the country also elected a 56-inch boxer during the 2014 lok sabha elections to fight unemployment and corruption.
watch: congress versus bjp | should sc intervene over alleged ec bias?
the 56-inch chest boxer came in the election ring amid loud cheers from the public.
however, instead of fighting farmers issues, corruption and unemployment, the boxer punched his coach lal krishna advani in the face first.
boxer ring mein aayaa.
.
.
apne coach advani ji ki taraf dekha.
.
.
ek ghoosa unke muh par maara.
.
.
he then punched his other team members nitingadkari gadkari and arun jaitley.
the boxer then came out of the ring and went in between the public to deliver blows to small shopkeepers in the form of gst and demonetisation.
the farmers in the public confronted him and reminded him that he promised to fight for them, but he punched the farmers, too, rahul said.
the congress president said that in the five years of modis government, he did not even know what he was fighting.
modi ji you were not supposed fight the public of the country.
you were also not supposed to fight the opposition.
you needed to fight unemployment and corruption but you failed, he said.
slamming pm modi for allegedly promising rs 15 lakh to every citizen, rahul said the promise was not feasible at all for the country.
for our nyay scheme, we consulted top economists who took four months to chalk out the scheme.
they told us that giving rs 72,000 per year to 25 crore people was possible in our countrys economy, he said.
amid speculation of senior congress leader narayan rane joining the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the latter and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari praised each other at an event organised to celebrate ranes 65th birthday on sunday.
rane termed his friendship with gadkari as holy and said he owed everything to late shiv sena president bal thackeray.
gadkari, on the other hand, praised rane for being a self-made man.
the remarks came at the time when speculations are rife that rane is unhappy in the congress, and is on his way to join the saffron party.
however, rane has denied the rumours.
gadkari and i share a holy friendship.
despite being in rival parties, gadkari attended my birth anniversary function.
only he can observe such friendship by putting his position at risk, rane said, indicating that gadkari attended the event despite his position as the union surface transport minister.
i still hesitate while chatting with other opposition leaders, but that is not the case with gadkari, the former chief minister added, expressing the strong bond both leaders share.
gadkari also lauded the senior congress leader wholeheartedly.
we both were working together as opposition leaders.
rane created a standing in mumbai despite not being from a political background.
he is a self-made man in state politics, the union minister said adding, he (rane) proved that his leadership is beyond a political party.
the politics of the state would have gone a different route had he had not quit shiv sena.
gadkari added that people change after switching sides, but narayan rane continues to respect shiv sena founder bal thackeray.
he never uttered a word against him (bal thackeray), no matter how badly he was slammed from the other side, he pointed out.
rane also said that he owes his political achievements to the late shiv sena president.
no one can show the kind of trust that bal showed me.
for me, his position will remain the same, no matter which party i work for, rane said.
ninety-one lok sabha constituencies spread across 18 states and two uts, including all in andhra pradesh and telangana, will go to polls on thursday in the first-phase, with nitingadkari gadkari, kiren rijiju and vk singh among several union ministers in the fray.
in andhra pradesh, sikkim and odisha, assembly polls to 175, 32 and 28 seats, respectively, will be held simultaneously in the first phase.
voting for 543 lok sabha seats will be held in seven phases: april 11, april 18, april 23, april 29, may 6, may 12 and may 19.
counting will be done on may 23.
in andhra pradesh, strong anti-incumbency, caste and corruption are the major factors that could determine the outcome of the elections to lok sabha and the state assembly as over 3.
93 crore voters get to exercise their franchise.
this is the first general election in the state after the bifurcation of andhra pradesh in 2014.
polling for all 25 lok sabha and 175 assembly seats will be held simultaneously.
there are 2,118 candidates for the state polls and 319 for the lok sabha elections.
tdp chief and cm n chandrababu naidu will be seeking election from kuppam, while his son nara lokesh is making his electoral debut from mangalagiri.
ysr congress chief y s jaganmohan reddy, an aspirant for the cms post, is fighting from his familys pocketborough pulivendula.
in 2014, the tdp won 101, ysrc 68, bjp four, navodayam party one and an independent one in the state polls.
in lok sabha seats, the tdp bagged 15, ysrc eight and bjp two.
all 17 lok sabha seats in telangana will go to polls in phase-one.
the trs having swept the december assembly polls is hoping for an encore in the company of aimim while the opposition congress and bjp appear to be focussed on winning select number of seats.
there are 443 candidates in the fray.
the nizamabad lok sabha constituency is a special case as 185 candidates, including over 170 farmers, are in the fray.
congress leader renuka chowdary (khammam), aimim president asaduddin owaisi (hyderabad), state congress president n uttam kumar reddy (nalgonda) and daughter of trs president k chandrasekhar rao, are among the prominent candidates.
in uttar pradesh on eight seats the ruling bjp will clash with the newly-formed sp-bsp-rld alliance.
in muzaffarnagar, rld chief ajit singh will take on bjps sanjeev balyan.
his son jayant chaudhary is fielded against union minister satyapal singh in baghpat.
union ministers v k singh and mahesh sharma are bjp candidates in ghaziabad and gautam budh nagar, respectively.
seven lok sabha seats in maharashtra will go to polls, with union minister nitingadkari gadkari locked in a battle with congresss nana patole, a former bjp mp.
union minister and bjp leader, hansaraj ahir is seeking a fourth term from chandrapur.
in bihar, four lok sabha seats will see polling on thursday.
ljp leader chirag paswan is contesting from jamui reserved seat.
he is the sitting mp and is locked in a virtual straight contest with bhudeo chaudhary of rlsp.
in the north east, of the two seats in arunachal pradesh union minister kiren rijiju is seeking re-election from arunachal west.
five seats in assam will go to polls, with former cm tarun gogois son gaurav gogoi testing poll waters from kaliabor.
in chhattisgarh where one lok sabha seat, bastar, is going to polls, security has been tightened following a naxal attack in the constituencys dantewada area on tuesday.
a bjp leader and four security personnel were killed.
polls will go as per schedule in the state, the election commission has said.
sixty lakh voters in odisha will exercise their franchise in the first phase of polls for four lok sabha and 28 assembly seats on thursday.
the first phase of polls will decide the fate of 217 candidates.
there are 26 hopefuls in fray for lok sabha seats and 191 for assembly seats.
polls for all the five seats in uttarakhand, which were won by the bjp in 2014, will be held the first phase.
prominent candidates from the congress include pritam singh (tehri), former cm harish rawat (nainital) and senior bjp leader bc khanduris son manish khanduri from pauri.
interesting contests are expected in tehri, where bjp has pitted twice mp mala rajya lakshmi shah against pritam singh, in nanital where its senior leader ajay bhatt, who is making his poll debut, is pitted against harish rawat.
two seats each in west bengal, jammu and kashmir and meghalaya will see polling in the first phase.
lone lok sabha seats going to polls on april 11 include mizoram, tripura, manipur, nagaland, sikkim, andaman and nicobar, and lakshadweep.
a 24-year-old man was on thursday night shot dead outside his house in mokhra khas village of the district, police said.
the deceased has been identified as milan kumar, son of assistant sub-inspector (asi) anand kumar of the delhi police.
he was taking coaching for the haryana police exam from a private institute in rohtak city.
milans mother sarla devi said, on wednesday, my son had an altercation with mohit, alias majnu, of our village over a seat in haryana roadways bus when they were coming back from the old bus stand in rohtak.
nursing a grudge, mohit along with his friends had thrashed milan on thursday afternoon and threatened to kill him saying he had contacts with gangsters.
sarla said soon after the threat, milan approached the old city police station and sought to register a complaint against mohit and his friends.
however, no fir was lodged by the police, the mother added.
on thursday night, mohits friend ankit and one more person knocked on our door and asked me to call milan outside.
he said he wanted to sort out the afternoons fight.
when my son came out and started talking to them, ankit asked me to fetch him a glass of water.
i went inside to the kitchen but rushed outside again when i heard gunshots.
when i came out, i found my son lying in a pool of blood, while ankit and the other person fled away on their bike flaunting their gun in the air, sarla said.
the family rushed milan to hospital, where doctors pronounced him brought dead.
he had suffered four bullet shots.
the police said they have handed the body back to the family after postmortem examination.
a case of murder and criminal conspiracy has been registered against six men, five of whom have been named in the fir as ankit, mohit, jacky, sumit and nitin.
one more person booked is unknown.
however, meham station house officer (sho) manjeet said no arrest had been made as of now.
all the accused are absconding and efforts are on to nab them, he said.
on being asked why the police did not register a case against the accused, when milan had complained of threat, the sho said he could not comment as milan had not approached his police station.
meanwhile, city sho jagbir singh said a written complaint was not provided to them and police had called milan to record his statement for fir next morning (friday).
but he got killed before that, he added.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari compared goas politics known for its party hopping to the unstable marriages of the western world as he lamented the desire of local politicians to constantly seek greener pastures.
addressing a rally in state capital panaji which goes to polls on may 19 to elect an mla to replace former chief minister manohar parrikar who passed away earlier this year, gadkari admitted that the fickle nature of goas politics made governing the state a challenge.
goas mlas defect from parties so often here.
it is probably influenced by the us where marriages do not last long.
like strolling in a garden they go here and there.
gadkari who himself played a crucial role in bringing together a coalition despite the bjp winning only 13 seats in the 40 member goa assembly, at the 2017 general assembly elections, also was at hand to ensure that the precarious coalition did not fall apart after chief minister manohar parrikar passed away.
after a decade of relative political stability between 2007 and 2017, goa has seen four mlas defect, all to the bjp with two mlas each from the congress and bjps one time ally the maharashtrawadi gomantak party joining the bjp.
the opposition congress has accused the ruling bjp of using money and muscle power to lure mlas elected on an anti-bjp mandate into the party.
the bjp is facing a contest to retain the state capital which it has won continuously since 1994 as several factors have gone against it this time.
the bjps candidate -- siddharth kuncalienkar -- was an aide who parrikar handpicked when he moved to delhi to be the union defence minister.
under parrikars guidance, siddharth won the seat in 2015 and 2017 and his experience in fighting elections has helped siddharth secure the bjp ticket at the cost of parrikars elder son utpal who was initially considered a frontrunner.
political analysts reveal that siddharth is not only up against congress candidate atanasio monserrate -- a former minister popular among a section of the citys catholic population -- but also because parrikars former mentor in the rss subhash velingkar has entered the fray.
velingkar has huge respect among the bjp workers and will make deep inroads in the bjp vote share and damage the bjp, pandurang gaonkar a journalist and political commentator observed.
gadkari expressed disappointment that velingkar was contesting but said that he has not lost respect for him.
he is contesting this election to split bjps votes and help the congress to win elections.
.
.
i will only say that it is unfortunate.
the first phase of the seven-phase lok sabha elections 2019 will take place on april 11 to choose 91 members of lok sabha across 20 states.
here is a look at some key contests in this phase:uttar pradeshsaharanpurin the ring: raghav lakhanpal (bjp), imran masood(inc), fazlur rehman(bsp-sp alliance)quick take: sitting mp raghav lakhanpal and imran are two young leaders but the contest has become interesting with bsp fielding fazlur rehman.
most top leaders, including prime minister narendra modi, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, bsp chief mayawati and sp leader akhilesh yadav have visited the constituency.
muslims and dalit constitute about 70  of voters here.
2014 result: raghav lakhanpal defeated imran masood by a margin of 65,090 votes.
muzaffarnagarin the ring: ajit singh (rld) and sanjeev baliyan (bjp).
quick take: rlds support base of jat and muslim voters was broken after muzaffarnagar riot in 2013, resulting in defeat of ajit singhs son jayant in 2014 election.
it will be interesting to see whether muslims and jats, who comprise half of the constituencys population, will come together.
2014 results: sanjeev baliyan of bjp defeated kadir rana of bsp by close to 4 lakh votes.
watch: explained: key seats which may signal outcome of phase 1 of 2019 ls pollsbagpatin the ring: jayant choudhary of rld (representing sp-bsp alliance) and bjps satyapal singh.
quick take: jat dominated bagpat constituency has been a bastion of former prime minister charan singhs family.
his son and rld chief ajit singh was elected six times from here but the party lost in 2014.
his son jayanat choudhary is now in fray against bjp`s dr satyapal singh, former mumbai police commissioner.
muslims, dalits and jats are in majority here.
2014 results: satyapal singh of bjp defeated hazi gulam mohammad of sp by 2.
09 lakh votes.
gautam budh nagarin the ring: dr mahesh sharma (bjp- sitting mp), satveer nagar (bsp-sp-rld alliance) and arvind kumar singh (congress)quick take: mahesh sharma got big ticket projects like the jewar airport, noida-greater nodia metro project to the constituency but his accessibility is an issue among voters.
the region is also home district of former up chief minister and bsp chief mayawati, who has fielded a gujjar from here.
the congress candidate may divide the rajput votes that are a majority in this constituency.
2014 results: dr mahesh sharma bjp candidate won this seat in 2014 by 2,58,871 votes.
he defeated narendra bhati of the samajwadi party (sp), now with bjp.
ghaziabadin the ring: general (retired) vk singh (bjp- sitting mp), suresh bansal (sp-bsp-rld alliance), and dolly sharma (congress)quick take: the bsp-sp-rld is posing a challenge to union minister and bjp mp vk singh.
congresss dolly sharma is the youth face with an mba and is the youngest of all 12 candidates.
brahmins are in majority in this primarily urban seat.
2014 results: general (retired) vk singh from bjp won by a margin of 567,260 votes, against congresss raj babbar.
follow live updates hereandhra pradesh:visakhapatnamin the ring: daggubati purandeshwari (bjp), m sri bharat (tdp), m s satyanarayana (ysrc) and v v lakshminarayana (jana sena)quick take: bjps purandeshwari, who represented vizag as congress candidate between 2009 and 2014, is fighting against her own nephew bharat (son of her brother balakrishna).
typically, a kapu-dominated constituency, vizag seat is decided by fishermen, industrial workers and youth.
2014 results: k hari babu (bjp) won over y s vijayalakshmi (ysrc) with a margin of over 90,000 votesnarasapuramin the ring: k ramakrishnam raju (ysrc), kanumuri bapi raju (congress), k naga babu (jana sena) and v sivarama raju (tdp)quick take: congress mp and actor chiranjeevis brother naga babu is testing his luck on jana sena ticket, floated by his younger brother pawan kalyan.
bhimavaram, from where pawan kalyan is contesting for assembly, also falls under this ls constituency.
constituency mostly comprises kapus, kshatriyas and obcs.
2014 winner: gokaraju ganga raju (bjp) with a margin of over 85,000 votes over v ravindranath of ysrcrajahmundryin the ring: maganti rupa (tdp), m bharat (ysrc)quick take: constituency witnessed massive agitations for kapu reservations in the last five years.
construction of prestigious polavaram project is key to electoral prospects of parties.
constituency mostly comprises kapus, dalits and section of kammas2014 winner: maganti murali mohan (tdp) won the seat over b v chowdary of ysrc with a margin of over 1.
7 lakh votesvijayawadain the ring: kesineni srinivas alias nani (tdp), p vara prasad (ysrc)quick take: closer to the power centre, amaravati is prestigious for chief minister n chandrababu naidu.
constituency mostly comprises kammas, kapus, obcs and muslims2014 winner: kesineni srinivas (tdp) with a margin of 74,000 votes over koneru rajendra prasad (ysrc)kadapain the ring: y s avinash reddy (ysr congress), c adinarayana reddy (tdp)quick take: bastion of former chief minister late y s rajasekhar reddy and his son y s jaganmohan reddy, the constituency has large number of backward castes and dalits.
last time winner: y s avinash reddy (ysrc) with a margin of over 1.
90 lakh votes over r srinivasa reddy (tdp).
telanganachevellain the ring: konda vishweshwar reddy (congress), g ranjith reddy (trs)quick take: konda, son-in-law of apollo hospitals chairman pratap c reddy, is the richest contestant.
ranjith reddy is a poultry baron.
this reddy-dominated constituency has large number of settlers from andhra, including kammas and kapus.
2014 results: konda vishweshwar reddy won on trs ticket defeating p karthik reddy of congress with over 73,000 votes.
nizamabadin the ring: kalvakuntla kavitha (trs), d arvind (bjp) and madhu yashki goud (congress)quick take: represented by chief minister k chandrasekhar raos daughter, 178 turmeric and jowar farmers are contesting as independents making this time.
constituency mostly comprises obcs, reddys and muslims2014 results: kavitha with a margin of over 1.
67 lakh majority over madhu yashki goud (cong)mahabubnagarin the ring: d k aruna (bjp), manne srinivasa reddy (trs) and vamsichand reddy (congress)quick take: represented by chief minister k chandrasekhar rao and former union minister s jaipal reddy in the past.
important because of changed political equations  sitting mp a p jithender reddy from trs and former state minister d k aruna from congress shifted to the bjp.
constituency mostly comprises reddys, obcs and muslims2014 results: a p jithender reddy (trs) with a slender margin of 2,590 votes over s jaipal reddy (congress)malkajgiriin the ring: a revanth reddy (congress), m rajasekhar reddy (trs)quick take: this is the largest constituency in the entire country with over 3.
1 million voters and is mostly urbanised.
earlier represented by former union minister sarvey satyanarayana.
dominated by reddys, besides settlers from andhra, including kammas and kapus.
2014 results: m malla reddy (tdp) with a margin of 28,371 votes over m hanumantha rao (trs).
reddy later defected to the trs.
nalgondain the ring: n uttam kumar reddy (congress), v narasimha reddy (trs)quick take: pcc chief n uttam kumar reddy is contesting for the seat.
typically a congress bastion, it was completely conquered by trs in the recent assembly elections and congress wants to regain its lost hold.
has good number of scs and sts, and settlers from andhra.
2014 results: g sukhender reddy (congress) with a margin of over 1.
93 lakh majority over tera chinnapa reddy (tdp).
sukhender reddy later defected to the trsalso read |lok sabha elections 2019: in voting for first phase, big test for akhilesh-mayawatis grand allianceuttarakhandpauri garhwalin the ring: tirath singh rawat (bjp), manish khanduri (inc)quick take: son of former bjp cm and sitting mp from the seat, maj gen (retd) bc khanduri, manish khanduri is contesting from pauri seat on a congress ticket.
moreover, it is a contest between a brahmin (khanduri) and thakur (rawat).
the region is dominated by thakurs but khanduri senior is a well respected leader.
2014 result: maj gen (retd) bc khanduri (bjp) defeated congresss harak singh rawat by 1,84,526 votes.
haridwarin the ring: ramesh pokhriyal nishank (bjp), ambrish kumar (inc), antriksh saini (bsp)quick take: nishank is former bjp cm and sitting mp from the seat and kumar has contested on samajwadi party ticket for ls in 2009 and lost.
muslims and dalits comprise 50  of voters.
2014 result: ramesh pokhriyal nishank defeated congresss renuka rawat, wife of former cm harish rawat, by 1,77,822 votes.
nainital-udhamsinghnagarin the ring: ajay bhatt (bjp), harish rawat (congress)quick take: harish rawat, former congress cm, who lost from haridwar rural and kicchha in assembly elections, is trying again.
rawat, a rajput is pitted against a brahmin, in a constituency which has sizeable dalit population.
rawat in 2004 was mp from haridwar.
2014 result: bhagat singh koshyari (bjp) defeated congresss kc singh baba by a margin of 2,84,717chhattisgarhbastarin the ring: biaduram kashyap (bjp) and deepak biaj (congress).
quick take: this tribal dominated reserved constituency has been won by the bjp in the last three lok sabha polls but in 2018 assembly elections, the congress swept the region.
bjp denied ticket to its sitting mp dinesh kashyap and opted for baiduram, who had lost to biaj in 2018 assembly polls from chirakot assembly.
2014 result: dinesh kashyap of the bjp defeated congress lakma kawasi of congress by 85,000 voteswest bengalcooch beharin the ring: trinamools paresh adhikary, left fronts gobinda roy (all india forward bloc), congresss priya roy chowdhury and bjps nisith praminikquick take: the trinamool won the seat in 2014 and 2016 by-polls with a margin of over 4.
13 lakh votes.
cooch behar figures in the bjps list of seats that the party can win.
cooch behar is also the testing ground for mamata banerjees sharp anti-nrc pitch, since this area has a refugee population.
2014 result: renuka sinha of trinamool won with a margin of 87,106 votes.
her death necessitated a bypoll in 2016, which partys partha pratim ray won with a margin of 413,241 votes.
alipurduarin the ring: trinamools dasrath tirkey, left fronts mili oraon (revolutionary socialist party), congresss mohan lal basumata and bjps john barlaquick take: a key contest is on the cards in the seat dominated by tea garden workers and tribals, as the trinamool won by seat only by 21,397 votes.
2014 results: trinamools dasrath tirkey won by a margin of 21,397 votes over manohar tirkey of the rsp.
also read | lok sabha elections 2019: high-stakes battle for naidu, reddy in andhramaharashtranagpurin the ring: road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari against congress leader nana patole, a bjp rebel.
quick take: it is also a prestigious seat for the bjp, as it houses the headquarters of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss).
nagpur is a cosmopolitan city with a mix of dalit, muslim, kunbi and brahmin communities.
2014 result: in 2014, nitingadkari gadkari (bjp) won with a margin of 2,84,848 voteswardhain the ring: bjps ramdas tadas and congress candidate charulata tokasquick take: tokas is the daughter of former state congress chief prabha rao, who was mp from here in 1999.
it is traditionally a congress bastion, but the party lost to the ruling bjp in 2014.
the constituency is dominated by kunbi and teli communities that are in sizeable numbers.
2014 results: ramdas tadas (bjp) won with a margin of 2,15,783 votesbhandara-gondiain the ring: ncps nana panchbudhe against bjps hemant patlequick take: nana patole, who is contesting candidate on congress ticket from nagpur, defeated ncp stalwart praful patel in 2014.
this time ncp has opted for former maharashtra minister nana panchbudhe.
it will be interesting to see whether ncp is able to retain its bastion.
2014 result: nana patole (bjp) won with a margin of 1,49,254 voteschandrapurin the ring: union minister hansraj ahir and congresss suresh dhanorkar.
quick take: ahir is a four-term mp from this constituency and his rival was shiv senasmla from warora assembly constituency, which is part of the chandrapur lok sabha seat.
chandrapur constituency is dominated by kunbi and teli communities.
2014 result: hansraj ahir (bjp) won the polls with a margin of 2,26,269 votesassamkaliaborin the ring: congress gaurav gogoi is pitted against asom gana parishad and bjps alliance candidate moni madhab mahanta.
quick take: gogoi is facing challenge from mahanta, who resigned as vice-president of all assam students union and joined agp.
mahantas brother keshab mahanta is the mla from kaliabor.
the lok sabha constituency has a mixed demography consisting of tea garden workers, other indigenous tribal communities, upper caste assamese, assamese and bengali speaking muslims.
2014 result:gaurav, the son of former chief minister tarun gogoi, won by over 90,000 votes.
arunachal pradesharunachal westin the ring: union junior home minister kiren rijiju and former arunchal chief minister nabam tuki.
quick take: the minister must look for breaking the jinx as this constituency has not returned the incumbent in the last three polls.
jarjum ete, a popular woman politician who resigned from the congress and is contesting on a jd(s) ticket, is also in fray.
2014 result: rijiju won by a little over 41,000 votes.
meghalayaturain the ring: agatha sangma of ruling national peoples party-led alliance against former meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma.
quick take: agatha, who was elected twice from here, is contesting to retain legacy of her father pa sangmas, who represented the constituency for the most part of the last more than four decades.
her brother conrad sangma is the state chief minister.
this time she faces a tough battle with former congress chief minister mukul sangma.
2014 result: in the 2016 by-polls, conrad sangma won with a margin of over 1,90,000 votes.
odishakoraputin the ring: koushalya hikaka(biju janata dal), jayram pangi(bjp) and saptagiri ulaka(congress)quick take: a congress bastion for decades, tribal-dominated koraput in southern odisha, slipped into bjds hands in 2009.
this time it is set to witness a keen triangular contest with bjp fielding tribal heavyweight jayaram pangi, a kondh tribal, who had won the seat in 2009 as a bjd nominee defeating veteran leader and nine-time mp giridhar gamang.
kondhs constitute about 47  of the population in koraput.
2014 result: jhina hikaka(bjd) won by a margin of 19,328 voteskalahandiin the ring: pushpendra singhdeo(biju janata dal), basant panda(bjp) and bhakta charan das(congress)quick take: a bjd bastion for quite some time, kalahandi is witnessing high profile contest with bjp fielding its state unit president basant panda, a brahmin.
the bjd has replaced sitting mp and erstwhile royal arka keshari deo with another royal pushpendra singhdeo and the congress has imposed faith in former union minister bhakta charan das.
though unreserved seat, tribals constitute about 30  of the population.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on wednesday rode on prime minister narendra modis popularity to retain delhis three civic bodies for the third time in a row, dealing a body blow to the aam aadmi party (aap), whose leaders blamed electronic voting machines (evms) for its poor show in the municipal elections.
according to the delhi election office, the bjp had won 181 wards, aap 48 and congress 30 wards.
the bsp won two wards in the east municipal corporation and one in the north.
the election office also said that there was nothing wrong with the evms, in a statement issued in the evening.
the inld bagged one seat in south, sp one in south.
six wards went to independent candidates in the north and south corporations.
(for full results, click here).
in the north body, the bjp won 64 wards, aap 21 and congress 15.
in the south mcd, the bjp won 70, aap 16 and 12 went to the congress.
in the east delhi municipal body, 47 went to bjp, 11 to aap and three to the congress.
voting for 270 of the total 272 wards of the three municipal corporations saw around 54  turnout on sunday.
election was countermanded in two wards following the death of candidates.
the results are a huge setback to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, who is struggling to retain the appeal of the five-year-old party that came to power in delhi by a sweeping majority in the 2015 assembly elections.
putting up a brave face and accepting defeat, kejriwal congratulated the bjp for its victory.
he made no mention of evms even though his party members had alleged tampering of voting machines early in the day.
i congratulate bjp on their victory in all 3 mcds.
my govt looks forward to working wid mcds for the betterment of delhi  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) april 26, 2017anti-corruption crusader anna hazare questioned kejriwals leadership, saying the party haf lost credibility among people in a short span of time.
hazare, once a colleague of kejriwal during the lokpal movement, said there was difference between words and action of aap which led to their defeat in the elections.
the bjp was jubilant.
as the results became clear, prime minister narendra modis tweeted: grateful to the people of delhi for the faith in bjp.
i laud the hardwork of (delhi bjp) team.
.
.
which made the resounding mcd win possible.
party chief amit shah said: mcd election results have pushed modis victory chariot forward.
.
.
the results show negative politics wont work.
.
.
i congratulate manoj tiwari and all our party workers, he said.
talking to hindustan times, delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari blamed the aap government for not letting the municipal corporations function properly and promised to make delhi free of garbage in the next three months.
tiwari credited the victory to the aaps failures and modis policies.
it has been proved that only modi can do (reference to bjps campaign, tumse na ho payega).
the aam aadmi party (aap) is incapable (of developing delhi).
it is clear that the people of delhi is fed up with the negativity being spread by delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
they have reposed trust in the policies of prime minister narendra modi, tiwari said.
tiwari said the party decided to suspend all celebrations in wake of the maoist attack in chhattisgarhs sukma that killed 25 crpf personnel on monday.
winning and losing is a part of democracy, one must accept mandate of the people with maturity, says bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
accepting defeat, delhi congress chief ajay maken decided to resign from his post.
we have made a reasonable comeback.
.
.
i hoped for a better performance.
we because i could not meet the expectations, i have decided to resign.
.
.
for one year, i will not take up any post in the party; will work as a party worker, maken said.
as aaps dismal run became clear, deputy chief minister manish sisodia and delhi labour minister gopal rai met kejriwal at his residence in civil lines early in the day to decide the partys line on the impending loss.
the party had squarely blamed the electronic voting machines (evms) for the poor show.
rai briefly stepped outside to blame faulty evms for the rout they so hoped against.
evm tampering is the bitter truth of the countrys democracy.
one can crack jokes on us initially, but fearing being made fun of, we cannot refrain from speaking the truth, sisodia told reporters.
poster outside delhi bjp office says the victory in #mcdelectionresults is dedicated to #sukma martyrs@htdelhi pic.
twitter.com/cg2vagrtbn  heena kausar (@heenakausar19) april 26, 2017the delhi governments media adviser nagendra sharma took to micro-blogging site twitter to voice his concerns.
sweeping delhi mcd polls sweeping delhis streets for a decade.
when machines are with you human will is of no relevance.
senior party leader ashutosh also blamed the machines for aaps performance.
the debacle clearly shows evm fraud, he said.
evms were manipulated.
democracy is in danger, ashutosh said.
at the party office in delhis rouse avenue, a pall of gloom descended at aap office as party looks for answers over the poor show.
delhi state election commissioner s.k. srivastava denied any issues with evms. it worked well.
and we didnt receive any further complaints.
everything went well.
he said.
although local in nature, the elections carry wider national ramifications as an emphatic victory for the bjp will only add to its image to invincibility and leave a divided opposition further demoralised in the run up to the national elections in 2019.
but the biggest setback will be for kejriwal.
the civic elections are a matter of prestige for him as the verdict could be seen as a referendum on his partys two-year-old government.
it could also call into question kejriwals ability to win elections after his party suffered crushing defeats in assembly polls in goa and punjab last month.
the bjp has controlled the citys civic bodies for a decade.
the aap and the bjp have often clashed over civic issues, affecting governance at these municipalities.
as the general elections are round the corner, punjab chief minister amarinder singh called on radha soami dera spiritual head gurinder singh dhillon at the sects headquarters in beas, about 35 km from here, on wednesday.
radha soami beas has arguably the largest follower base in india, cutting cross religion and caste.
it has a particularly large presence in the region, especially punjab.
it is avowedly apolitical and media shy, but top politicians across parties do visit its beas headquarters to catch the followers attention as it has a pan-punjab following.
a senior congress leader said, the cm, along with state party chief and gurdaspur mp sunil jakhar, and partys punjab affairs in-charge asha kumari reached at about 3pm and spent about two hours there.
they had lunch with the dera chief.
it was not clear what issues did the cm take up during his conversation with the dera head.
the cms visit to the dera comes around three weeks after the union minister nitingadkari gadkari met the dera head.
after prime minister narendra modis campaign rally for the first phase of lok sabha elections on monday, congress president rahul gandhi will hold three rallies in various parts of vidarbha this week.
on thursday, he will address a rally in nagpur and two rallies in chandrapur and wardha the next day.
he will interact with college students in pune on friday morning.
seven lok sabha constituencies from vidarbha are going to polls on april 11.
rahul gandhis first rally will be for party candidate nana patole, who is facing bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in nagpur constituency.
he will interact with youngsters in pune on friday on the various issues the country is facing today, said maharashtra congress chief ashok chavan.
after the interaction, expected to be at bharati vidyapeeth, headed by party mla vishwajeet kadam, gandhi will hold two more rallies in vidarbha.
he will address a rally in chandrapur in the afternoon and then in wardha in the evening.
suresh dhanorkar, a shiv sena legislator who defected to the congress, is the partys chandrapur candidate.
state womens wing chief charulata tokas is the partys wardha candidate.
according to party sources, after the nagpur rally on thursday, gandhi will hold meetings with party workers in pune in the night and fly to vidarbha again the next day.
meanwhile, the party announced its candidates for pune and raver constituencies.
former party legislator mohan joshi has been fielded against bjp leader and state minister girish bapat.
maratha leader pravin gaikwad, who joined the party two days ago, was the likely candidate for the party, but the party chose not to field him as he could have been a polarising candidate owing to the caste factor.
besides, his remarks against the party leadership reportedly went against him.
the congress has fielded former mp ulhas patil as its candidate from raver, which was contested by the ncp in the 2014 elections.
after ncp conceded its seat to the ally congress, the seat-sharing formula between the two parties has become 27-21 (congress-ncp).
both the parties have given two seats each to the smaller parties in the alliance.
industrious kashmiris were chiselling through a rocky mountain to shape their future when some of their fellow brothers were busy throwing stones.
prime minister narendra modi summoned an allegory on sunday to describe the situation in trouble-torn jammu and kashmir, after inaugurating the chenani-nashri all-weather tunnel, the longest in the country.
i want to tell the misguided youth of kashmir, realise the power of a stone.
on the one hand, there are some youth who pelt stones, on the other hand, there are young men from the same kashmir who carve stones to build infrastructure, he said.
the prime minister urged the youth of the valley to choose between tourism and terrorism, saying 40 years of bloodshed has not done anyone any good.
he promised to stand shoulder-to-shoulder in the development of jammu and kashmir, and follow former prime minister atal bihari vajpayees slogan of kashmiriyat, jamhooriyat, insaniyat (kashmirism, democracy and humanity) to take the state to new heights.
he said if the people of kashmir had devoted 40 years to development of tourism, the valley would have been blessed with a vibrant world-class tourist economy.
prime minister narendra modi (l), jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti (c) and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari at a public rally in udhampur, jammu on sunday.
(pti photo)i want to tell the kashmiri youth, there are two paths in front of you which can determine your future; one is tourism, the other is terrorism.
modi drove in an open jeep through the all-weather route, which is expected to help trade and tourism in the region.
this tunnel is not just the longest tunnel but a big leap for jammu and kashmir in terms of development, modi said, describing the engineering feat as the states fate-line that will translate dreams into reality.
built at an altitude of 1,200 metres, the tunnel bypasses a dangerous hilly terrain of more than 30km of the strategic jammu-srinagar national highway  the sole surface link that connects kashmir valley with the rest of india.
the highway is blocked sometimes for hours and even days because of heavy snow, avalanches, monsoon rain and landslides.
it took engineers six years to build the 11km tunnel through treacherous himalayan terrain at a cost of rs 2,519 crore.
at the inauguration, where thousands of people have gathered, modis message was clearly for the kashmiri youth involved in stone-pelting at security forces, thereby risking their lives.
militancy-hit kashmir has been intensely restive since the killing of a popular militant leader, burhan wani, last summer that triggered a long unrest in which more than 80 people were killed and hundreds wounded in clashes with security forces.
simmering separatist sentiments often prompt people to create hurdles during counter-militancy operations  trying to get close to the site of a gunfight between soldiers and militants, shouting slogans and throwing stones at the troops, allegedly to help the cornered insurgents escape.
several civilians have been killed of late in retaliatory firing.
prime minister narendra modi inside the chenani-nashri tunnel, in jammu and kashmir on sunday.
(pti photo)according to military intelligence, the pakistan establishment and anti-india forces across the border have been goading kashmiris to disrupt counter-insurgency operations.
for his part, prime minister modi hit out at the pakistani leaders, saying they cant even take care of themselves.
hum seema paar ke kashmir ke nagariko ko bhi dikhana chahte hain ki pragati kaise hoti hai, vikas kaise hota hai.
aur jinhone aap par kabza kiya hai, aapko barbad kiya hai, he said.
basically, he told the people of pakistan-occupied kashmir that he wanted to show how progress is made and how their pakistani rulers have ruined them.
chief minister mehbooba mufti sayeed thanked modi for supporting her government during the difficult times last year, referring to the volatile situation in the valley after the july 8 killing of wani.
last year was like crossing a river of fire.
there is a lot of improvement since then but a lot is still to be done.
that cannot be done by my government alone, she said.
the opposition national conference chief farooq abdullah said economic development and infrastructure growth was essential, but the state would continue to suffer unless the centre takes a political initiative to resolve kashmir issue.
the chenani-nashri tunnel being portrayed as an alternative to a political initiative is yet another indication of a sustained effort to brush the kashmir issue under the carpet.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari and actor vivek oberoi on monday launched a fresh poster of pm narendra modi, a biopic on the prime minister, ahead of its release later this week.
aa rahe hai dobara pm narendra modi, ab koi rok nahi sakta (pm modi is coming back again, now nobody can stop him), the poster of the vivek oberoi-starrer biopic said.
the poster was shared on the official twitter handle of the film as well.
(in india, all big things are started with a blow of the conch) heres presenting the new poster of #pmnarendramodi, it read.
the makers of vivek oberoi-starrer biopic on the prime minister have said the film will be released on may 24, a day after the results of the lok sabha elections are to be declared.
the election commission had stopped the screening of pm narendra modi on april 10, a day ahead of its release, till the end of national elections on may 19.
the poll panel had said that any such film that subserves the purpose of any political entity or individual should not be displayed in the electronic media.
also read| biopic on pm modi to release on may 24, day after lok sabha poll resultsthe congress party had alleged that the films release close to the national election violated the model code of conduct and said it was designed to manipulate, influence and impress viewers and voters.
the party had also pointed out that four office-bearers of the bjp were among the producers of the modi biopic, which tells the pms journey from his days selling tea at a train station.
the films producers had challenged the films ban in the supreme court.
but, the top court had refused to lift the ban and declined to interfere with the poll bodys order.
directed by omung kumar, the film also features boman irani, manoj joshi, prashant narayanan, zarina wahab, barkha sengupta and darshan kumaar, among others.
suresh oberoi and anand pandit are co-producers of the film.
with poll fever rising in jharkhand, political bigshots have lined up their campaign schedule for the states first phase elections at three lok sabha seats: chatra, lohardaga, and palamu.
an official at the chief ministers office (cmo) said that prime minister narendra modi would address a rally at lohardaga on april 23, six days before the first voting on april 29.
bjp spokesperson pratul shahdeo said, the pms programme is scheduled in lohardaga, but we are yet to receive a formal plan of his visit.
details of the venue at lohardaga such as ground capacity, parking, and traffic management were sought from the state bjp.
we have submitted them all.
this will be modis first visit to jharkhand after announcement of the lok sabha polls on march 10.
the prime minister has visited the state twice this year.
he last visited hazaribag district on february 17, when he inaugurated and laid the foundation of 11 development and welfare projects worth rs 3,306 crore related to health, education, water supply and sanitation.
before that, he came to palamu on january 5 to lay the foundation of the revived mandal dam project.
shahdeo said that the prime minister would visit jharkhand before all phases of polls  the state has general elections in four phases.
other top leaders of the party, including party president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari, union minister of state general (retd) vk singh, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, and hema malini would also come to jharkhand for campaigning, he said.
bjp sources said that amit shah would address at least 10 rallies in jharkhand across phases during the polls.
vk singh is likely to address a rally in hussainabad on april 16, and yogi adityanath is likely to hold a public meeting in daltonganj on april 20.
in 2014, bjp won all three parliamentary seats going to polls in the first phase.
the contests have turned interesting in 2019, as bjp will have a direct fight with the candidates of the grand alliance, a group of four parties  congress, jmm, jvm(p) and rjd  at the palamu and lohardaga.
at the third seat, chatra, there will be a friendly fight as well since rjd has fielded a candidate though the seat was allotted to the congress and a party nominee is in place.
bjp has fielded its incumbent parliamentarians from all three seats  vd ram from palamu, sudarshan bhagat from lohardaga, and sunil singh from chatra.
the grand alliance has fielded congress sukhdev bhagat from lohardaga and rjds ghuran ram from palamu.
at chatra, rjd has fielded subhash prasad yadav, and the congress has nominated manoj yadav.
more than 44.
55 lakh voters would elect their representatives to parliament from three lok sabha constituencies this year.
of the total voters, 23.
51 lakh are male, and 21.
04 lakh are female voters.
a total of 55,599 first-time voters aged 18-19 years would play a significant role in the three constituencies.
pm narendra modi on sunday addressed a public meeting in udhampur in jammu and kashmir after inaugurating the countrys longest road tunnel, the chenani-nashri tunnel, in the state.
the 9.
2 km-long tunnel will reduce the travel time between jammu and srinagar by 2 hours.
it is also indias first and the worlds sixth tunnel to have transverse ventilation system, providing fresh air to passengers.
earlier in the day, the pm also attended allahabad high courts 150th year celebrations, ahead of his trip to jammu.
the prime minister arrived at bamrauli airport at 10:20am and proceeded to the allahabad high court grounds.
after attending the function, modi flew to jammu and kashmir in a special aircraft from bamrauli airport at 12:25pm.
watch this space for live updates:5:57 pm: pm says there are plans to make nine more tunnels like this in the future which wont be mere road networks but will belinks connecting hearts.
5:51 pm: pm says people sitting on the other side of the border cant handle themselves.
we want to show people of pok how development will take place in kashmir.
he says we want to tell them that those who have illegally occupied their lands, how much they have destroyed them.
kashmiriyat insaniyat jamhooriyat ke moolmantra ko leke hum kashmir ko vikas ki nayi unchaiyon par leke jayenge: pm modi in udhampur pic.
twitter.com/dzlmftz76i  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20175:49 pm: pm says there are two roads for the youth of kashmir- tourism or terrorism.
he says for 40 years, innocent people have bled and the valley was left smeared in blood.
no body has been benefitted from the bloodshed and it will never help anyone.
isi 40 saal mein agar tourism par bal diya hota toh aaj poori duniya kashmir ghaati ke charnon mein aakar baithi hoti: pm modi in udhampur pic.
twitter.com/ppbjihgre8  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20175:45 pm: pm says the tunnel is the fate line of kashmir valley.
he highlights that the farmers of the region can transport their vegetables, flowers and products to delhi on time.
the tunnel will guarantee and bolster tourism in the land.
5:44 pm: pm modi says some youth are involved in pelting stones but others are busy in cutting stones (to make the tunnel) to build the future of kashmir valley.
5:40 pm : pm says the tunnel is a long jump towards development for jammu and kashmir.
he says the construction of tunnel will be a big news for environmentalists around the world.
we have laid down the tunnel in the himalayas and have successfully done our task of protecting the environment, he says.
5:35 pm: pm addresses public meeting at udhanpur.
he asks people to put on their mobile phone flash and chant bharat mata ki jai to collectively inaugurate the tunnel.
5:25 pm: cm mehbooba mufti addresses public meeting, congratulates pm modi for landslide victory in uttar pradesh assembly elections and thanks him for constructing the tunnel.
j&k: 'modi-modi' chants at udhampur rally venue as cm mehbooba mufti congratulates pm modi for landslide election victory in uttar pradesh pic.
twitter.com/azs3h8j1fi  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20175:15 pm: union ministers jitendra singh, nitingadkari gadkari addresses rally.
5:10 pm: prime minister reaches udhampur to address a public meeting.
prime minister narendra modi to address a public meeting in jammu and kashmir's udhampur shortly pic.
twitter.com/b5tyl1uwsx  ani (@ani_news) april 2, 20173:50 pm: pm modi, accompanied by union minister nitingadkari gadkari, state chief minister mehbooba mufti among others, inspects the facilities inside the tunnel.
3:40 pm: pm narendra modi inaugurates chenani-nashri tunnel in the jammu-srinagar highway.
he takes a tour of the tunnel on an open jeep.
pm @narendramodi inaugurates asia's longest #chenaninashri road tunnel in j&k pic.
twitter.com/ojnpf5dzr9  doordarshan news (@ddnewslive) april 2, 2017pm @narendramodi taking a tour of the #chenaninashri tunnel @airnewsalerts @pib_india pic.
twitter.com/fnnve9h5pp  radio news jammu (@rkrnujammu) april 2, 201712:50pm: i hope the dream of new india and the new generation can be successful: modi ends speech12:45pm: im happy to say our govt has simplified laws, abolished 1200, in less than five years: pm modi says, speaking about the benefits of digitisation.
with the aide of technology, even the judiciarys work can be made easier.
why shouldnt we use video-conferencing to communicate instead of transporting prisoners to court.
.
.
even start ups can help the judiciary by creating innovative services and apps for them.
technology will empower the judiciary, and save money and time: modi12:40pm: pm praises the contribution of lawyers in the indian freedom struggle against the british.
watch | pm modi speaks at allahabad hc12:35pm: prime minister narendra modi starts his address, says law has to be fair for all.
quoting dr radhakrishnan, modi says law strives to ensures justice for all, not just the rich.
pm recalls mahatma gandhi s philosophy that every decision must benefit the weakest section of the society.
modi says gandhi took the freedom struggle to the common man.
12:15pm: cji khehar addresses the audience and talks on the issue of judicial vacancies.
he says, shortage of judges handicaps the judicial system, adding that an impact can be made if judges work on some of their vacations.
11:34am: we fought against emergency, therefore we are committed to independence of judiciary, says union law minister prasad11:33am: prasad also calls for expedited appointment of judges to the allahabad high court11:31am: central law minister ravi shankar prasad says the justice department will launch a portal shortly to give legal aid.
asks lawyers to register so as to give legal aid to poor11:24am: postal department issues an envelope on the occasion to mark the courts 150 years11:15am: supreme court judge deepak misra releases a silver coin on occasion of sesquicentennial celebration11am: pm modi, adityanath, law minister ravi shankar prasad, cji khehar on stage at the function marking allahabad hcs 150th year.
10:24am: pm modi is greeted by yogi adityanath as he arrives in allahabad9:30am: a short circuit inside the tent set up for the programme.
security and fire brigade personnel bring things under control.
8:30am:pms up visit 9:40am: cm yogi adityanath and governor ram naik will arrive at bamrauli airport in a state helicopter.
they will receive the pm at the airport before leaving for the venue of the function.
10:30am: closing ceremony of allahabad hcs 150th year celebrations.
pm modi will leave for jammu after the function.
1:05pm: up governor and chief minister will fly back to lucknow.
other dignitaries who will attend the function in allahabad include chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar, up governor ram naik, union law minister ravi shankar prasad, up chief minister yogi adityanath, chief justices and judges of other high courts.
in a last-ditch attempt to woo voters from the mumbai port trust (mbpt) area, presently facing eviction in light of the eastern waterfront revamp plan, union minister for shipping and water resources, nitingadkari gadkari on saturday promised tenants that they will not be evicted without an alternate plan for housing them in-situ (in the original place).
he also assured voters from slum habitations on the mbpt land, that they will be rehabilitated as per the states slum rehabilitation authoritys (sra) schemes.
gadkari made the comments at a shiv sena rally while campaigning for the senas candidate for the mumbai south constituency, arvind sawant.
for tenants facing eviction, i assure you the government wont make you homeless.
gadkari also promised businessmen who are tenants of the mbpt area that a separate piece of land within this area in mumbai can be reserved for their businesses, but they may have to pay a subsidised amount to the government to use this land.
about 1,800 acres of land in the mbpt area, spanning from colaba to wadala, is set to be used for development of the eastern waterfront.
many tenants have received eviction notices and are expressing anguish over the same.
mumbai congress chief and partys candidate for the constituency, milind deora, called the gadkari rally a publicity stunt.
gadkari faints during poll campaignlater in the day, gadkari fainted on stage during an election rally near shirdi.
however, he soon recovered and later reached nagpur by a special plane.
sudhir deulgaonkar, gadkaris personal secretary, said, he felt uneasy because of the scorching sun.
now his blood pressure and sugar levels are normal.
chenani-nashri tunnel, indias longest highway tunnel, on the jammu-srinagar national highway, was inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi on sunday.
the prime minister was accompanied by road transport and highways and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and minister of state for pmo and mp from kathua-udhampur constituency, jitendra singh.
here are 10 facts about the project:1.
the length of the tunnel is 9.
28 km.
the worlds longest highway tunnel is 24.
51 km and is in norway.
2.
it will reduce the travel distance between jammu and srinagar by 30.
11 km, which will help save fuel worth rs 27 lakh daily.
3.
built on the lower himalayan range at a height of 1,200 metres, it will cut travel time between the two cities by at least two hours.
4.
the project cost is rs 3,720 crore, rs 1,200 crore more than the initial estimated cost.
5.
work on the tunnel system started on may 23, 2011.
the chenani-nashri tunnel will cut distance between jammu and srinagar by 30.
11 km, which will help save fuel worth rs 27 lakh daily.
(ht photo)6.
the main tunnel is 13 metre in diametre, the parallel escape tunnel is 6 metre diametre and are connected by 29 cross passages at 300-metre gap.
7.
the tunnel boasts of an integrated system that will control communication, ventilation, video surveillance, power supply, sos call box, fire fighting and incident detection and an fm signal repeater.
8.
it is part of a 286-km-long four-lane project on the jammu-srinagar highway.
9.
it is meant to avoid stretches of national highway 44 prone to avalanches and landslides.
patnitop, kud, and batote will be bypassed now.
10.
for months now, the election commission (ec) has been meticulously planning, political parties have been energetically campaigning, leaders have been busy devising strategies, candidates have been proactively reaching out, and voters have been listening to all sides.
it all culminates in this one moment.
india begins voting for the 17th lok sabha today.
logistical requirements and security sensitivities have, of course, meant that the elections will be a prolonged affair, and will continue for five more weeks, before results are finally declared on may 23.
but the first phase of the poll carries its own significance because it sets the momentum.
watch: explained: key seats which may signal outcome of phase 1 of 2019 ls pollsacross 20 states, voters in 91 constituencies will elect their representatives on thursday.
besides others, all seats in andhra pradesh and telangana; a substantial number of seats in the northeast; and, of course, constituencies in uttar pradesh, bihar and west bengal  states in which the elections span across all seven phases  will witness voting.
there are many high-profile political figures in the fray.
from bharatiya janata party (bjp) ministers like nitingadkari gadkari, vk singh, mahesh sharma, kiren rijiju to significant opposition figures like rashtriya lok dals ajit singh and jayant chaudhary, former uttarakhand chief minister, harish rawat, telangana rashtriya samithis k kavitha, the fortunes of many leaders will be determined by how india votes today.
but a more important framework to understand the first phase of polling is to look at the issues which have dominated the campaign so far.
the bjps campaign message includes a mix of strong leadership as epitomised by narendra modi; national security as reflected in the balakot air strikes; and rural welfare in terms of asset creation.
the congress believes a robust critique of the modi government on its economic record in terms of unemployment and farmer incomes, coupled with its own promise of nyay, a scheme to give 20  of the poorest indian households rs 6000 every month, can catalyse a revival in its electoral prospects.
for regional parties, the message has revolved around state-specific welfare schemes; projection of their own leaders as potential players on the national stage; and a call to their voters that only regional parties, rather than delhi-centric parties and leaders, can address their aspirations.
other than the macro messaging, the campaign has also been characterised by a sharp focus on identity politics and the construction of social alliances.
as voters exercise their choice, the first phase of the polls will be a test for the parties about which of the messages resonates the most, in which regions, and which social alliances will prevail.
if the saffron allies continue their stand-off, the fate of who controls mumbai may be in the hands of parties who lost the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc)  the congress, nationalist congress party (ncp) and the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns).
both the shiv sena and the bharatiya janata party (bjp), who won a near equal mandate in the civic polls, have so far taken no steps to initiate a dialogue, work out a compromise and rule the bmc together.
instead, the allies-turned-rivals on saturday continued pressure tactics.
the sena claimed it is fully confident of getting its own mayor to win power in the civic body.
the bjp reiterated its agenda of `transparency.
the sena, however, moved faster by already enlisting the support of four out of five independents to bolster its seat tally to 88.
it has also initiated informal talks with the congress top brass, to get support for its mayoral candidate directly.
the direct support from congress looks tricky for now, with its city chief sanjay nirupam ruling it out.
but, the party can still help the sena by abstaining from voting or putting up its own mayoral candidate.
both options will reduce the numbers required to get a mayor elected for the sena and bjp, putting greater onus on the role of the ncp and mns.
the bjp, for the time being, has decided to wait and watch the congress stance before deciding its next move.
its leaders have avoided making adverse comments on the issue.
chief minister devendra fadnavis, at a victory meet in mumbai, said, those who want to go with congress are free to go with them.
.
.
we are firm on our agenda of transparency.
but neither did fadnavis take on the sena directly, nor did he claim the bjp would install its own mayor in the bmc.
senior bjp leaders told ht if the party had to make a bid for mayor, it would enlist the support of the seven mns corporators and the remaining independent corporator, but as of now, had not initiated talks with anyone.
if the parties face each other in the mayoral election on march 8 or 9, then that contest also looks poised for a close finish.
but, many in the political circles believe the stance of the allies is more about muscle-flexing for a better bargain.
sena chief uddhav thackeray, it is learnt, is keen on ensuring only a sena mayor in mumbai and is pressurizing bjp to concede.
the bmc will definitely only have a shiv sena mayor.
we have started informal talks with congress.
if the party doesnt support us and decides to abstain, we will ensure we have a proper floor management plan in place for our mayoral candidate to win, a shiv sena leader told ht.
another senior sena party functionary added, tying up with the bjp is not an option as of now.
we hope that the congress comes along with the shiv sena.
if at one go we get a number of 31 to add to our tally, it will prove a definite majority and we wont need to have any arrangements with other smaller parties at all, a senior sena functionary said.
the congress with its 31 corporators can hold a key to sena rule in the bmc, if it actively votes for a sena mayor.
it would not be the first time that the party has supported a sena mayor.
in mid-1970s, the congress had helped shiv sena in installing its mayor in mumbai.
however, state president ashok chavan had put a spanner in this discussion a day earlier saying that his party would consider support if sena walked out if the bjp-led government.
on saturday, congress city president sanjay nirupam, further clarified that his party would not support senas mayor even though the latter had sought their help.
but, nirupam said that his party would explore other options like abstaining from the polls or putting up their own candidate.
both these options could indirectly help to reduce the numbers required to get the mayor elected, making role of smaller parties even more important.
in such a scenario, how ncp and mns play their cards would become crucial.
the samajwadi party told ht that they would not support either of the saffron allies, with its six corporators expected to walk out during the mayoral election.
the aimim is expected to do the same.
in such a scenario, if ncp decides to abstain from voting like the congress and mns supports bjp, the latter could have a seat tally of one more than the sena.
mns has not revealed its cards yet though the bjp leaders feel that raj thackeray is more likely to support the bjp than the sena, as the latter had snubbed his offer for a tie-up before the elections.
while ncp has officially said that they would not support either bjp or the sena in its bid for the mayors post, senior leaders told ht that the party would definitely not support the bjp in this bid.
`we are sure that we will not support the bjp.
let congress spell out their decision and then we will take a call.
currently, it also looks like both bjp and sena will work out a compromise.
who will want to lose the state for the city?
, said a senior ncp leader.
he was referring to chavans statement that challenged sena to walk out of the bjp-led government to secure its own mayor in bmc.
union bjp minister nitingadkari gadkari cautioned the sena about falling into congress trap saying the party was trying to unstabalise the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had a meeting with senior sena leaders and newly-elected corporators at the partys headquarters at shiv sena bhavan, dadar.
he, however, said the meeting was procedural and there was no discussion about the mayoral candidates or election.
todays meeting was just to speak to the elected corporators, inform them about their duties and responsibilities in the bmc.
several of them are first-time corporators so there should not be any technical errors on their part, thackeray said.
he added, he will speak about the mayoral election when the party makes a decision.
prime minister narendra modi would be addressing poll rallies in aalo in arunachal pradesh, moran in assam and gohpur in assam.
bjp chief amit shah will also be addressing poll rally in gandhinagar followed by a road show before he files his nomination from the gandhinagar lok sabha seat.
union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari and leaders of bjps allies such as shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, sad supremo parkash singh badal and ljp founder ram vilas paswan are expected to be present during party president amit shahs filing of nomination.
follow live updates here:4:43 pm ist bjps mission in arunachal pradesh is 60+2: cm khandu exuding confidence in the bjps poll prospects in arunachal pradesh, chief minister pema khandu said on saturday that voters will help the saffron party accomplish its mission of 60 plus two in the state.
we have a target of winning all the seats and the bjps mission is 60 plus two, khandu said while addressing an election rally here in the presence of prime minister narendra modi.
the bjp has already opened its account in the state with three candidates declared elected unopposed in the 60-member assembly.
03:35 pm ist approved five new bridges on brahmaputra: pm modi constructed roads in villages and cities, our government has also approved five new bridges on brahmaputra for assams welfare: pm modi03:33 pm ist when world is praising india, opposition is raising questions on indias achievement: pm modi in assam whole world has been praising the india for its development steps and security stances.
but the opposition has been raising questions on indias achievements: pm modi in assams gohpur03:30 pm ist backed congress in 1971 when india defeated pakistan in war: pm modi in assam we supported congress in 1971 when the then government defeated pakistan and provided freedom to bangladesh, but today congress has been raising questions on our soldiers valour: pm modi in assam03:25 pm ist worked with honesty for assam: pm modi in assam i have worked with honesty for the betterment of assam, congress only destroyed the states: pm modi in assam02:00 pm ist bjp chief amit shah files nomination from gandhinagar lok sabha seat amit shah files nomination from gandhinagar lok sabha seat, top nda leaders including union home minister rajnath singh, union finance minister arun jaitely, shiv sena chief uddhav thackrey and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani accompany him.
01:52 pm ist working to develop northeast as indias new energy hub: pm modi northeast has power to become new indias new energy hub, govt is working hard to develop region for realising this dream: pm modi in moran.
01: 50 pm ist only congress and terrorist not happy with bjp govt.
: pm modi people are happy with bjp govt but it is only congress and terrorists who are not happy: pm modi at moran rally,reports news agency pti.
01:45 pm ist planning to provide schedule tribe status to assams six communities: pm modi nda government committed to save assams tradition and culture.
we are thinking to provide schedule tribe status to assams six communities: pm modi01:40 pm ist congress donot want to see anyone associated with tea business: pm modi congress has problems with chowkidars and chaiwalas, initially i thought the problem was with only one chaiwala but after touring whole country i realised that they dont want to see any chaiwala or anyone associated with tea business: pm modi in assams moran01:34 pm ist when asat test was done, congress had tears in their eyes: pm modi whole world stood with india after surgical strikes, but congress did not.
when our scientist carried out a-sat test, congress got tears in their eyes: pm modi in assam01: 30 pm ist assam first state to provide gas and fuel to nation, but only 40  residents of assam got gas connections in 70 years: pm modi assam was the state where india for the first time got fuel and oil but only 40 percent of the houses of this state got gas connection, but now within 5 years we have taken the number to 85 percent.
same with electricity, only 40 percent of houses in assam got electricity in 70 years, but within 5 years of our government almost ever house in assam has electricity connection.
12:02 pm ist congress made fun of our scientists: pm modi congresss statement after surgical strikes were seen by the nation, even when our scientist had achieved what only three countries could, congress made fun of them also: pm modi while addressing poll rally in arunachal                 ,     ,             ,           :   @narendramodi #northeast4modi  bjp (@bjp4india) march 30, 201911:55 am ist double engine of growth for arunachal after 2019 ls polls: pm modi i believe youth of arunachal pradesh, i am sure nda government at both centre and state will act as double engine of growth for the state: pm modi11:52 am ist congress is blinded by love for neighbouring country : pm modi congress and its leaders have been blinded by the love for neighbouring country to the point that they dont cherish northeast or india anymore, their statements are being flashed in pakistan: pm modi11:40 am ist other pms did not visit arunachal pradesh in 30 years, i visited northeast 30 times in 5 years: pm modi in arunachal pradeshs aalo it is after 30 years that a prime minister has visited arunachal pradeshs aalo, but in bjps rule prime minister has visited northeast over 30 times within five years: prime minister narendra modi while addressing poll rally in arunachal pradeshs aalo11:38 am ist bjp president amit shah holds road show in gandhinagar gujarat: bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah holds a road show in ahmedabad,reports news agency ani.
gujarat: bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah holds a road show in ahmedabad.
pic.
twitter.com/t42wkcpz9i  ani (@ani) march 30, 201911: 24 am ist feel fortune to be named bjps candidate from gandhinagar ls seat: amit shah my political career started in 1982, when i was a poll party head in gandhinagar.
i feel fortunate to be announced bjps candidate from lok sabha seat which was once lok sabha seat to lk advani and atal bihari vajpayee: bjp president amit shah11:10 am ist if we can credit indira gandhi for 1971 war victory, why cant we credit modi for airstrikes: rajnath singh in 1971 atal bihari vajpayee congratulated indira gandhi for war victory over pakistan because we placed nation first and party later but congress has been trying to discredit narendra modis decision making abilities: union home minister rajnath singh11:08 am ist india will soon be one of the top 3 super powers of the world: union home minister rajnath singh it is narendra modi who has taken india ahead of time, if given second chance then nda government under narendra modis leadership will soon be regarded as one of the top three super powers of the world: union home minister rajnath singh10:55 am ist nda government is power to the poor government: ram vilas paswan nda government is power to the poor government, we made sure sc/st and obc get economically and socially stronger: ljp founder ram villas paswan10:51 am ist kaun banega pm: uddhav thackerays poser to opposition grand alliance should hold a rally together and announce pm candidate, they are all busy proving different leaders as pm candidates: uddhav thackeray10:50 am ist some people were celebrating thinking bjp and shiv sena are fighting, but we are on same track now: shiv sena chief uddhav thackery people must be surprised that i reached at amit shahs nomination filing.
some of them were celebrating thinking that two parties of same ideologies were fighting.
we had detailed discussion over our misunderstandings and now we are on same track: uddhav thackery10:44 am ist our government achieved things that other governments could not in 50 years: nitingadkari gadkari in gandhinagar what other governments failed to achieve in 50 years, our government did in 5 years.
10:35 am ist amit shah is indias biggest organiser and campaigner: prakash singh badal amit shah is indias biggest organiser and campaigner, he was chief campaigner and organiser in 2014 when narendra modi was elected as prime minister of india: sad supremo prakash singh badal10:22 am ist amit shah pays tribute to sardar vallabhai patel before addressing poll rally in gandhinagar ahmedabad: bjp president amit shah pays tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel, he will file his nomination for gandhinagar parliamentary constituency today, reports news agency ani.
ahmedabad: bjp president amit shah pays tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel, he will file his nomination for gandhinagar parliamentary constituency today.
#gujarat pic.
twitter.com/hl1a0fupmx  ani (@ani) march 30, 201910:00 am ist up village threatens to boycott ls polls over demand for bridge the residents of a village in uttar pradeshs muzaffarnagar district have threatened to boycott the upcoming lok sabha elections over the authorities not paying heed to their demand to construct a bridge over solani river.
the decision was taken at a panchayat meeting in yogender nagar village.
a villager, pratap singh, said since the village is located near the river, residents face problems in getting across.
these problems are aggravated during the monsoon season, he added, reports news agency pti.
heres an incident from mid-2017, which was reported by several local newspapers, including hello nashik, a city supplement of lokmat.
at the time when chhagan bhujbal was still languishing in a jail in mumbai, kirit somaiya landed in nashik for a party executive meet.
he was a member of parliament, with absolutely no authority to take any decision whatsoever on how bhujbal or anybody else should be dealt with by the government.
but emboldened by his partys encouragement to take on the shiv sena and uddhav thackeray, who he had relentlessly tormented during the municipal elections a few months earlier, he landed at bhujbals farm and private residence and ordered the local police to take down the signboard at the gates and seal the property.
the cops refused, stating sealing of private property cant be done without a court order.
they said that even if such orders were issued, their job would only be providing protection to the civic authorities who were to implement the order.
even as somaiya insisted, a mob of nearly 200-300 ncp supporters arrived, armed with rods, sticks and cricket bats.
one look at their angry demeanour and somaiya, according to reporters who had accompanied the mob, ran for his life.
he barely managed to get into his car and shut the door, before the driver revved up the engine and hastily left bhujbals farmhouse.
the police advised him to leave the city, as the anger among bhujbal supporters was palpable and they were finding it difficult to calm down the boys.
somaiya took their advice and beat a hasty retreat from nashik.
while newspapers reported the incident, somaiya succeeded in preventing their videos from going viral.
over the years, somaiya has been unable to shake the propensity to jump in with two left feet into every quarrel, even within his own party.
much of the campaign against union minister nitingadkari gadkari, when he was the bjp president in the pre-2014 era, and seemed the likely favourite of the rss to become either the leader of the opposition or the prime minister, was run by his own party men.
somaiya, well-connected with the media in mumbai, used his resources to put juicy leads against gadkari.
gadkari had to step back from a second term as the party president, for, despite the rss best efforts, some older leaders were determined to sideline him.
it is another matter that those senior leaders who used somaiya against his own then party president themselves stand sidelined today.
somaiya, however, got lucky with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, who is a bitter rival of gadkari in nagpur, appreciating his efforts and encouraging him to take on the shiv sena ahead of the municipal elections in 2017.
somaiya was relentless in labelling uddhav thackeray a mafia.
although people questioned both somaiya and the bjp for their partnership with the sena in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation for, all those years that somaiya had labelled the thackerays as corrupt, some of that mud stuck and the sena managed to win the bmc only by the skin of its teeth.
but the thackerays have always been long on memory and intransigent on paybacks.
i knew if there ever was an alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena, somaiya would be its first casualty.
he is a sitting mp and while the bjp has no reason to change his candidature, they have kept somaiya hanging  that is the only seat for which the bjp has not awarded a ticket for so far.
with another video of somaiya accusing uddhav thackeray of crawling before builders going viral an interview he reportedly gave to a marathi news channel a few days ago  i tend to think he may have burnt even the remnants of his bridges with everybody.
the alliance with the shiv sena is of crucial importance to the bjp.
the ruthlessness the current leadership has shown towards retiring its revered founder members makes me believe they may not find it too difficult to sacrifice one seat and an ordinary sitting mp to gain much more across the state.
fadnavis is attempting to stand by him, but for how long?
gadkari could have swung it for him, but clearly wont.
however, it is for somaiya to have known never to meddle in other peoples business, however tempting.
and never to be left friendless in politics, where there are no permanent friends or enemies.
as the 2019 lok sabha elections drew to a close on sunday evening, eight separate exit polls, conducted by different polling agencies, commissioned by different media houses, predicted that narendra modi was best positioned to return as indias prime minister .
day after final and seventh phase of voting in lok sabha elections 2019, andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu will be meeting his west bengal counterpart mamata banerjee to hold post-poll talks in kolkata.
follow live updates here3:20 pm ist kumaraswamy voices concern over vulnerability of evms with most exit polls forecasting another term for prime minister narendra modi and the bjp almost sweeping karnataka in the lok sabha polls, chief minister h d kumaraswamy monday expressed concerns over the vulnerability of the electronic voting machines (evms).
hitting out at the pollsters, the chief minister in a series of tweets alleged that the artificially engineered or manufactured modi wave is being used by the bjp to lure regional parties well in advance to fill any shortfall after the results on may 23.
entire opposition political parties had expressed concern over credibility of evms under pm @narendramodis rule.
opposition parties even knocked the doors of the supreme court asking for a traditional ballot paper electionsto avoid defective evms that are vulnerable to fraud, kumaraswamy said.
world wide, even developed countries have opted for traditional polls through paper ballets.
the exit poll surveys on may 19 only reiterated the serious concern of the opposition parties on misuse of vulnerable evms for electoral gains by the ruling party, he said in another tweet.
3:18 pm ist congress workers reject exit polls, say results will be different exit polls painted a grim picture for the congress but party workers remain unfazed, asserting that the results on may 23 would not be onesided as shown projected, and their party would perform better.
most exit polls sunday forecast another term for prime minister narendra modi, with some of them projecting that bjp-led nda will get more than 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
even as the atmosphere at the congress headquarters remained sombre monday morning, party workers rejected the exit polls and said may 23 would give results quite different from the projections.
the exit polls are an attempt by the bjp to spread rumours and they might try to manipulate evms after creating such atmosphere, said congress worker jagdish sharma.
we will perform better and win.
it would not be onesided as projected.
we have seen the real atmosphere at the ground and no one is believing the exit polls except the bjp, he said.
3:14 pm ist rajbhar shattered decorum of alliance dharma: bjp hours after om prakash rajbhar was sacked from the uttar pradesh council of ministers, the bjp said he has shattered the decorum of alliance dharma by continuously speaking against the party despite being an ally.
earlier in the day, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath recommended to governor immediate sacking of rajbhar, also the suheldev bhartiya samaj party (sbsp) chief, from his cabinet for his outbursts against senior nda partner bjp.
governor ram naik accepted the recommendation and relieved rajbhar from his post of backward class welfare and divyangjan empowerment minister, an official spokesperson said.
the bjp is a party which gives full respect to its allies and honours the coalition dharma.
but, it is unfortunate that our alliance partner in up, om prakash rajbhar, not just violated the decorum of alliance dharma, but shattered it.
it is for this reason that the party and up chief minister yogi adityanath were compelled to take such a strong step, state bjp chief mahendra nath pandey said in a statement.
2:30 pm ist most of exit poll agencies are pro-bjp channels: cpi the communist party of india monday sought to discredit the agencies which predicted a second term for the narendra modi government in their exit polls, and claimed the nda would fall short of the majority mark.
most of them are pro-bjp channels; this was expected from them, this is part of the bjps election campaign; from the beginning till now, they are continuously with them.
so, i dont give much value for that, cpi general secretary suravaram sudhakar reddy told pti.
the senior bjp leader was speaking at the launch of a poster of pm narendra modi, a biopic on prime minister narendra modi, being released this friday.
exit polls are not the final decision, but are indications.
1:42 pm ist bjp demands re-poll in bengals violence-hit constituencies a bjp delegation on monday met election commission officials and demanded re-polling in the violence-hit constituencies of west bengal.
we gave the election commission detailed information of the violence inflicted upon our workers and reiterated our demand for re-poll in constituencies where violence occurred in seventh phase and earlier phases, particularly in west bengal, union minister piyush goyal told reporters1:38 pm ist not bothered about exit poll results, says stalin a day after eight separate exit polls, conducted by different polling agencies, commissioned by different media houses, predicted that narendra modi was best positioned to return as indias prime minister, dmk chief mk stalin said that he wasnt bothered about the exit poll results.
1:35 pm ist sabarimala issue didnt affect polls, will win big: kerala cm we are going to win big.
sabarimala issue didnt affect polls in kerala.
all of us know who created troubles there, said kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan, reported news agency ani.
1:30 pm ist informed ec about violence inflicted upon bjp workers: piyush goyal we gave the election commission detailed information of the violence inflicted upon our workers.
we reiterated our demand for re-poll for constituencies where violence occurred in 7th phase and earlier phases, particularly in west bengal, said union minister piyush goyal, as reported by news agency ani.
1:11 pm ist opposition can daydream till may 23: ram madhav with opposition parties citing the example of australia federal elections in which exit polls predictions went wrong, bjp general secretary ram madhav on monday mocked his rivals saying they were daydreaming.
he asserted that such a situation will not arise in india and said that bjp will win a bigger mandate than what exit polls are showing.
the opposition can keep on dreaming day and night till may 23.
by 12 pm on that day, their dream will not come true.
we will wait for the exact results.
but, i am confident that we will get a bigger mandate than what exit polls are showing, madhav told ani.
12:55 pm ist entire opposition in political icu after exit polls: giriraj singh union minister and bjp leader giriraj singh on monday said that the entire opposition leaders slipped into oblivion after the exit polls came out on sunday.
his jibe at the opposition came after exit polls on television channels on sunday projected the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) to retain power at the centre with most of the pollsters giving prime minister modi a clear majority again in the 543-member lok sabha.
singhs tweet in hindi roughly translates as, the entire opposition, including mamta banerjee and n chandrababu naidu, has reached icu politically after seeing exit polls.
now after 23rd, all these people should introspect for a better future, however, the opposition parties have termed the exit polls as wrong.
12:50 pm ist akhilesh yadav leaves mayawatis residence samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav left after meeting bsp chief mayawati at her residence in lucknow.
12:40 pm ist tmc busy with post-poll calculations after exit polls miffed with exit poll predictions, the trinamool congress is busy with post-poll calculations based on reports received from the districts, a senior party leader said monday, reported news agency pti.
dismissing the exit poll predictions, he said, we do not have to worry about these exit poll reports, which in most cases do not match.
we have our internal party report.
we also have reports from districts and each and every constituency.
the tmc leadership is also in talks with various opposition parties in the country, party sources said.
12:35 pm ist sp chief akhilesh yadav meets bsp supremo mayawati samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav monday reached bsp supremo mayawatis residence in uttar pradeshs lucknow.
two months after residents of new palam vihar got the construction of elevated road on northern peripheral road (npr) stopped in protest against the curved alignment of a portion of a 90-metre road near sectors 109/110, the national highways authority of india (nhai) contractor conducted a fresh survey this week in the presence of the residents to correct the alignment.
after the survey, the road was straightened by putting marks on the ground as per the demand of residents.
the pillars of the proposed elevated road will be erected accordingly in the centre, officials said.
as many as three times since february 1, the residents of sai kunj in new palam vihar area stopped the npr (popularly known as the dwarka expressway) elevated road work, demanding correction in faulty alignment.
the residents gave representations in this regard to area mp rao inderjit singh, district administration gurugram, nhai, and union minister nitingadkari gadkari, demanding correction in faulty alignment near sectors 109/110.
the residents had stopped the work on march 17 and 24.
rakesh rana, a resident of new palam vihar, said, we are happy.
finally, nhai asked its contractor to do fresh survey and earmark on ground correct dimension of 90-metre motorable road at questionable portion near sectors 109/110.
we must thank l & t limited for resolving the issue in larger interest of the residents of new palam vihar and sai kunj.
we noticed the problem in june-july when haryana shahari vikas pradhikaran (hsvp) constructed bituminous 90-m motorable road in 1.
5 km portion of npr with a curve near sectors 109/110 wrongly and against original drawing in new palam vihar, and transferred it to nhai later.
over the next two months, we kept raising this issue with hsvp and nhai but they turned down our appeal.
then we stopped the ongoing work on february 1, said rana, adding that l&t has corrected the alignment now.
residents said that the curve was created to give adequate open space to a proposed commercial site opposite new palam vihar.
rk mishra, project director, l & t limited, said, we have surveyed the questionable alignment in presence of area residents and accordingly it has been earmarked on ground for their satisfaction.
the dwarka expressway extends from kherki daula toll plaza in gurugram to nh-8 near shiv murti to mahipalpur in new delhi, over 29 kms.
after prime minister narendra modis campaign rally for the first phase of lok sabha elections on monday, congress president rahul gandhi will hold three rallies in various parts of vidarbha this week.
on thursday, he will address a rally in nagpur and two rallies in chandrapur and wardha the next day.
he will interact with college students in pune on friday morning.
seven lok sabha constituencies from vidarbha are going to polls on april 11.
rahul gandhis first rally will be for party candidate nana patole, who is facing bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in nagpur constituency.
he will interact with youngsters in pune on friday on the various issues the country is facing today, said maharashtra congress chief ashok chavan.
after the interaction, expected to be at bharati vidyapeeth, headed by party mla vishwajeet kadam, gandhi will hold two more rallies in vidarbha.
he will address a rally in chandrapur in the afternoon and then in wardha in the evening.
suresh dhanorkar, a shiv sena legislator who defected to the congress, is the partys chandrapur candidate.
state womens wing chief charulata tokas is the partys wardha candidate.
according to party sources, after the nagpur rally on thursday, gandhi will hold meetings with party workers in pune in the night and fly to vidarbha again the next day.
meanwhile, the party announced its candidates for pune and raver constituencies.
former party legislator mohan joshi has been fielded against bjp leader and state minister girish bapat.
maratha leader pravin gaikwad, who joined the party two days ago, was the likely candidate for the party, but the party chose not to field him as he could have been a polarising candidate owing to the caste factor.
besides, his remarks against the party leadership reportedly went against him.
the congress has fielded former mp ulhas patil as its candidate from raver, which was contested by the ncp in the 2014 elections.
after ncp conceded its seat to the ally congress, the seat-sharing formula between the two parties has become 27-21 (congress-ncp).
both the parties have given two seats each to the smaller parties in the alliance.
ahead of the polls in this vidarbha constituency on april 11, observers feel that sitting mp nitingadkari gadkari has a slight edge over his former party colleague nana patole who is contesting for the congress.
the contest is considered to be one of the big election fights in maharashtra.
patole  a former mp and mla from the neighbouring bhandara district has been trying to brush aside his outsider tag.
he also doesnt wish to talk about the internecine schisms and factionalism in the congress as he was pitted  as per his wish  against gadkari.
gadkari had already left his imprint in the national political picture when he contested his maiden lok sabha election in 2014.
but a lot has changed in the past five years and gadkari has gained widespread recognition with the performance of the ministry he headed  the ministry of surface transport and shipping.
he was seen as one of the better performers in pm modis cabinet.
his supporters are using this reputation to make an appeal, calling him the the pride of nagpur.
the congress which used to dominate this constituency, which also houses the rss headquarters, is trying to keep the narrative to the basic issues of jobs and agrarian crises among others.
this time, the election battle in nagpur has assumed casteist overtones.
patole, a powerful leader from the kunbi community, is banking heavily on dalit, muslim and kunbi voters in his fight against gadkari, a bramhin, which is relatively a micro-minority in his constituency.
patole supporters claim kunbi voters, who along with dalits and muslims, are traditionally inclined towards the congress.
patole apparently had made up his mind to contest from nagpur and perhaps anticipated taking on gadkari despite knowing that he would not be able to do so on a bjp ticket.
he had been preparing the ground for over the past two years, organised several rallies and meetings with the obc community.
patole, who, as a bjp mp from bhandara-gondia constituency, presented himself as the face of the community and would even take on modi, demanding a separate ministry for obc welfare.
he resigned from the ls membership and the bjp after accusing modi and chief minister devendra fadnavis for their failure to solve farmers problems and other issues.
the congress candidate had earned the tag of giant killer in 2014 when he defeated ncp stalwart praful patel and congress supporters claim that he will retain that tag as he takes on gadkari in nagpur.
the congress agreed and preferred him over its seven-time congress mp vilas muttemwar (who won the seat for four consecutive terms from 1998 to 2014).
with no modi wave like last time, we are confident that our traditional voters dalits, muslims and kunbis would back us, said state congress spokesperson atul londhe.
the rss, which is headquartered at nagpur, put up a huge show of strength as gadkari went to the collectorate to file his nomination papers earlier last week.
meanwhile , patole pointed out that infrastructure development (considered gadkaris strength) is not the only development.
gadkari being a senior cabinet minister did nothing for the unemployed youth.
i will bring a white-paper on gadkaris misdeeds and false promises, soon, patole said.
with the contest with patole being described as a neck-and-neck race, its more than that for gadkari  whose prestige is at stake in the city that saw him climb up the ranks of the saffron outfit and national political stage.
gadkari is also banking on the support from some congress and ncp workers, part of the anti-ashok chavan faction in the city.
indias staggered general elections kicked off on thursday with 91 lok sabha seats spread across 18 states and two union territories going to the polls, the first day of a nearly six-week-long process that constitutes the worlds largest democratic exercise.
the first four hours of voting were largely smooth and peaceful barring a reports of violence in andhra pradesh and malfunctioning of the electronic voting machines (evms) in various constituencies.
two people died in andhra pradeshs anantpur district in the clashes between supporters of the telugu desam party and the ysr congress.
evm glitches were reported from andhra pradesh, uttar pradesh and bihar.
but overall enthusiasm was seen among voters, who were seen queuing up since early morning outside booths in andhra pradesh, jammu and kashmir, uttar pradesh, bihar, west bengal, manipur and other states voting in the first phase of the national elections.
soon after the polling began, prime minister narendra modi urged voters, specially mentioning first-time voters, to come out in large numbers and exercise their franchise.
also appealing for large turnout were bjp chief amit shah and ministers rajnath singh and kiren rijiju.
watch: ls election 2019: first phase of voting kicks off across indiaamong the early voters were andhra pradesh chief minister chandrabbau naidu and his family members, ysrcp leader jagan mohan reddy, former uttarakhand cms harish rawat and ramesh pokhriyal nishank .
follow live updates herea total of 142 million people will vote in 170,664 poll booths to decide the fates of 1,279 candidates.
in addition to lok sabha elections, the states of andhra pradesh and sikkim are also voting for new assemblies on thursday, as are parts of the coastal state of odisha.
the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
the biggest chunk of seats are up for grabs in andhra pradesh, which is voting in the first election since bifurcation in 2014.
polling for all 25 lok sabha and 175 assembly seats are being held simultaneously.
there are 2,118 candidates for the state polls and 319 for the lok sabha elections, whose fate will be decided by roughly 39 million voters.
telugu desam party (tdp) chief and chief minister n chandrababu naidu is be seeking election from kuppam, while his son nara lokesh is making his electoral debut from mangalagiri.
the principal challenger, ysr congress chief y s jaganmohan reddy, is fighting from his familys pocket borough of pulivendula.
the neighbouring state of telangana is voting for all 17 lok sabha seats.
having nearly swept the assembly elections in december, the ruling telangana rashtra samithi is hoping for a strong showing in a state where the congress and the bharatiya janata party (bjp) are the opposition parties.
there are 443 candidates in the fray in telangana.
the nizamabad lok sabha constituency is a special case as 185 candidates are fighting the polls, forcing the election commission to issue jumbo electronic voting machines (evms).
also read: lok sabha 2019 constituency: aiadmk will look to retain tamil nadus chennai south for the third timecongress leader renuka chowdary (khammam), all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) president asaduddin owaisi (hyderabad), state congress president n uttam kumar reddy (nalgonda) and kalvakuntla kavitha (nizamabad), daughter of the chief minister, are among the high-profile lok sabha poll candidates in telangana.
voting is underway at eight lok sabha seats in communally sensitive western uttar pradesh, where the ruling bjp will clash with the samajwadi party (sp)-bahujan samaj party (bsp)-rashtriya lok dal (rld) alliance.
all eyes are on muzaffarnagar, where rld chief ajit singh is taking on the bjps sanjeev balyan, the former union minister.
his son jayant chaudhary is in the fray against union minister satyapal singh in baghpat lok sabha constituency.
seven lok sabha seats in maharashtra are going to polls with union roads minister nitingadkari gadkari locked in a battle with congresss nana patole, a former bjp mp, in nagpur.
union minister and bjp leader, hansaraj ahir, is seeking a fourth term from chandrapur.
in bihar, voting is underway in four lok sabha constituencies.
lok janshakti party (ljp) leader chirag paswan is contesting from jamui seat, where bhudeo chaudhary of the rashtriya lok samata party is his main opponent.
in the north-east, union minister kiren rijiju is seeking re-election from arunachal pradesh west constituency; polling is being held at four seats in assam with former chief minister tarun gogois son gaurav gogoi fighting from kaliabor.
in chhattisgarh, the maoist-affected bastar seat is voting today amid tight security following an attack that killed a bjp lawmaker and four security personnel.
in odisha, polling is taking place at four lok sabha and 28 assembly seats.
two lok sabha constituencies each in west bengal, jammu and kashmir and meghalaya are also voting in the first phase of the national elections.
mizoram, tripura, manipur, nagaland, sikkim, andaman and nicobar, and lakshadweep are also voting in the first phase of the lok sabha polls.
read more: lok sabha 2019 constituency: bjp has won from ups hathras six timestwo seats in the violence-hit jammu and kashmir, jammu and baramulla, are voting on thursday amid a boycott call by separatists and tight security to offset protests sweeping the valley against an order to restrict civilian movement on highways two days a week.
in the sensitive baramulla seat, three-tier security is in place with 400 additional companies [a unit typically comprising between 80 and 150 personnel] of forces deployed for security of the polling stations, voters and staff.
officials said around 30,000 additional forces have been deployed.
the lok sabha elections are being held with a raft of new measures, such as voter verified paper audit trails in all voting machines (which corresponded to 1.
74 million vvpat units) to end any doubts about the veracity of vote cast, photographs of the candidates in evms in an apparent attempt to end confusion between nominees with similar names.
after a supreme court order, vvpat will have to be tallied with the physical vote count in five evms in every constituency.
union minister of road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation nitingadkari gadkari wore a relaxed demeanour at the end of the polling on thursday.
he faces congress candidate nana patole, who belongs to the kunbi (a maratha sub-caste in western maharashtra) community.
nagpur is a prestigious seat for the bjp, as it houses the headquarters of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), the partys ideological parent.
it is also considered the nerve centre of the ambedkarite movement.
a cosmopolitan city, the electorate is a mix of dalit, muslim, kunbi and brahmin communities.
gadkaris advantage lies in the raft of development projects that he is instrumental for bringing to the city, including the metro rail besides opening educational institutes such as the aiims, iim and national law university.
for patole, a former bjp minister who joined the congress last year, hope lies in convincing voters of misrule of the modi government, the alleged rafale deal irregularities and the unfulfilled welfare measures.
in 2014, gadkari won by a margin of 284,848 votes over vilash muttemwar of the congress party.
we have already started a study into the matter.
the water that will be stopped from flowing into pakistan will be given to punjab, haryana and rajasthan, union minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources said at a press conference in amritsar on wednesday.
the minister said that the basis of the water treaty between the two asian neighbours was peaceful relations and friendship that had completely vanished.
on a campaign tour in punjab, which goes to polls in the last phase of voting on may 19, nitingadkari gadkari also took potshots at the nehru-gandhi clan saying they had been making tall promises on eradication of poverty, but never delivered.
when jawaharlal nehru became the first prime minister, he promised to eradicate poverty.
the same promise was made by his daughter indira gandhi, the grandmother of current congress president rahul gandhi, he said.
the legacy followed and indira gandhis son, rajiv gandhi, who also became pm, promised to eradicate poverty.
after that rajivs wife sonia gandhi made manmohan singh the pm who also made a similar promise, he said.
now, rahul gandhi is also promising that he will free the people of the country from poverty.
he is promising to do what his ancestors could not.
does that mean nothing was done by all of them in 55 years of the congress rule?
asks gadkari.
also read | nehru took your homework: priyanka gandhi jibes pm modi at delhi roadshowhe also alleged that the wrong policies of the previous congress governments were responsible for corruption.
stating that the entire nation is now well-connected through a network of highways, he promised the local residents that the long-pending demand of an elevated road in khanna will be met and the khanna-samrala road will be repaired, if the bjp is voted to power again.
seven constituencies from maharashtras vidarbha region  nagpur, wardha, ramtek, yavatmal-washim, bhandara-gondia, chandrapur and maoist-affected gadchiroli-chimur  will go to polls in the first phase on thursday, deciding the future of prominent candidates, including two union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and hansraj ahir and former state congress chief manikrao thakre.
an ied blast was reported in gadchiroli on wednesday, leading to heightened security in gadchiroli-chimur constituency.
the neighbouring chhattisgarh saw a maoist attack on tuesday.
the remaining three constituencies from the region  buldhana, akola and amravati  will vote in the second phase on april 18.
the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) and shiv sena combine is looking for a repeat of 2014, when they had won all 10 lok sabha seats of the region.
it was the first time when the saffron combine managed a clean sweep in vidarbha.
before that, its best performance in the region was in 2004, when it had won nine of the ten seats.
on the other hand, the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) have left no stone unturned to give a tough fight to the ruling front.
in 2009 polls, both the fronts  bjp-shiv sena and the congress-ncp  got five seats each.
the region is still facing farm crisis, which is a major issue.
vidarbha elections are also known for caste politics.
the outcome of many seats in the region will be decided by how kunbi-maratha, teli and other communities vote.
the minority community, too, can influence the outcome of the elections in some constituencies.
this is the reason prakash ambedkar-led vanchit bahujan aghadi and mayawati-led bahujan samaj party (bsp) may be the deciding factor in a few lok sabha constituencies in the region.
most of the times, a government faces anti-incumbency after completion of its tenure, but in our case there is pro-incumbency.
the kind of response we have got in the first phase of the campaign was amazing and we hope to win all seven seats, said madhav bhandari, state bjp spokesperson.
in vidarbha, a sense of being neglected developed during the 15 years of the congress-ncp rule (2001-14) in the state.
this was attributed as the main reason behind the bjps victory in 2014, apart from the modi wave.
irrigation backlog (provision of less than required funds for irrigation projects) compared to other regions, especially western maharashtra, load-shedding and poor infrastructure were seen as prime examples of it.
currently, the region is reeling under drought and suicides of farmers in many of its districts, which may impact the results.
there is a congress wave in the vidarbha region.
people have realized that they have been cheated by the ruling parties.
we believe the party will succeed in most of the seats, said congress spokesperson sachin sawant.
prime minister narendra modi on tuesday likened his campaign for this lok sabha election to a pilgrimage, saying it stood out from other polls as it was being fought by the people and not the party alone.
he made these remarks at a meeting of ministers of his government at the bjp headquarters where he thanked them for their work, union minister narendra singh tomar told reporters.
i have seen many elections but this one was beyond politics.
public was fighting them.
i have campaigned in assembly elections and undertaken political tours for the party in different elections.
when i toured during these polls, it seemed that i was on a pilgrimage, the prime minister was quoted as saying.
he met union ministers from the bjp as well as allies at the meeting- called aabhar milan (expressing gratitude)- hosted by party president amit shah.
shah also later hosted a dinner for party leaders and allies.
the bjp described the meeting as an occasion to thank ministers for their service to the nation ahead of the counting of votes for the lok sabha election on may 23, following which a new government will assume charge.
later in a tweet, shah said, i congratulate team modi sarkar for their hard work and remarkable achievements in the last 5 years.
let us keep this momentum going for a new india under the leadership of pm narendra modi.
union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, j p nadda and prakash javadekar were among the key leaders from the bjp at the meeting.
some ministers from bjp allies, including ram vilas paswan of the lok janshakti party, harsimrat kaur badal from the akali dal and anupriya patel of the apna dal, also attended the meeting.
in the dinner meet, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, jd(u) president and bihar chief minister nitish kumar, besides other allies were present.
the saffron camp has expressed confidence that the nda will emerge victorious, with the exit polls too forecasting a return of the modi government.
(the story has been published from a wire feed without any modifications to the text, only the headline has been changed.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on saturday countered the claims made by maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray in his rallies and said he has been presenting edited videos to build a false campaign against the ruling party.
presenting its own set of videos, the mumbai unit of the bjp said thackeray has been twisting and distorting information to misguide people.
hours before the curtains came down on electioneering in mumbai, the bjp and the mns exchanged claims and counterclaims.
while bjp said thackeray has been speaking in the language of pakistani prime minister imran khan and pakistani media, the mns said the ruling party is losing sleep over the expos by thackeray.
the mns chief has been launching scathing attacks on prime minister narendra modi over the ganga cleaning project, pulwama attack, ujjwala yojana, note ban, gst rollout, etc, at his rallies, which have attracted large crowds.
bjps mumbai unit chief, ashish shelar, countered close to 20 allegations made by the mns chief in the past 20 days to present the true picture.
shelar said the videos shown by thackeray and the 32 allegations made were not sourced from verified social media accounts of the bjp or through rti.
on pulwama, there was a lot of mudslinging.
in one rally, he [thackeray] said amit shah was the first to speak about the airstrike when in fact, the pakistan army pro was the first to tweet about it at 5.
12am on february 26.
amit shah tweeted about it on february 26 afternoon, shelar said at rangsharda auditorium.
he claimed that thackeray spoke half truth about the meetings between the national security agencies of both countries.
he showed an article and said ajit doval and pakistan nsa had a secret meeting in bangkok in december.
he didnt say which year the meeting took place.
it was in december 2017 while the pulwama attacks occurred in february 2019.
shelar also slammed thackeray for questioning the valour of indian servicemen.
first imran khan said no war, then mns said the same thing.
later, pakistan pm said no f-16 shot down, and mns said the same.
pakistan is demanding inquiry of ajit doval and so is mns.
he is speaking in the language of pakistan.
people now have a question: what imran khan plans, thackeray does the same, he said.
shelar also claimed that in one of thackerays rallies, he showed an edited video of modis interview, where he was seen asking that if the death of farmers can be an election issue, then why the death of soldiers cannot be one.
shelar, on saturday, showed an extended clip of the interview and said, if he had shown the question in the clip, people would have known [the context].
shelar also countered thackerays claim that though 20,000 crore has been spent on namami gange project, the river is still polluted.
he said sewerage treatment plants have been set up in hubli, kanpur, patna, prayagraj and varanasi in the past 1,200 days of the government.
responding to shelars counter-claims, mns leader sandeep deshpande said the namami gange video shown by shelar is an advertisement of the bjp.
weve already exposed how fake their ads aretodays press conference was an example that the bjp is losing sleep after being exposed by raj sahib, he said, while addressing the media at shivaji park.
the mns on saturday also claimed the states advertisement on skill development was fake.
deshpande introduced rekha vahatule, who had enrolled in the states skill training programme and whose name was allegedly used in the advertisement.
vahatule, who is from aurangabad district, said, i have a masala business.
i got skill training through the scheme.
but they did not help me promote my business.
i havent got any benefit.
they used my name for the ad.
in a direct contest that is brewing in giridih and dhanbad lok sabha seats between nda and grand alliance candidates, transfer of core votes of alliance partners could decide the fate of contenders in the electoral battle on sunday, the sixth phase of lok sabha elections.
in dhanbad, though 20 candidates are in the fray, the principal contest is between bjp candidate pn singh and congress nominee kirti azad.
both the bjp and congress have entered into political alliances in the state and are banking on support of their partners to sail over troubled waters.
lok sabha elections 2019 phase 6 voting: follow live updates herein the 2014 lok sabha elections, bjp candidate pn singh received 5,43,491 votes and won by a massive margin of over 2.
93 lakh votes against congress nominee ajay kumar dubey who got 2,50,537 votes.
but this time, congress has stitched up alliances with jharkhand vikash morcha (jvm), marxist coordination committee (mcc), who had jointly received over two lakh votes in 2014.
mcc candidate anand mahto had got over 1 lakh votes and jvm (p) nominee samresh singh polled over 90,000 votes.
congress is banking on their vote banks to upset bjp, as it hopes that the vote shares of both mcc and jvm will translate into votes for kirti azad.
bjp too is in an alliance with all jharkhand students union (ajsu) party, though the ajsu received merely 21,000 votes from dhanbad in the 2014 lok sabha elections.
but it has to be seen how much both the fronts are able to garner their respective alliance partners votes in their favour on sunday.
also read | lok sabha elections 2019: in jharkhand, mega oppn alliance hopes to dislodge bjpwhen two parties are engaged in a direct contest, the success only depends on the ability to shift their core votes to their alliance candidate.
all parties have their own base of voters and alliance politics works on basis of transferring a partys support base to the alliance partner.
of course transfer of votes would decide the fate of candidates on sunday, said dr pramod pathak, political analyst.
ajsu is facing a similar situation in the giridih parliamentary seat.
ajsu candidate chandra prakash chaudhary is locked in a direct contest against jagarnath mahto of jmm.
in 2014, ajsu had fought alone and got over 55,000 votes but this time it is allying alliance with bjp and banking on the saffron partys vote bank.
bjps ravindra pandey got 3,91,913 votes from giridih in 2014.
though bjp has taken a risk by handing over the giridih seat to ajsu, the party has spent considerable resources to project chaudhury as ndas face in giridih.
prime minister narendra modi and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari have both campaigned for chaudhury.
ajsu also enjoys the support of jd(u), which polled a little over 40,000 votes from giridih in 2014.
jmm candidate jagannath mahto, who lost from giridih in 2014 by over 40,000 votes, is depending on the vote bank of alliance partner jvm (p), which polled over 57,000 votes in the previous lok sabha election.
the narendra modi government built 22 km of roads per day in 2016-17, missing its ambitious target of constructing 41 km every day.
road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had set an all-time high target of building 15,000 km of roads in 2016-17 but only managed 8,200 km of roads.
this construction figure, however, is the highest that the ministry has achieved till date and more than double of what the previous upa government managed.
between 2009 and 2014, on an average 6 km to 9 km of roads were built per day.
road built per day 2012-14: 9 km/day2015-16: 17.
2 km/day2016-17: approx.
22 km/daygadkari had also set a target of awarding 25,000-km of stretch under highway projects in 2016-17 as compared to 10,000 km last fiscal.
we managed to award around 14,000 km by march 31.
though we have not met the target, this is the highest figure so far, said a senior road ministry official.
officials said delay in land acquisition and tepid response from private developers came in the way of the ministry meeting its target.
but the centre according priority to roads helped in achieving an all-time high construction and award figures, the official added.
allocation to the highways sector in last three years 2014- rs 15 34,345 crore2015-rs 16 44,255 crore2016- rs 17 57, 976 crore2017- rs 18 64, 900 crorethe highway sector had hit a rough patch since 2007.
however, under the modi government, between 2014-15 and 2016-17, the overall allocation to the sector increased by 73   from 1.
3 lakh crore to 2.
25 lakh crore.
the pm has been regularly reviewing the progress of the sector through his monthly meetings where he interacts with central and state officials through video conference, to resolve bottlenecks holding up projects.
the ministry has initiated a series of measures to de-centralise work .
in the last two-and-a-half years, we resolved issues that were stalling about 80 projects.
only a handful of projects are stuck as of now, said a senior nhai official.
besides, the ministry also empowered states to appraise projects worth up to 100 crore and invite tenders.
earlier, all such projects used to come under the centre, resulting in delays.
it also introduced a new model called hybrid annuity where the government gives 40   of the construction cost while the developer invests the remaining 60  .
so far 26 projects have been awarded under the new model.
india prepares to implement the new emission norms from 2020 and top automakers are tweaking engine designs to make c ars euro vi grade fuel compatible, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on tuesday said.
to tame high vehicular pollution, the government last year decided on stricter emission norms of bharat stage (bs) vi, equivalent to euro vi, from april 1, 2020, from the present bs iv, thereby skipping bs-v altogether.
we are moving ahead fast towards new fuel emission norms.
automakers need to make some amendments to their engines to make them euro vi fuel compliant.
they are making necessary changes.
mercedes is ready.
mercedes has said their engines are euro vi compliant, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari told pti in an interview.
the minister said that top automobile manufacturers have assured to take all necessary steps in this regard as government had already taken a decision to make the euro vi emission norms mandatory from april 1, 2020.
i am confident that we will be successful in this move and once euro vi is implemented, vehicular pollution will fall drastically, he said.
petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan has said that euro vi fuel will be available by april 1, 2020, he said.
asked whether there is any possibility that the new emission norms could be implemented ahead of scheduled april 2020 deadline, the minister said, we (relevant ministries) will hold a meeting.
we can think in this direction if petroleum ministry and automobile associations are ready for it.
he, however, said that so far the government remains committed to introduce the new norms from april 2020.
the minister also said that the government is committed to supplying euro vi compliant fuel which will be at par with international standards.
the government had earlier estimated that refineries in the country will need to invest about rs 30,000 crore to upgrade to euro vi fuel standards.
when the same car manufacturer can build cars following the same norms across the globe, then why cant they build it here?
at present, bs iv norms are followed in parts of india and by april 1, 2017, the whole country is scheduled to come under it.
the decision to adopt bs-vi was taken at an inter-ministerial meeting chaired by gadkari, which was attended by oil minister dharmendra pradhan, heavy industries minister anant geete and environment minister prakash javadekar.
under the gst rates announced last week, hybrid cars, which are considered eco-friendly, are slated to attract a 15  cess over and above peak rate of 28 , same as those of large luxury cars and suvs.
the automobile industry has expressed concern on the high rate on hybrids stating it would put a spanner in the wheels of government plans to promote green vehicles.
at present hybrid vehicles attracts excise duty of 12.
5  with an effective overall tax rate of 30.
3 .
i will be meeting arun jaitley soon to request that tax slabs for vehicles run on ethanol, bio diesel, bio cng should be reduced.
i will also request him to reduce tax rate on hybrid vehicles in order to tackle air pollution in the long run, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari told pti in an interaction.
the minister, who also holds shipping portfolio, said the governments policy is to promote electric mobility in the country.
gst rate on electric vehicles has been kept at 12 .
it is our policy to encourage electric cars and buses.
shortly, i will be coming out a policy regarding this.
hybrid cars should also be encouraged, it saves fuel, he said.
electric and hybrid vehicles along with alternate fuels like ethanol should be encouraged in order to reduce indias import of crude oil.
we import crude worth rs 7 lakh crore.
if such vehicles are encouraged on a large scale, the cost will also come down, he added.
auto industry is also planning to take up the matter of higher tax rate on hybrid vehicles with the finance ministry this week.
some of the popular hybrid vehicles sold in india are camry hybrid and prius from toyota and honda accord.
these cars are priced between rs 31.
98 lakh and rs 38.
96 lakh.
a host of other companies were also planning to foray into the segment.
as air india engineering services limited (aiesl) announced on sunday induction of first third-party aircraft for major maintenance work at its nagpur mro unit, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said profit-making subsidiaries of air india should be kept out of proposed privatisation.
the announcement of the induction of spicejets boeing737 for c checks at the maintenance, repair and overhaul (mro) facility was made in nagpur in the presence of civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju, gadkari and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
air india chairman and managing director, ashwani lohani and spicejet chairman, ajay singh were also present.
gadkari, the minister for road transport, highways and shipping, is part of the five-member ministerial panel, headed by finance minister arun jaitley, tasked with deciding on the process of privatising air india.
i would urge the aviation minister that the subsidiary running the mro is kept different from its parent, because if a decision on air india (stake sale) is taken, i hope this company also doesnt go to some other party.
on june 28, the cabinet committee on economic affairs gave in-principle approval for considering strategic disinvestment of air india and five of its subsidiaries.
gadkari also urged spicejet to launch services from nagpur to destinations such as bengaluru, chennai, hyderabad, kolkata and delhi, saying there is a huge untapped traffic potential from the city.
responding to gadkaris remarks, raju said that any suggestions on air india were welcome, and if they had come from a colleague (gadkari), they had to be taken seriously.
but we all need to work together, he added.
later, when asked about gadkaris views, raju said, the discussion on air indias divestment is an ongoing process and his comments are welcome.
this is the first major maintenance work to be carried out for any external party at the nagpur mro facility, which will be completed in six days.
once the capacity at the nagpur mro facility is fully utilised, it will create thousands of jobs, raju said, expressing hope that foreign airlines will also avail of the mro services here.
spicejet chairman ajay singh said the airline is planning to make nagpur one of its hubs for operations, and launch air services from the city.
built over 50 acres of land in mihan special economic zone, the mro unit was set up as a joint initiative between the air india and the us aircraft maker, the boeing company, in 2010.
besides maintaining air indias boeing aircraft fleet, it has the mandate to carry out third-party works too.
aiesl is working aggressively to expand its foot print in the high-growth potential mro segment as most of the private airlines carry out these works overseas.
so far, air india and boeing have invested around usd 116 million in the nagpur facility.
of this, about usd 107 million has been invested by boeing alone.
aiesl had signed an agreement with the spicejet for c1, c2 and higher checks to be carried out on latters boeing 737 -800/900 aircraft in september last year.
the contract is worth usd 6 lakh per year and is valid for three years with assured 100 days of work each year.
the maharashtra government has cleared the decks for indias first eco-friendly taxis, powered by batteries.
ht has learnt that a major app-based taxi aggregator plans to launch a fleet of battery-operated taxis in nagpur, the hometown of union transport minister nitingadkari gadakari, on may 26, the third anniversary of the narendra modi government.
sources in other taxi aggregator firms, however, claimed that electric taxis were not yet financially viable, considering their high price and long charging hours.
the state transport authority (sta) this week cleared the introduction of zero-emission, battery-operated vehicles that will be used as eco-friendly taxis.
the authority, which is chaired by states transport secretary, asked the government-appointed khatua panel, which is formulating a fare structure for conventional and app-based taxis, to also decide the fare structure for e-taxis.
a proposal to allow electric taxis in the state has been under consideration for the past three years.
it first came up for discussion before the sta on january 18, 2014.
but ahead of the launch in nagpur, the sta cleared the proposal without holding a meeting, for which it is required to give at least seven days prior notice to all members.
according to the stas resolution, only hard-top, battery-operated vehicles can be registered as e-taxis.
they must have a seating capacity of five to six and enough space for luggage.
an rto source said only two battery-operated cars  mahindra e-verito and mahindra e2o plus  are currently on the market.
also, under the maharashtra city taxi rules 2017, they must have power equivalent to  at minimum  that of a 980cc petrol or diesel engine.
a senior official in the transport department said that battery-operated vehicles could also be registered as black-and-yellow cabs.
under section 74 of the motor vehicles act, 1988, taxis in maharashtra must have a minimum engine capacity of 980cc and run on cng.
this rule was a major hurdle in the launch of e-taxis.
to fix the minimum power of the battery-operated vehicles, the sta had approached the automatic research association of india (arai) in pune.
with its feedback, the sta clarified on may 9, 2015, that e-taxis should have power equivalent to 980cc.
under the sta resolution, manufactures will now have to produce certificates from type-approval agencies such as arai and cirt that show their vehicles have power equivalent to 980cc or 1400cc, said a senior official in the transport department.
under the maharashtra city taxi rules 2017, 70  of every taxi operators fleet must comprise vehicles with an engine capacity of less than 1,400cc, and only 30  can exceed this limit.
in its resolution, sta also said that battery-operated vehicles with power equivalent to a 1400cc engine or more would be included in the 30 .
facing a formidable challenge from the sp-bsp-rld alliance, the bjp ran an extensive campaign, did considerable groundwork, armed itself with feedback from party and professional sources in an effort to give a good account of itself in uttar pradesh, said party leaders inside the bjps war room at the state unit office here.
the party also made it a point to highlight the modi governments welfare schemes and reach out to the beneficiaries.
the partys electioneering blitz in the state included over 700 rallies.
twenty-nine election meetings, three more than planned, by prime minister narendra modi were part of this blitz.
party chief amit shah addressed 28 election rallies.
he also held two road shows in gorakhpur and amethi.
chief minister yogi adityanath held 163 rallies (37 of which were outside up), followed by deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya with 110 and deputy chief minister dinesh sharma with 84.
rallies by union home minister rajnath singh and union minister nitingadkari gadkari were also part of the campaign.
while its top leaders were targeting the opposition, the bjp think-tank was busy plotting against the alliance due to which the party held at least one meeting in each of the 403 assembly segments.
to ensure the impact of the modi governments schemes was not lost on the voters, up bjp general secretary (organization) sunil bansal visited deoria a little before the elections were declared.
there, he surprised local leaders by telling them that he wanted to play a game.
tell me how many of you can recall all the initiatives and schemes of the modi government, he asked after handing each of them pen and paper.
the leader who could recall the most was invited by bansal to help others remember the schemes, a party leader privy to the meeting said.
the party established 33 call centres to collect feedback.
the partys cyber cell also pitched in by countering propaganda.
a party leader said 80 professionals, all pass-outs from iits and iims, were sent to each constituency and they kept updating bjps top leadership about caste chemistry, placating rebels, candidate selection among other things.
their assessment was supported by parallel feedback from the rss vichar manch, the bjp locals leadership and the feedback mechanism put in place by shah, a close aide of bansal said.
from august 2018 to march 2019, the bjp think-tank had, under bansals guidance, verified 30 lakh foot soldiers, calling each of them personally and tasked them with connecting to nearly 13 crore voters.
nearly 146 different programmes were chalked out to connect with the cadre, explained bjp leader chandramohan.
placating rebels was part of the bjp plan as congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra was busy fielding bjp rebels on the congress ticket.
for instance in barabanki, sitting mp priyanka rawat was seen sharing the stage at pm narendra modis rally days after her emotional outburst at having been denied a party ticket.
in various seats, a damage control exercise was initiated.
as the polls entered the final phase when party ally sbsp rebelled, the bjp quickly decided to test its homegrown rajbhar leadership, a senior leader said.
the meticulousness of its campaign gave the bjp the confidence that it would be able to keep its losses in up to a minimum.
little wonder, 20 of the states 80 lok sabha seats were circled red in the constituency chart hung on bansals office wall in a first floor room of the partys state headquarters in lucknow.
the bjp strategists, busy tuning into exit polls once the voting ended, claimed that their up loss, despite the samajwadi party- bahujan samaj party-rashtriya lok dal (sp-bsprld) alliance, would be limited to about 20 ls seats.
however, experts with whom ht shared the bjps internal assessment interpreted it differently.
athar siddiqui of the centre for objective research and development said, the assessment simply means that the party is surely losing a minimum of 20 lok sabha seats from its 2014 tally of 71 seats in up.
but, its loss could be much more because the caste advantage is with the alliance though to bjps credit modis rallies seemed to have helped the party immensely.
without him, they would have really struggled.
but if the alliance does well, the akhilesh yadav-mayawati understanding could last a lot longer.
bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah filed his nomination as the partys lok sabha candidate from gandhinagar on saturday.
mr shahs nomination is from a seat laced with political symbolism; party elder lk advani represented the constituency for decades.
the bjp president is already a member of the rajya sabha, but his decision to throw his hat into electoral politics directly is filled with meaning about his future ambitions.
the fact that he did so accompanied by both top bjp leaders, as well as a range of national democratic alliance partners, is also a signal of a new political avatar he is seeking to embrace.
mr shah came into national prominence because he shepherded the bjp campaign in uttar pradesh 2014, helping the party sweep the polls.
the success, and his proximity to prime minister narendra modi, catapulted him to the top of the party.
since then, notwithstanding setbacks such as losses in bihar, delhi and more recently the three assembly elections at the end of 2018, mr shah has emerged as the key organisational strategist of the party, and the second most powerful politician in india.
but it is clear that mr shahs ambitions do not end here.
by directly entering the lok sabha fray, mr shah wants to establish himself independently as a mass leader and not just a behind-the-scenes player.
while this election is crucial for mr modi, it is perhaps just as crucial for mr shah.
a defeat, although one is unlikely, will probably cause a major setback to his political career; a win will open up doors, including for senior cabinet responsibilities and future leadership.
but what was as striking was that mr shah choose to portray an inclusive image in gandhinagar on saturday.
this is the bjps citadel; it needs no allies here.
yet, uddhav thackeray, who has had a rather acrimonious relationship with mr shah in the past; ram vilas paswan; and parkash singh badal were there to show support.
so were the bjps top ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley and nitingadkari gadkari.
mr shah has a reputation for being arrogant.
but here he was clearly projecting himself as an accommodative leader with friends.
this is in tune with the bjps own approach to allies in the past few months.
based on the recognition that it may need partners post polls, the party has stitched up multiple deals on generous terms to smaller players.
amit shah 2.
0 will be a key figure to watch out for in this election.
this election, the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) says it is banking on its development agenda.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari recently declared he took up development projects worth 70,000 crore in nagpur, from where he is seeking a second term.
but in amravati, 150km away from nagpur, the situation is quite different.
in the absence of major industries, amravati is lagging behind in development.
there are no jobs, no airport and weak rail connectivity, compared to nagpur.
the region has become infamous for other reasons such as farmer suicides and malnutrition deaths among tribals in melghat.
for the second time, the region is seeing a fight between sena heavyweight and two-time mp anandrao adsul and navneet kaur rana, a former telugu film actor and yuva swabhimani paksha (ysp) candidate, who has support from the congress, ncp and republican party of india (rpi) led by rajendra gavai.
adsul, the sitting mp of amravati, is also a three-term mp from buldhana.
kaur is the wife of ravi rana, an mla from badnera, which is a part of the amravati lok sabha constituency.
last time, adsul won more than 1.
37 lakh votes.
political pundits believe the tide will turn if dalit and muslim votes get consolidated, as the combination forms one-third of the population of the constituency.
amravati was traditionally a congress bastion, which it lost to cpi for the first time in 1989.
in 1991, former president pratibha patil snatched the seat back .
but after the 1996 elections, the congress has not fielded any candidate from here.
the constituency is dominated by kunbis (marathas in western maharashtra), who comprise over 30  of the total population.
they are followed by dalits (schedule caste) (20 ), muslims (18 ) and other backward classes (obc) such as mali (10 ).
both muslims and dalit are not happy with the current regime.
if their votes are consolidated in kaurs favour, adsul will be in trouble, but it is not as easy as it seems, said pradeep deshpande, senior journalist from amravati, hinting at other two candidates in the fray  gunwant deopare from vanchit bahujan aghadi led by prakash ambedkar and arun wankhede of bahujan samaj party (bsp), who can play spoilers, giving an advantage to adsul.
vba has all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) in its fold to attract muslims.
deopare is a local developer and had contested the last general polls as a bsp candidate.
he had secured 98,200 votes, which comes to 9.
78  of the total votes polled in the constituency in 2014.
the bsp has also been a factor in amravati, as it has dedicated voters in the constituency.
in 2009, its candidate, gangadhar gade, got 41,775 votes, which were 5.
70  of the total votes polled in the constituency.
the congress-ncp is claiming that kunbi, dalit and muslim are in their favour, but in amravati, the situation is different.
they have no candidate.
kaur would have been at an advantage if she was contesting the polls on the congress or ncps symbol.
adsul is also facing anti-incumbency, said subhash gavai, principal at shakuntalabai dhabekar college, karanja (washim) and a member of board of study for political science at sant gadge baba amravati university.
another advantage for adsul is dedicated sena voters, but the partys organisational structure in amravati is very weak.
he [adsul] didnt allow the local leadership to grow.
so he is not getting full-fledged support from local sena leaders.
he is also not on good terms with state transport minister diwakar raote, sampark pramukh (communication chief, an important position in the party).
ideally, raote should be in amravati, but he is not.
the bjps local unit is also not happy with adsul, said a sena leader.
both the bjp and sena have already forged a pre-poll alliance.
the bjps strong presence in the constituency may help adsul sail through, but it is a hitch too.
the local bjp unit was not in favour of adsul, as they wanted the seat from the sena.
in the bjps inner circle, theres a phrase  modi zaroori hai aur adsul majboori hai (modi is necessary, but adsul is an obligation), said a senior bjp leader.
the amravati lok sabha constituency is divided into six assembly constituencies.
of them, three constituencies  amravati, daryapur, melghat  are with the bjp, one is with the congress (teosa) and the rest  achalpur and badnera have independent mlas bachchu kadu and ravi rana, respectively.
the bjp is ruling six panchayat samitis in amravati district.
of total 10 nagar parishads, six are with the bjp.
we also have 45 of the 87 members in the city municipal corporation, said dinesh suryawanshi, district bjp president.
in 2014, rana got ncps ticket for his wife (kaur) to contest the general polls, but after the state elections, he extended support to devendra fadnavis-led bjp government and fielded candidates against the congress and ncp in the local bodies.
now, when the sena got amravati, he has again joined the congress-ncp front.
this is the reason senior leaders and cadres from both parties are not willing to support kaur, said a senior congress leader.
to pacify the congress-ncp leaders, rana organised a luncheon with office-bearers a few days ago, where the issue was raised by many, including congress mla from teosa yashomati thakur and bablu deshmukh, district congress president.
he also tried to join hands with his old rival and senior ncp leader sanjay khodke, but the latter said no, said an ncp leader.
the ncp is being led by khodke in amravati.
he was sidelined by the party and kaur was chosen as the ncp candidate, despite khodkes opposition in 2014.
khodke left the ncp in protest to join the congress.
he came back to the party a few months ago.
kaur is a popular face in amravati city, melghat and badnera.
he (ravi rana) is accessible, but adsul is not, said rupesh borkar, resident of vilas nagar, amravati and an autorickshaw driver.
the constituency has no modi wave compared to 2014, but the contest is now between modi and others.
wherever the bjp is in strong position like amravati, the candidates of its allies will be benefitted and adsul will be one of them, pradeep deshpande said.
prime minister narendra modi inaugurated the first phase of the delhi-meerut expressway before holding a roadshow in an open jeep in the capital on sunday.
modi travelled 6km in an open jeep on the delhi-meerut expressway, built at a cost of rs 841 crore.
after the roadshow, the prime minister held a rally at baghpat during the inauguration of the 135-km-long eastern peripheral expressway, built at a cost of rs 11,000 crore.
here are the highlights:2pm: former up chief minister akhilesh yadav reacts to pm modis rally:baghpat, meerut shamli, muzaffarnagar, bijnor ke log jaante hain ki kitna kisanon ka bakaya hai ganne ka.
road show se ganne ka jo bakaya paisa hai woh toh milna nahi hai.
sc ne order diya tab sadak(eastern peripheral expressway) ka inauguration hua: former up cm akhilesh yadav pic.
twitter.com/i0fsqhyqam  ani up (@aninewsup) may 27, 20181:48pm: my country is my family, the prime minister says, thanking a cheering crowd for attending the rally in this summer heat.
1:47pm: we all know the their predicament.
to go against modi, they (congress) will even go against the country: modi1:45pm: they dont have faith in democracy or the constitutional institutions.
.
.
they have raised issues about the reserve bank of india, evms, the supreme court, election commission etc, says pm modi referring to the family that ruled for 70 years.
those who worship one family cant respect a democracy.
1:40pm:i want to assure all the sugarcane farmers here that the government is sensitive towards their issues & is working to resolve all the problems: pm narendra modi at the inauguration of #easternperipheralexpressway in baghpat.
pic.
twitter.com/tvsux36eom  ani (@ani) may 27, 20181:35pm: the truth is, congress and its allies mock everything that is being done for all the backward classes, tribals.
they always act as obstacles in the path of development: modi says attacking the opposition during the inauguration ceremony.
1:30pm: this government has undertaken many measures for dalits, obcs and sc/sts.
we have made special courts to tackle cases of atrocities against the dalits, says pm modi citing br ambedkar.
1:25pm: congress mocks the governments efforts to make the lives of dalits, obcs better: pm narendra modi1:22pm: we are working for womens empowerment.
we provided 4 crore gas connections under the ujjwala scheme to make womens lives easier: modi1:20pm: on the issue of crime in up, modi praises yogi adityanath for encounters in the state.
he says under the yogi adityanath government, the criminals are surrendering themselves to authorities.
1:17pm: in the congress era, only 2 factories manufactured mobile phones.
now, there are more than 120 in india: pm on his make in india initiative.
1:15pm: in its four years, the upa government could only get optical fibre connectivity in 59 panchayats.
on the other hand, we have provided optical fibre connectivity in more than 1 lakh panchayats, says modi targeting the opposition congress.
1:10pm: the modern infrastructure of the country has a very important role in raising the standard of life of crores of people.
infrastructure does not differentiate on the basis caste, creed, religion and economic status: pm modi1:07pm: our government took the problem of pollution seriously and pioneered the expressway around delhi.
these are being built in two phases, the prime minister says.
1:05pm: prime minister lists the ways in which the expressway will benefit commuters, hailing it as the countrys first green highway.
27 km highways being built everyday as compared to 12 km previously, says pm modi after dedicating to the nation eastern peripheral expressway.
.
1:01pm: this is a huge day for people of up, haryana and delhi-ncr.
two new expressways have been inaugurated: modithe 9km stretch has been completed in 18 months only, using the best technology, modi on delhi-meerut expressway.
1pm: prime minister addresses a rally in bhagpat.
your presence in this summer heat is proof that our government has been successful in 4 years, modi tells a cheering crowd.
12:55pm: pm modi inaugurates the eastern peripheral expressway in bhagpat.
delhi- saharanpur expressway will be now national highway and it will be extended to dehradun.
12:30pm: yogi adityanath addresses the rally in baghpat as the crowd cheers.
the uttar pradesh chief minister hails the governments role in developing the road and transport infrastructure in the state.
on the occasion of the inauguration of eastern peripheral expressway, i thank prime minister narendra modi on behalf of the people of uttar pradesh.
12:20pm: pm modi will shortly address a rally in uttar pradeshs bhagpat.
up governor ram naik, union minister nitingadkari gadkari, up chief minister yogi adityanath and haryana chief minister ml khattar are also present.
11:45am: prime minister narendra modi visits digital gallery and 3d model exhibition on making of eastern peripheral expressway, in haryanas kundli.
the state-of-the-art expressway will have automated challans for over-speeding, as cameras will capture speed of vehicles.
besides, it will have provisions of tolling only for the distance travelled.
10:50am: heres a video of pm modis roadshow on the delhi-meerut expressway, which was constructed in 17 months:10:25am: pm modis roadshow begins as crowds gather to see him.
pm narendra modi waves to supporters during the roadshow in delhi.
(picture courtesy: bjp live/twitter)10:20am: prime minister narendra modi inaugurates the first phase of delhi-meerut expressway.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari is also present at the ceremony, reports ani.
9:50am: pm modis will inaugurate the delhi-meerut expressway shortly.
eastern peripheral expresswayepa will connect sonipat to palwal through baghpat, ghaziabad, gautam budh nagar and faridabad while serving as a bypass for vehicles entering delhi.
it was built at a cost of rs 11,000 crore and is indias first highway to be lit by solar power besides provisions of rain water harvesting.
the highway will also showcase 36 national monuments and 40 fountains, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said, adding the construction was completed in a record 500 days.
the project had earlier faced resistance from farmers over land and other issues.
delhi-meerut expresswaythe delhi-meerut expressway will also allow commuters to travel from the national capital to meerut in 45 minutes.
the first phase of the six-lane expressway starts from the nizamuddin bridge in delhi till the uttar pradesh border.
built at a cost of rs 841 crore, the expressway also has vertical gardens with solar system on the yamuna bridge.
the yamuna bridge on the expressway will be the first in the world that have host vertical gardens with solar power system and drip irrigation.
it also has a cycle track and a 1.
5-metre footpaths for pedestrians on both sides.
union home minister rajnath singh saturday asked if former prime minister indira gandhi can be credited for liberating bangladesh from pakistan, why should not prime minister narendra modi be credited for the balakot air strike.
singh was addressing a rally in ahmedabad in support of bjp president amit shah, who filed his nomination from gandhinagar lok sabha constituency later in the day.
it was the bravery of our forces that they divided pakistan into two parts.
one remained pakistan, while bangladesh was formed (out of the other), he said.
after the war, our leader a b vajpayee praised indira gandhi in parliament.
she was also praised all over the country, singh added.
referring to the pulwama attack, the home minister said, when our 40-42 crpf soldiers lost their lives in a fidayeen attack, modiji gave a free hand to our forces.
if indira gandhi can get the credit of dividing pakistan in 1971, why shouldnt modiji get the credit for what he has done in balakot, rajnath asked.
if our prime minister has shown such strong willpower to avenge the terror attack on our crpf jawans, then i would like to ask you why our prime minister should not be praised?
he questioned.
singh hit out at the congress for not carrying out similar retaliatory action after the 26/11 mumbai terror attack in 2008.
the congress was in power when 26/11 attack took place in mumbai.
and they (congress-led upa) could do nothing against pakistan.
when political power and military might go hand in hand, then i can assure you that no power in the world can challenge the might of our military, he said.
he asked the people to punish congress president rahul gandhi for making allegations of corruption against the prime minister.
who will deny the fact that indias respectability in international fraternity has grown.
we all accept the truth that indias leadership is in strong hands.
but the irony is that the leader of our opposition party and congress national president abuses our prime minister.
i appeal to the people through this event to punish that political party which abuses our pm, he said.
you have seen earlier governments.
in the past five years, no one can dare say there is a blemish of corruption on pm modi or any of his ministers, the home minister claimed.
taking on the congress chowkidar chor hai jibe, singh said, congress national president rahul gandhi says chowkidar chor hai.
the chowkidar is not a chor, he is pure, his re-election as pm is sure, and for all the countrys problems, he is the cure.
he said under modi, the country was now the sixth largest economy in the world and would occupy fifth place in the fiscal beginning april 1.
who will deny the fact that indias respectability in the international fraternity has grown.
we all accept the truth that indias leadership is in strong hands, he said.
amitbhai gets the credit of making the bjp the worlds largest party.
people understand that our government has not discriminated against anyone on the basis of caste, religion, creed or language, he said.
shiromani akali dal patriarch and former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal showered praise on shah, saying he is the countrys biggest organiser, campaigner.
amit shah ji was the chief campaigner and organiser in the 2014 election when modi was elected.
if there is anybody other than modiji who gets credit for the government getting formed, then it is amit shah, badal said.
modi ji made the country proud by taking the decision to conduct (aerial, surgical) strikes to crush militancy.
this happened without any jawan getting harmed.
this decisive nature belongs to modi sahebs, badal claimed.
we pray to god that modi saheb becomes the countrys prime minister again by a huge majority, and amit shahji also contributes to it, he said.
union minister and lok jantantrik party head ram vilas paswan said he will be happy if shah breaks all the past records by winning with the highest vote margin.
i became mla in 1979, mp in 1977, winning from hajipur (in bihar) with the largest margin.
i will be happy if you break all past records, he said.
paswan said modis claims of a congress-mukt country was coming true as the opposition party was nowhere to be seen.
gathbandhan has become lathbandhan as its constituents are fighting against each other.
i can say with confidence that the nda and the bjp will get more seats in 2019 than what they got in 2014, he said.
when the press asked me three years ago, i had said there is no vacancy for the prime ministers post in 2019.
they should prepare for 2024, and we will see them then, paswan stressed.
he claimed that the nda government was with the poor, and cited the memorials it had built for dalit icon b r ambedkar.
a dahanu sessions court on tuesday sentenced a 46-year-old man from kurje village in talasari, palghar to life imprisonment for killing his 19-year-old son with an axe, during an argument on april 23, 2015.
the judge rajendra majgaonkar also ordered the accused, suresh dhodi, to pay a fine of 2,500 to the court.
public prosecutor deepak tare told the court that dhodi killed his son, nitingadkari , as he always supported his mother, urmila, then 42, during the couples arguments.
tare submitted that dhodi suspected urmila of having affairs and there were frequent fights between the couple.
tare said that on april 23, 2015, when dhodi came home from a function, he asked his wife to cook dinner.
however, urmila asked dhodi why he had not eaten at the function and the couple started fighting.
dhodi accused his wife of having affairs and their argument turned violent, tare told the court.
when nitingadkari tried to intervene and support his mother, dhodi picked up an axe and hit him in a fit of rage, killing him on the spot.
he also assaulted his daughter anjali, then 22; her fiance hasmukh; and urmila, said tare.
dhodi was arrested by the talasari police on the next day under sections 302 (murder) and 307 (attempt to murder) of the ipc.
he has been lodged in the thane central jail since april 2015, said tare.
the court relied on the statements made by 10 witnesses, including urmila, anjali and hasmukh.
the indications of a thaw in relations between the friends-turned-foe came a day after the bjp ended the senas years of control over the bmc though no party was able to cross the halfway mark of 114 in the 227-member civic body.
the bjp improved its 2012 bmc poll performance by winning 82 seats, just two less than sena.
differences cropped up between the bjp and the sena over saamanas vitriolic writings against senior party leaders, particularly pm modi despite an ideological bond between the two parties, the senior bj leader said.
otherwise, continuing with objectionable writing in saamana and wanting bjps friendship isnt acceptable to the party.
the writings in the saamana are generally seen as the partys viewpoint.
gadkari flew to nagpur on thursday night after the party won eight out of ten municipal corporations that went to polls in the state.
nagpur is also the home town of gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis, who also arrived in nagpur.
fadnavis met gadkari at the union ministers residence at mahal, apparently to chalk out the future strategy, particularly what role the party would play for controlling the mumbai civic body.
earlier, senior cabinet minister chandrakant patil also said that the bjp and sena should join hands to run the bmc.
patil is a close confident of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) leadership in nagpur and was deputed to negotiate with the sena for joining the government, immediately after 2014 state elections.
according to rss insiders, the hindutva fountainhead also wants a post-poll alliance with the sena to control the bmc.
a sizeable section of rss activists feel that the sena should not take any help from the congress or ncp as the peoples mandate was against the two parties.
in a fresh twist to the alleged nh-74 land scam, the national highway authority of india (nhai) has asked the uttarakhand government to withdraw a case filed against its local officials.
the case was filed by the previous congress government.
the current dispensation led by chief minister trivendra singh rawat has recommended a cbi probe into the 300-crore scam.
in a recent letter, nhai chairman yudhvir singh malik reportedly asked the state government to remove the names of nhais regional officials from the fir.
cabinet minister madan kaushik confirmed that nhai authorities have asked the cm to withdraw the fir against their regional officials.
the request by top nhai authorities was made during his (rawat) recent meeting with nitingadkari gadkariji in delhi, where i was also present, kaushik, who is also the state governments spokesperson, told hindustan times.
rawat met gadkari days after the union road surface minister sent a letter to the uttarakhand government stating that a cbi probe into the nh-74 land scam would demoralise the nhai officials.
rawat had confirmed as much.
he (gadkari) wrote to us that nhai being a funding agency, the role of its officials was limited to releasing the monetary compensation that was to be disbursed among farmers whose land was acquired for the nh-74 coming up in the udham singh nagar district, rawat had said.
in his letter, gadkari had clarified that the nhai had released the monetary compensation as per the suggestion of the state government officials.
the nhai made the request on the same plea that its regional officials released the monetary compensation as per the suggestions of the local officials as they did not want the work on nh-74 to be delayed, kaushik said.
it (nhai) also clarified that as per its mandate, its officials had no role in disbursing monetary compensation to farmers or acquiring land from them, which is the jurisdiction of state government, he clarified.
kaushik further said that the state governments stand was that the case against the nhais regional officials stands as they failed to raise objections when the state officials paid monetary compensation to farmers beyond the legally prescribed limit.
also, our plea is that its (nhai) regional officials disbursed monetary compensation among farmers at will or on the basis of pick and choose, he told ht.
the names of nhai officials figure along with those of the state government against whom the previous congress regime lodged a case in rudrapur.
a week after the bjp formed its government in the state in march this year, six sub-divisional magistrate (sdm) rank officials were suspended and a case registered against a seventh official, who had retired.
rawat had then said that he has recommended for a cbi probe into the scam.
exit polls have predicted a larger share of lok sabha seats for the congress in punjab which voted in the last phase of the elections on sunday.
according to the india today-axis my india exit poll, congress is tipped to get 8-9 seats, the bjp-sad alliance 3-5 seats and the aam aadmi party (aap) 0-1 seats out of the 13 seats in the state.
the india tv exit poll gave the congress 8 seats in punjab, four to the sad and one to the bjp.
the aap gets none.
in 2014, the congress, sad and the aam aadmi party (aap) won four seats each while the bjp won one.
punjab voted after a month-long campaign that had turned aggressive and shriller.
candidates preferred intensive method of door to door reach out to the voters and also depended on the social media.
the campaign saw high profile leaders addressing rallies and hitting the dusty lanes for road shows in the scorching heat.
prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah, congress president rahul gandhi, cingress general secretary prinyanka gandhi vadra and union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari were among those who campaigned in the state.
actor turned politician hema malini also came for campaigning in support of union minister and shiromani akali dal candidate harsimrat kaur badal contesting for third time in bathinda.
her husband shiromani akali dal president sukhbir singh badal contested from ferozpur as sad-bjp coalition candidate.
a total of 278 candidates including 22 women are in the in fray in punjab.
bollywood actor sunny deol is the bjp candidate from gurdaspur.
former union minister preneet kaur wife for punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh is contesting from her home turf of patiala for the fifth consecutive time.
also read: exit polls 2019 live updates: bjp will win all 7 seats in delhi, claims exit pollaam aadmi party (aap) which won four seats in 2014 general elections, lacked steam this time.
the party has contested all 13 seats this time.
two of the partys sitting mps were re-nominated from sangrur and faridkot which they had won in 2014.
standup comedian and mp bhagwant mann who is aap president in the state is contesting from sangrur.
he managed to hook huge crowds to his sarcasm and wit laced campaign.
the poll campaign of congress candidates revolved around the issue of desecration of religious scriptures particularly guru granth sahib that began in 2015 during akali-bjp government led by the badals.
the akali-bjp candidates countered the congress campaign by citing the anti-sikh riots of 1984.
the akali-bjp alliance tried to highlight that justice was done to the riot survivors during narendra modi government.
the congress which is facing some anti-incumbency after two years in the government in the state, highlighted its debt waiver program for farmers and development but opponents pointed out that those were not what were promised in the manifesto.
india is aiming to cut its oil products imports to zero as it turns to alternative fuels such as methanol in its transport sector, a government official said at an investor briefing on monday.
we are trying our level best that the day will come when we dont need to import any fuel from any country and that we will be self-sufficient, said transport minister nitingadkari gadkari at a conference organised by nomura in singapore.
but he could not provide a specific timeline for the target due to challenges with the distribution and availability of alternative fuels such as liquefied natural gas (lng) in india, he said.
auto-rickshaws are using lpg (liquefied petroleum gas) now.
.
.
lng is important but the availability of lng and distribution is a big challenge.
.
.
we have to develop that, he said.
india is also planning to start 15 factories to produce second generation ethanol from biomass, bamboo and cotton straw as it aims to develop its mandate to blend ethanol into 5  of its gasoline, he added.
bamboo is available from tribal areas.
.
.
our vision is to be cost effective, import substitute and pollution free, he said.
india imported about 33 million tonnes of oil products over april 2016 to february 2017, up nearly 24  from the same period a year ago, government data showed.
the majority of the imports comprise petroleum coke and lpg.
energy consumption in india, the worlds third-biggest oil consumer, is expected to grow as it targets between 8 to 9  economic growth this fiscal year from around 7  in 2016/17.
to cut the countrys carbon footprint, new delhi wants to raise the use of natural gas in its energy mix to 15  in three to four years from 6.
5  now.
fighting for his second term from the mumbai south central constituency, shiv sena mp rahul shewale, in ht office, said he has been aggressively pushing issues concerning mumbai before the central government.
he said they have formed a group of 56 mps, who are either elected from mumbai or stay in mumbai, to raise issues concerning the city.
the leader feels convincing voters to vote for the saffron combine, despite their bickering, will not be a problem as voters themselves wanted the two parties to join hands.
excerpts:how will you present mumbais important issues before the centre?
what is your agenda and how will you implement it?
my agenda is to implement the development plan (dp) 2034 which has almost been finalised.
just seven per cent of the last dp was implemented.
mumbais whole infrastructure is dependent on this dp.
we need the centres help to implement it.
i am pushing for a special package for the dp and have been raising this issue in parliament for the past two years.
mumbai has six mps.
they have not been seen raising their voice for the city collectively in parliamentnot six, we have a group of 56 mps from mumbai.
i have been instrumental in setting it up.
these mps have their official residence in mumbai, although they have been elected from across the country, including places such as andhra pradesh and assam.
we tell them this is your karmabhoomi and you need to raise your voice for it.
all six mps have taken the initiative.
we got mutp-3a project for the city and also got 33,000 crore for railways, which has been approved by the union cabinet.
we also eased crz rules, solving the problem of redevelopment along the coastline.
there is a system in place and it is a collective voice.
the dharavi redevelopment project is pending, despite a promise in 2014 that it will be completed soon in 2014.
dharavi work has been pending for the past 15 years, as there were various problems.
i requested chief minister devendra fadnavis that we need to have a special project vehicle (spv), so it can be done fast.
as i am in the railway committee, i ensured land for the project.
later, two companies seclink and adani group  came in.
this project will start within a month and will be completed in the next five years.
in the last five years, your party, the shiv sena, has been constantly attacking the bjp-led government.
how difficult was it to work in such a hostile environment?
the clashes were in the state government and not at the central level.
in case of the state government, the problem was frequent elections and they (the bjp) tried to ensure the shiv sena does not get credit.
however, we had no issues with union ministers from maharashtra such as nitingadkari gadkari, suresh prabhu or piyush goyal.
how did you enter into an alliance in such circumstances?
we both have common voters and they wanted an alliance.
after the pulwama attack, the situation was very different.
we were under pressure from voters.
they said dont come to us if you dont have an alliance.
it is seen that dalits are angry with the sena-bjp over the failure of the government to arrest the culprits of the bhima-koregaon violence?
there is no such thing in my constituency.
i dont go on the basis of caste and i will be judged on my performance.
you had given a 450-crore proposal to redevelop dadar station, but the railway ministry stalled itthere were two issues  they give land on a maximum 30-year lease and dont sub-lease it.
as a railway board committee member, i had proposed 90 years lease, with the option of sub-leasing.
they have agreed to that.
i proposed that the railways should be the planning authority and even this has been accepted.
now, all railway station redevelopment works will get an fsi of 5.
the mns has been campaigning for the congress-ncp.
will you feel the heat?
the mns cadre was in the sena with me before they joined the mns.
hence, even if their chief (raj thackeray) says anything, it will not impact them.
mns workers are marathis and they will never vote for the congress.
unlike other mumbai constituencies, here, all candidates are maharashtrians.
such appeal may work in other constituencies, but not here.
you have pushed for large-scale infrastructure projects, but best continues to bleed and there is no respite given to it.
best should get aid and i am trying to get it from the centre.
as the central government gives 3,000 crore to the delhi electricity board, the same should be given to best.
mumbai still does not have a world-class international finance centre.
the current plans are piecemeal.
there is a reserved plot in bandra-kurla complex for the international finance centre.
the mmrda is working out a plan to create another bkc.
even the mbpt, which will free up its land, will offer good scope.
for an international city, we need to implement the dp.
