amit shah re-elected bjp chiefnew delhi, jan 24, 2016, dhns: 1:28 istprime minister narendra modis confidante amit shah was on sunday unanimously elected as bjp president, giving him second term in office.
though 17 nominations from 20 states and the parliamentary board proposing shahs name for the presidents post, veteran leaders l k advani, m m joshi, shanta kumar and yashwant sinha skipped the ceremony at the ashok road headquarters.
on sunday afternoon, partys election officer avinash rai khanna announced that shah has been unanimously elected president.
the crowd broke into celebrations, bursting crackers, beating drums and blowing conch shells.
there was a thunderous applause from senior union ministers, eight bjp-ruled state chief ministers and other leaders present.
with prime minister narenda modi busy in french presidents visit to chandigarh, rajnath singh was the first to garland shah followed by other senior leaders nitingadkari gadkari and m venkaiah naidu.
two senior ministers arun jaitley and sushma swaraj could not make it due to their prior engagements.
modi took to twitter to congratulate shah.
i'm confident party will scale newer heights under his leadership, he posted on the social media.
expressing confidence that the party will perform tremendously under his leadership, rajnath singh said, only one nomination and that was of amit shah.
i believe the reason behind it was the unanimous decision of the party members.
i congratulate him and i have full faith that the party will perform tremendously under his leadership.
shah is expected to have his own new team by next month, dropping some of the outgoing party office bearers while including new faces from state units and among union ministers.
a reshuffle in the government is also expected and the prime minister too is likely to drop some ministers who are non-performing and are from states disproportionately represented.
he is also expected to induct new talent from the party which would to appreciate their commitment and performance.
shah was appointed chief for the first time in august 2014 to complete rajnath singhs remaining term after the latter had joined the modi government as union minister.
the much awaited and prolonged development of indias electric vehicle (ev) policy has seen a whirlwind of promises, ambitious targets and some progress.
disappointingly, however, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, in february had remarked that india does not need a national policy on evs, and consequently, the policy narrative quickly assumed a back-flip.
though, a few days later, power minister rk singh constituted a committee with the central electricity authority to formulate an ev policy.
as we now eagerly wait for the committees recommendations to be rolled out, here are some take-aways from californias robust ev policy.
californias clean energy and pollution reduction act mandated that its large investor-owned utility companies - pacific gas and electric, san diego gas and electric and southern california edison filed applications for transportation electrification projects by january 2017.
the proposed projects were to increase investments in ev charging infrastructure, with a focus on medium and heavy duty fleet vehicles, and expand education and market outreach in the automobile sector.
the california public utilities commission (cpuc) approved these projects with modifications in april 2018, some of which i contributed to as part of a non-profit organisation called the utility reform network, san francisco.
with the tragic environmental health of india attracting global concern, it is evident that our major cities have some of the worst levels of air quality, significantly because of tail-pipe emissions.
a policy on evs must centrally focus on the goal of widespread acceleration of ev adoption that would rapidly reduce toxic emissions and ensure the displacement of our extensive dependence on fossil fuels.
however, this would not in itself guarantee a successful indian ev revolution if we continue to be heavily reliant on dirty and inefficient fossil fuel to power the electric grid.
indias current climate policies are set to meet the required non-fossil capacity target of 40  for 2030 under the paris agreement and an appropriate ev policy must only contribute to the ongoing progress, to holistically improve our air quality.
while the state governments and public and private industry stakeholders are proactively engaging in the procurement of evs and developing regional plans, it is equally important for environmental and consumer organisations to participate in policy formulation, if we wish to have a long-standing impact from a policy that is both progressive and cost-effective.
sustainable benefitsone of the key provisos of a strong ev policy is to observe how the policy directly translates into sustainable benefits for our people.
we cannot undermine the fact that evs may not be affordable for most to begin with, notwithstanding the additional investments required for recovering regulatory tariffs, installing expensive charging infrastructure and administering subsidies for ev owners.
the us has learnt it the hard way with the tesla episode, and is still experimenting with cost-effective evs.
it is important that india capitalises on this early, to prioritise medium and heavy-duty fleet vehicles for public transport that will have maximum utility for investments.
there is also a parallel risk of ending up with stranded assets in the future, because of the nature of technological advancements in charging infrastructure, and it is time to step up the game to avoid futile efforts in this regard.
the other is the caveat of costs of implementation after the policy is introduced.
it could well be that power distribution companies and ev service providers would implement ev programmes through licenses issued by the cea.
the legislative intent of the electricity act, 2003, is to ensure that rates charged from customers must be fair, reasonable and proportional to the use of any service.
it is important to review the policy in the context of the law and check the reasonableness of regulatory tariffs and incidental incentives for ev owners.
the caveat is instrumental for preventing the exploitation of people and resources by the industry and power sectors, and we surely do not want to add to the multitude of environmental laws and regulations that need to be rewritten for the benefit of the target audience  the environment and people.
india is gradually recognising niche energy and environmental issues, and it is upon all of us to be conscious and be involved in the change, because destruction of the environment is already underway.
the time to act is now.
cabinet expansion next month: cmlast updated: 11 april, 2011bangalore, apr 11, dhns: 23:00 istchief minister b s yeddyurappa said on monday that he would expand his ministry next month after the results of the by-elections to three assembly seats are declared.
the counting of votes of the april 9 bypolls to channapatna, jagalur and bangarpet constituencies will be held on may 13.
yeddyurappa told reporters that he would go in for a cabinet expansion after consulting bjp president nitingadkari gadkari.
the rebels in the state bjp, who have been seeking the ouster of yeddyurappa, feel that it is a tacit move by the latter to create confusion among them.
a few ministerial aspirants, including c t ravi, have identified themselves with the anti-yeddyurappa camp led by state president k s eshwarappa and national generalsecretary ananth kumar.
sisi to attend india-africa meetkalyan ray, new delhi:oct 26, 2015, dhns 1:52 istegyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi would visit india for the first time to attend the third india-africa forum summit, ending weeks of speculations about his absence in indias biggest diplomatic show since 1983.
sisi would also discuss ways to boost bilateral ties and increase investment, especially in the ambitious suez canal project, presidential spokesperson alaa youssef has confirmed in cairo.
in the last couple of months, indian diplomats were engaged in hectic parleys with their egyptian counterpart, after it was indicated that sisi might not be able to attend the summit because of other commitments.
the uncertainty about sisis participation was considered a dark cloud hanging over the four-day diplomatic extravaganza, as new delhi was keen to have him on the dais for the summit because egypt under gamal abdel nasser and india under jawaharlal nehru were the two key partners to form the non-aligned movement (nam) in the 1960s.
prime minister narendra modi personally invited sisi when they met on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly in new york in september.
the invite was again conveyed by three ministers  sushma swaraj, nitingadkari gadkari and mukhtar abbas naqvi  to sisi in july and august but each time the response was lukewarm.
twice in the last two years, the modi government did not respond to egypts invite to attend important engagements despite expressing initial interests.
india was represented only by an official at the cairo international conference on pledging financial support for the reconstruction of gaza in october 2014, though foreign minister sushma swaraj showed interest initially.
the modi ministers also missed the economic development conference in march 2015 in the red sea resort of sharm el-sheikh though heads of states or governments from 18 african, asian and european nations participated in the conference.
during his maiden visit to india, egypts former army chief field marshal sisi will meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi and a number of officials and businessmen.
he would also seek fresh investment in the new suez canal project that was inaugurated in august.
the 72-km proposed channel would run along the existing canal connecting the red sea to the mediterranean.
it is aimed at speeding up the traffic along the existing waterway by reducing the waiting period of vessels.
ls proceedings washed out on opening daynew delhi, jul 22, 2015, (pti) 18:13 istparliament today saw a washout as the opposition aggressively pressed for ouster of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
both houses saw strong demands for resignation of swaraj and raje for their dealings with lalit modi, former ipl chairman who is being investigated by ed in an alleged money laundering case.
there were also demands for chouhan's resignation in connection with the vyapam scam.
while rajya sabha failed to transact any business for the second straight day due to the uproar, lok sabha was paralysed on the first working day of the monsoon session.
both houses were adjourned for the day, minutes past 2 pm.
in the upper house, as soon as obituary references were made, several opposition parties, including the congress, bsp and the left, insisted that no debate was possible without the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan.
satish chandra misra (bsp), naresh agarwal (sp), tapan kumar sen (cpi-m) and d raja (cpi) said they had given notices under rule 267 to suspend business to take up discussion on lalit modi issue and vyapam scams.
defending swaraj, leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley asked the opposition to point out one provision of the law which she has violated in allegedly trying to help lalit modi.
jaitley, while insisting on a discussion, hit back at congress by referring to allegations of financial irregularties against its chief ministers in himachal chief minister, pudducherry and kerala.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad suggested that some members who had given adjournment notice should be allowed to speak, prompting jaitley to protest and ask whether such a practice could be allowed everyday.
jaitley accused the opposition of doing politics of slogan-shouting.
there has been enough of politics of slogan-shouting.
you start with the debate.
the house will not allow slogan-shouting, the bjp leader said.
mayawati (bsp) attacked prime minister narendra modi saying the episode had exposed those who had claimed that na khaoonga, na khane doonga (i will neither take bribe nor will i allow anyone to take it.
amid protests by bjp members, she demanded an impartial cbi probe and resignation of chouhan.
sharad yadav (jd-u) said the ministers whose names have cropped up in the controversies should resign, contending that they will emerge stronger after the probe clears their names.
to emphasise his point, he cited the resignation by him and bjp leader l k advani after their names cropped up in the jain hawala case in 1990s, till their names were cleared.
rajeev shukla (cong), who is ipl chairman at present, said the lalit modi issue was serious enough as it concerned corruption and the concerned ministers should resign.
on the vyapam scam, jaitley said it was squarely a state issue and if the opposition wanted to change rule to discuss state issues and set up new precedents, then issues ranging from kerala, himachal pradesh, assam and goa should also be discussed.
so we will be fair to all states.
he added, if they want to discuss the issue relating to sushma swaraj, please start the discussion right now.
sitaram yechury (cpi-m) however asserted that vyapam issue was not just restricted to one state as people linked to it had died even outside madhya pradesh under mysterious circumstances.
the verbal clash continued whenever the house met after adjournments, leading to further adjournments.
same was the scene in lok sabha, which had its first working day today as it was adjourned yesterday immediately after convening as a mark of tribute to a sitting member who passed away recently.
it was repeatedly disrupted ever since it met for the day as members of congress and left kept storming the well with placards despite speaker sumitra mahajan's warning of disciplinary action.
the placards read 'bade modi meherban, to chhote modi pehelwan' (a hindi idiom meaning that a small person is strong if supported by a powerful person) and 'pm chuppi todo' (pm, break your silence), modi ji 56 inch dikhao, sushma, raje ko turant hatao (show your 56 inch chest by removing swaraj and raje).
rjd and ncp members were seen supporting them.
swaraj was sitting in the front row along with home minister rajnath singh and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
congress members were also sporting black badges on their arms to register their protests and continued wearing them and carrying placards despite speaker's warning against doing so.
trs members also contributed to the uproar by raising the demand for a separate high court for telangana.
at present, andhra pradesh and telangana share the same high court, two years after the bifurcation.
mahajan disapproved of the action of the protesting members and warned that in the event of disorderly conduct, i would be constrained to initiate appropriate disciplinary action against erring members.
she said she has always provided adequate opportunity to all sections of the house to raise matters of topical interest and hoped that all the members would adhere to the set norms of etiquette and standards of behaviour.
this added fuel to the fire and immediately congress and left members again stormed the well while those from the trs trooped into the well in support of their demand for a separate high court for telangana.
this forced the speaker to adjourn the house for two hours, a few minutes after noon.
the house witnessed similar scenes when it met at 2 pm, when deputy speaker m thambidurai adjourned the house for the day.
the only work done was the green signal given to a motion seeking extension of the term of the joint committee of parliament on land acquisition bill.
bjp to announce team todaynew delhi, july 18, 2013, dhns: 1:26 istthe bjp team for the 2014 lok sabha polls and the upcoming state elections, spread over about a dozen sub-committees to manage issues like campaigning, preparation of manifestoes, rallies and publicity, will be announced on friday.
the bjp parliamentary board meeting, presided by party president rajnath singh, on thursday evening prepared the broad counters of election work allocation.
however, differences remained among leaders on identifying state election in-charge.
the sources said that former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari has refused to take over the reins in delhi, which will also go to polls along with madhya pradesh (mp), chhattisgarh, rajasthan and andhra pradesh.
it is learnt that one of the reasons behind gadkaris refusal is due to the fact that the bjps chances of winning is not that bright in comparison with states like rajasthan, mp and chhattisgarh.
also, he is believed to be of the view that his stature in the party, being a former president, was bigger than the post he was being offered.
party sources said that he had shown interest in taking charge of rajasthan.
gadkari, who was one of the 12 top leaders apart from l k advani, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley and venkaiah naidu, left the meeting before others got out.
while general secretaries will get the responsibilities to head sub-committees for poll bound states, senior leaders such as swaraj and jaitley are expected to get positions keeping in mind their standing in the party.
the senior leaders cannot be seen to be doing election management work under any structure headed by poll campaign chief narendra modi, sources said.
by virtue of being a parliamentary board member, which is the top decision making body of the party, the members cannot be tasked to share responsibility under modi.
singh and modi went into a huddle on wednesday to put together a list of election related committees to give specific task to leaders.
the rss, which recently had a series of meetings with singh, advani, modi, gadkari and murli manohar joshi, has told the bjp to take along everyone, especially seniors so that the party can put a united fight.
swaraj to meet ramdevlast updated: 08 june, 2011to express solidarity with baba ramdev's agitation against corruption, senior bjp leader sushma swaraj today left for haridwar to meet the yoga guru.
swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, left for haridwar this morning and is likely to meet the yoga guru this afternoon, party sources said.
while bjp has scoffed at suggestions that ramdev's agitation had the backing of it or rss, the party has maintained that it supported the spirit of the campaigns being led by ramdev and anna hazare.
on sunday, bjp had launched a nation-wide 24-hour-long agitation against police crackdown on ramdev supporters and corruption even as it asked the government to bring back black money parked abroad.
several bjp leaders led by party president nitingadkari gadkari and parliamentary party chairman l k advani sat on a strike at rajghat.
on monday, leaders of the bjp-led nda met president pratibha patil and handed her a memorandum which said that after the police action against ramdev, the government's intentions are clearer than ever.
civic polls: bjp tastes defeat in cm fadnavis' home turfnagpur, nov 3, 2015 (pti) 14:18 ista year after storming to power in maharashtra, the bjp seems to have suffered a considerable erosion of support base in chief minister devendra fadnavis' home turf vidarbha, losing to congress-ncp in the municipal council polls in the region.
the congress termed the poll outcome in vidarbha region as a wake-up call for ruling coalition.
the bjp could succeed in getting a clear majority only in 3 out of 29 municipal councils in vidarbha, the results of which were declared yesterday, while the sena failed to win in any these civic bodies.
the congress got a clear majority in five councils, while ncp emerged victorious in one.
one of the biggest setbacks to bjp was in nagpur district, the home turf of chief minister devendra fadnavis and union transport and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari, as the party failed miserably in all the three councils of kuhi, hingana and bhiwapur.
the bjp was in power in hingana and kuhi.
yesterday, ncp won the hingana municipal council poll, while congress is one short of majority in kuhi civic body.
the shiv sena was not able to retain bhiwapur, where the picture is hazy as out of the 17 seats, congress won 5, sena-4, bjp-3, bsp-3 and independents-2.
the chandrapur district, which is home to finance minister sudhir mungantiwar and also union minister of state hansraj ahir, also had an unflattering result for the bjp.
the party won at pombhurna municipal council in the district, while congress won the saoli civic body.
besides, it turned out to be a disaster for bjp and sena in amravati district, as they are not in a position to take over in any of the four councils.
the congress won tiwsa civic body there, while ncp bagged dharni.
the bhatkuli municipal council has been bagged by independent mla ravi rana's outfit, while congress has an upper hand in nandgaon-khandeshwar.
congress mlc rajendra mulak, who had once represented umrer assembly constituency in nagpur district, said the results are a wake-up call for the ruling coalition.
there was growing dissatisfaction among the voters.
the state and central governments had promised a lot, but delivered nothing.
the price rise of essential commodities has hit the common man very hard, said mulak, who was minister of state in the previous congress-ncp government.
the prime minister spoke about his trip to uae and said the government their had promised investment of rs 4.
5 lakh crore in india.
in coming days, skill development is going to change the future of bihar.
the centre does not work by throwing crumbs and nor can the country be taken forward by throwing crumbs.
we don't want to work in piecemeal, he said and added that his government's 'make in india' and 'skill india' initiatives complemented each other.
india, he said, cannot progress without growth in eastern states like bihar, odisha and west bengal and his government was working towards their development.
reaching out to dalits and backwards, he invoked the lifelong work of new bihar governor ram nath kovind who, modi said, had spent his life for the development of dalits, backwards, extremenly backwards and the deprived.
giving details of rs 40,000 crore package announced earlier, he said rs 8000 crore would be the unspent amount of the package given by the upa government, rs 12,000 crore worth road projects of national highways and rs 20,000 crore of the factory that would come at banka district.
seeking to highlight the approach of the congress, which is now a part of secular alliance with jd(u) and rjd in bihar poll, towards the state, modi said the upa provided a chocolate to bihar in the form of rs 12,000 crore as given to a crying child to calm him.
the pm said he was criticised for not announcing a special package during his last visit to bihar when the parliament session was on.
kumar has been attacking modi on the issue of providing special package for bihar.
yesterday also he had said that he was waiting to see if the special package announced by pm has some new projects or merely repackaging of old ones.
the pm also criticised kumar for failing to spend money provided on previous two packages.
its a 'karwa satya' (bitter truth) that out of rs 10,000 crore special package given by vajpayee government in 2003 the state could not spend rs 1000 crore and in rs 12,000 crore package of upa government it could spend only rs 4000 crore, he said.
earlier, in a bid to strike a rapport with the people, the pm opened his speech by greeting the people in bhojpuri and remembered freedom fighter kuer singh, who hailed from bhojpur district of bihar.
the pm will address a rally at saharsa later in the day.
a host of leaders, including union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, ramvilas paswan, ravishankar prasad, radhamohan singh, rajiv pratap rudy besides, state bjp leader sushil kumar modi, upendra kushwaha, bihar minister rajiv ranjan singh lallan and local mp r k singh were among others present on the dais.
later addressing a rally in saharasa, the prime minister cited latest state government crime figures to argue that bihar was already hearing the footsteps of 'jungle raaj', a jibe at kumar's alliance with lalu prasad's rjd, whose government in the 90s was criticised for the poor law and order situation.
between january and june 2015, heinous crimes had risen by 34 per cent and murders by 46 per cent across the state, he said, adding these were signs of 'jungle raaj'.
numbers of riots had increased by 72 per cent, he said.
tell me, these are signs of jungle raaj or not.
your life will become difficult or not.
.
.
you give us power in patna and we will sort out all your problems, he said.
lashing out at kumar, modi said he has sat in the lap of congress which had jailed jayaprakash narayan and called it a betrayal with the socialist leader.
i have announced a rs 1.
25 lakh crore package to change the fate of bihar, to make a 'naya' bihar.
i assure you that i will change the face of bihar, he told a rally as he sought their votes for the bjp-led nda.
talking of kumar's decision to split with bjp in 2013, which modi dubbed as a betrayal with the saffron party and the people of bihar, the prime minister said he ran to the then upa government offering his support to it if the state was given a package.
he got rs 12,000 crore and began dancing over it.
this package played with the self-respect of bihar.
.
.
the total package i have given is rs 1.
65 lakh crore, modi said, underlining that the rs 1.
25 cr package was in addition to several projects worth rs 40000 cr announced earlier.
the prime minister also made a mention of 2008 kosi floods, which had badly hit the region, and targeted kumar for returning rs 5 cr cheque sent to bihar by him as the then gujarat chief minister.
is this behaviour appropriate in public life?
people in the kosi region may die but i will not leave my arrogance.
those who cannot leave their arrogance should be left or not?
, he said, without naming the chief minister.
kumar had returned the cheque after modi put out advertisements in bihar newspapers about it, which he saw as an attempt by the bjp leader to build his political capital.
this was modi's third rally in bihar and first in the mithila region, which the nda had swept in the lok sabha polls.
modi also hit out at chief minister nitish kumar for putting the prestige of bihar at stake for his political gains by pleading with the previous upa government for packages and getting only rs 12000 crore.
i am here today to fulfill my promise to you.
i am announcing a package of rs 1.
25 lakh crore for bihar.
now you give me your blessings to change the fate of bihar.
.
.
only development will benefit the state and eradicate its poverty.
bihar will touch new heights of development, he said at a government function where several projects were launched.
modi also made it clear that the rs 1.
25 lakh crore package will be in addition to the ongoing development projects worth rs 40657 cr, announced previously.
amid high-stakes assembly election, bjp is banking heavily on the centre's development package to wrest power from kumar, its one time ally-turned-rival, who has now joined hands with lalu prasad's rjd to take on the saffron combine.
attacking kumar for his claim that bihar was no longer a 'bimaru' state as claimed by modi in his previous rally in bihar, modi wondered why the chief minister had been seeking packages all the time.
our chief minister turned very angry and said who is modi to call bihar a 'bimaru' state.
he said with authority that bihar is no longer a bimaru state.
if it is true, then i will be the happiest person.
i welcome this.
tell me, if somebody is healthy, will he go to a doctor.
if somebody's stomach is full, will he go anywhere seeking food?
i am surprised that on the one hand he says bihar is not bimaru and on the other he keeps asking for something or the other.
let the people of bihar decide, modi, accompanied by many union ministers, said.
building up the tempo ahead of special package announcement, modi cited the previous two packages of rs 10,000 crore and rs 12,000 crore given to the state in 2003 and 2013 and said the kumar government could not utilise them properly.
referring to his promise made during the lok sabha polls that rs 50,000 cr package would be given to bihar, modi said he realised after coming to power that the amount was nothing.
the pm also compared the past assistance given by the then atal bihari vajpayee nda government and upa government and told the chief minister that he should properly take note of his package announcement, kaan theek rakh kar sun lijiye.
referring to kumar's split with bjp in 2013, he said the chief minister then went to 'delhi durbar' and pleaded that please give me something to keep my honour.
for political benefits, he put at stake the prestige of bihar, modi said, adding that rs 12000 crore given by upa was like giving a candy to a child who cries too much.
that package played with the self respect of bihar, he maintained.
invoking freedom fighter babu veer kunwar singh, who hailed from arrah, and seeking jayaprakash narayan's blessings, he went on to ask people, should it be rs 50000 crore or more, rs 60,000 cr, rs 70,000 cr.
.
.
, he said as the crowd cheered and then stood up as he made the final announcement of rs 1.
25 lakh crore.
wooing the electorate, he said people of bihar were bestowed with sharp intellect and mentioned that chanakya was born here.
he also spoke about the comprehensive work being done by his government, especially regarding skilling youth and training women, to develop the country and took a jibe at the previous dispensations, saying they had a piecemeal approach to progress.
chief minister kumar, who had gone to receive the pm at patna airport, was not present at the arrah function where the pm inaugurated & laid foundation stone of 11 national highway projects of 700 kms at a capital cost of rs 9700 crore.
bihar road construction department minister rajiv ranjan singh lallan was present on the dais.
gadkari received favours from essar, says reportnew delhi, feb 27, 2015, dhns: 2:33 istunion minister nitingadkari gadkari found himself in the middle of a controversy on friday after a news report said he accepted favours from a private company.
compounding his problems, a public interest litigation (pil) was also filed in the supreme court seeking a court-monitored special investigation team (sit) or cbi probe into the high-level political-bureaucratic-corporate nexus to change public policy and leak confidential papers.
the centre for public interest litigation (cpil) said internal emails of essar group of companies showed that favours were made to bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari, now an union minister, former ministers sriprakash jaiswal, beni prasad verma and congress leader digvijay singh and journalists through high-end gifts, luxury travel or jobs to their recommended candidates.
essar, in turn, apparently gets favoured from such influential persons who can take executive decisions, change public policies, raise questions in parliament, leak confidential government documents and plant stories in the media, the petition filed by advocate prashant bhushan said.
i want to see new things and when essar people invited me to see their yacht in the sea, i accepted their invitation.
i would have gone to see it even if they had placed a ticket of rs 500 for admission, he told reporters.
cpil cited a series of emails to argue that gadkari and his family enjoyed hospitality at essar vice-chairman ravi ruias 280-feet super-luxury personal yacht sunrays in 2013 in his europe tour.
all arrangements are made by essar for the visit of gadkari and his eight family members, including pick-up by a helicopter from the nice airport to the cruise and all meals during their stay.
on july 7, 2013, the gadkari family is flown to the yacht in a helicopter from nice airport and after the cruise, they are flown back to the airport on july 9, 2013, the petition said, quoting the emails.
the petition also drew attention to the leak of classified files from petroleum ministry in which several people, including ministry officials, were arrested.
it cited an inter-office essar note in june 2009, proposing to gift 200 high-end cell phones to mps.
a july 2013 email was also quoted in the petition showing how political leaders had approached essar to hire their candidates for jobs in the company.
out of 60 people who want their candidates to work with essar, there are candidates referred by beni prasad verma (then steel minister), sriprakash jaiswal (then coal minister), sanjeev kumar (private secretary to then minister for petroleum and natural gas), mohan prakash (congress general secretary in-charge of three states), digvijay singh (senior congress leader), varun gandhi (bjp leader) and yaswant laguri (lok sabha member from keonjhar, odisha), the petition alleged.
it also urged the court to cancel the privileges like subsidised land, newsprint, houses etc of media organisations and journalists indulging in paid news or publishing news reports to favour corporates.
the petitioner also sought issuance of guidelines on corporate gifts.
yeddy confident of being reinstated after meeting gadkarinew delhi, mar 22, 2012 (pti) 18:42 istformer karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa, insisting on his reinstatement, today expressed happiness over his meeting with bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and said he was confident the party leadership will take the right decision.
emerging from a long meeting with gadkari and central leaders including general secretaries ravi shankar prasad, dharmendra pradhan and ramlal, yeddyurappa said, i am happy with the outcome of the meeting.
.
.
i am confident that party president and the party will take the right decision in the interest of the party and the people of karnataka.
yeddyurappa claimed that gadkari had conveyed to him that he will take an appropriate decision in the light of his request that he be reinstated as chief minister after the karnataka high court gave him a clean chit in a graft case.
the lingayat leader met gadkari after his successor to the post of chief minister d v sadananda gowda and state unit president k eshwarappa had met the party president.
significantly, while gowda unilaterally announced to the media that he had been assured by the party high command that there will be no change of leadership at present in karnataka government, yeddyurappa was accompanied by pradhan who is in-charge of the state when he made his statement.
party sources said yeddyurappa has been asked to have patience for some more time.
the central leadership wants the on-going biennial rajya sabha polls to get over on march 30.
gadkari will take an appropriate decision in consultation with the central leadership.
he has also advised all parties concerned to maintain strict party discipline, prasad said.
states stretch too to mark first yoga daynew delhi, june 21, 2015, (pti) 16:27 istlaunching of new initiatives to popularise yoga and mass demonstrations where dignitaries participated with common people marked the first international yoga day celebrations across the states today.
states ruled by bjp and its allies took the lead, organising mammoth events and announcing various initiatives.
while gujarat is planning introduction of yoga as a regular practice in schools, andhra pradesh announced a grant of rs 25 crore for conduct of regular such events.
while prime minister narendra modi led the day's event on rajpath in the national capital, several union ministers fanned out to states to take part in yoga day events.
union health minister j p nadda participated in the celebrations in hyderabad, along with his cabinet colleague bandaru dattatreya.
union minister for transport and shipping nitingadkari gadkari presided over a event in nagpur, while union ministers ravi shankar prasad and suresh prabhu attended such events in west bengal and kerala, respectively.
several chief ministers and governors too attended events organised in state capitals, besides political bigwigs.
bjp president amit shah took part in yoga session in bihar capital patna.
while most state governments organised official functions to mark the day, the uttar pradesh government did not observe the day officially and had made it voluntary.
union home minister rajnath singh led a session at the k d singh babu stadium in lucknow, where more than 15,000 people including muslims, practised yogasanas.
a sizeable number of government officers and employees were also present at the event.
in gujarat, more than 1.
25 crore people, including school children, senior citizens and women, today took part in yoga day events at around 29,000 locations across the state.
under the state government's 'yoga on the river' initiative, 1,500 trained participants performed yoga on 500 boats on narmada river at bharuch.
chief minister anandiben patel and governor o p kohli were present at the state-level celebration held at the gmdc ground in ahmedabad.
patel practised 'asanas' for almost 35 minutes, along with more than 70,000 participants, including ips and ias officers, mlas, corporators and bjp leaders.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan led a large number of students and others in a yoga session at the lal parade ground in state capital bhopal.
union minister for steel and mines narendra singh tomar and state finance minister jayant mallaiya led the yoga session in gwalior.
in the national capital, yoga sessions were also held at the country's premier health facility all india institute of medical sciences and at the ndmc convention centre.
various resident welfare associations also organised yoga classes at residential complexes across delhi.
the aap government, however, did not organise any programme on the day, saying that when one big event was being held, another one will not be required.
chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia was among the participants on rajpath.
in the kashmir valley, yoga sessions were held at many places, with large numbers of school children participating with zeal and enthusiasm.
the main function was held at bakshi stadium in srinagar where over 1,200 ncc cadets and school children participated.
similar events were held at baramulla, uri, bandipura, tangdhar, anantnag, kargil and leh.
union minister of state for social justice and empowerment krishan pal gujjar was the chief guest at the event at jhelum view park in rajbagh, organised by the kashmir unit of bjp.
a series of events were organised across punjab and haryana.
chief minister manohar lal khattar attended the state level function organised by haryana government in karnal.
he announced that 1,000 trainers would soon be appointed for 'yog and vyamshalas' to be set up in 1,000 villages in the state.
haryana and punjab governor kaptan singh solanki attended an event in chandigarh to mark international yoga day.
in rajasthan, lakhs of people performed yoga for one hour to mark the day with the state's main event being attended by chief minister vasundhara raje and her cabinet colleagues at sawai man singh stadium in jaipur.
chief minister raje also administered the oath of health, fitness and discipline in life to over 25,000 people.
besides cities, yoga was performed in 9,900 gram panchayats in which all elected representatives, ngos and government employees took part.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, who practised yoga with a select group of jail inmates in central prison on mumbai's wardha road, praised prime minister modi for giving an international status to yoga and called for not to mix yoga with religion and politics.
in mumbai, which has been witnessing heavy rainfall, bjp state unit president raosaheb danve and health minister deepak sawant performed yoga that was co-ordinated by party's state treasurer shaina n c and others.
union ministers piyush goyal and anant geete were present on the occasion.
hundreds of people laid down their mattresses along the entire stretch of the 'queen's necklace' from chowpatty to nariman point in a programme called 'yoga by the bay', which was a joint collaboration between the art of living, ngo 'i love mumbai' and 'equal streets initiative'.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu announced that the state government will provide rs 25 crores for conducting of regular yoga programmes in the state by the ayush department.
in chhattisgarh, chief minister raman singh encouraged people, particularly the youngsters, to practice yoga while highlighting the benefits of the ancient form of exercise and meditation.
yoga not only strengthens an individual's memory, but also helps people spiritually focus on their goal, singh said participating at an event to mark the day at balbeer singh juneja indoor stadium in raipur which was attended by over 1,000 students from around 17 schools.
in goa, several groups voluntarily performed yoga at the beaches, schools and open grounds.
nda govt plans to allay oppn fears over land billnew delhi, feb 25, 2015, dhns: 2:14 istpaswan's party also joins protestthe government plans to reach out to opposition and other stakeholders to convince them that there is nothing anti-farmer in the proposed land acquisition bill.
however, more national democratic alliance (nda) allies have joined the protest against the bill.
after maharashtra-based coalition partnersthe shiv sena and swabhimani paksha, and shiromani akali dal (sad)the lok janshakti party (ljp) also openly voiced their dissent over the bill.
we have concerns about amendments to land acquisition law.
we have sought clarifications from the government.
we are not happy with the doing away of the consent clause.
we demand that there should be a provision allowing farmers to approach courts.
also, we want a provision in the law that a member of the affected family should get a job in the firm or industry for which the land is acquired, ljp member of parliament chirag paswan, who is also son of union minister ramvilas paswan, told deccan herald.
prime minister narendra modi met key ministers on wednesday morning to lead the government's defence against the mounting opposition to the bill.
the government strategy, sources said, was to expose opposition parties double standard on the bill and at the same time engage farmers among other stakeholders to hear their grievances and accept good suggestions received during the consultation.
it is a battle between ground reality and perception, he said.
gadkari challenged political parties for a debate to prove that the nda legislation was anti-farmer.
he released some details of the last june 27 meeting called at vigyan bhavan to consult states to point out that the congress and the sp had taken another stand there and are now opposing it in parliament.
who wrote this?
it was a congress chief minister.
this partys chief minister in haryana also offered compensation which was only twice the rate not four times as envisaged by the law.
and this party is shouting in parliament.
they put on many masks to suit their interests, he said.
mrityunjay bose, feb 24, 2017, mumbai: dhns: 2:02 istbjp emerges largest party across maharashtraindias biggest civic body of mumbai on thursday recorded a neck-and-neck finish to the municipal elections with the shiv sena and the bjp looking at the mayoral seat following a fractured mandate.
they had contested the polls against each other for the first time in 25 years.
while improving its tally in mumbai, the bjp also made significant gains in the nine municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis, emerging as no.
1 in the civic polls across maharashtra.
in the 227-ward brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) which has a budget of rs 37,052 crore and fixed deposits worth rs 51,000 crore  higher than some states  it was a high-pitched battle between the two parties that are alliance partners at the centre and in the state government.
the shiv sena leads the tally with 84 seats, followed by the bjp (82), congress (31), nationalist congress party (9), maharashtra navnirman sena (7) and others (14).
in the 2012 polls, the shiv sena won 75 seats followed by the congress (52), bjp (31), ncp (7), mns (27), sp (9) and others (32).
in the last two decades, the sena-bjp combine had been constantly in power in mumbai.
a party needs 114 seats to get its mayor elected in mumbai.
with neither the shiv sena nor the bjp making it on its own, several permutations and combinations are now open.
chief minister devendra fadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led the campaign for their respective parties, preferred to speak with caution on a possible post-poll alliance and claim to the mayoral post.
there is a core committee for this purpose, let them look into it, he said.
we would respect and fulfil the wishes of the people, he said.
when thackeray was asked about it, he said, why are you in a hurry.
.
.
we are the no.
1 party in mumbai.
i am not going to say anything on this today.
pressed for an answer, he said let the mayoral election be declared first.
till then, lets eat sweets.
repeatedly asked whether the next mayor would be from the shiv sena, he said that not only the mumbai mayor, the next chief minister would be from the shiv sena.
though the senas tally is more than that of its former alliance partner in mumbai corporation, bjps mumbai chief ashish shelar said his party had the pre-poll support of some independents.
at this stage, both saffron parties seem to be waiting for the other side to make the first move.
the issue of demonetisation, which was a poll plank of all parties, did not seem to have an impact.
so far results of 1,453 seats of the total 1,509 has been declared and the bjp has won 392 seats.
the ncp has won 336 seats followed by shiv sena 299 and congress 293.
i would like to congratulate chief minister devendra fadnavis and the bjp workers for the tremendous support.
even after demonetisation the people have supported us in this election.
the trust that has been shown by the people is due to the development work done by the bjp government, senior bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari said.
congress and the raj thackeray-led mns suffered badly in the elections.
however, if shiv sena and bjp do not come together again, these two arties will play an important role.
the bjp is also leading in zilla parishads and panchayat samitis and has emerged as the no 1 party, according to the results declared so far by the state election commission.
rss slams anna hazarepatna, feb 5 (pti) 19:21 istthe rss today slammed gandhian anna hazare for failing to acknowledge that its workers had played an active role in his nationwide crusade against corruption last year, though the sangh itslef was not part of the civil society agitation.
it is a fact that the sangh workers in individual capacity did play an active role in the anti-corruption crusade by the civil society headed by hazare.
.
.
.
it baffles me as to whay the former did not acknowledge the fact, rss chief mohan bhagwat told reporters.
though the rss had not directed its workers to join the civil society's crusade on corruption, a large number of them did take an active part in the agitation throughout the country on their own volition, he said.
however, it baffled him when the gandhian leader did not acknowledge the role of the sangh workers in his anti-corruption movement when the congress attacked hazare for soliciting rss support on corruption issue, bhagwat said.
bhagwat, however, clarified that the rss was not part of the civil society agitation on the corruption issue even as it shared similar views and had adopted a resolution on the issue in march last year.
the rss leader said that corruption in the political system could not be addressed merely by taking stringent action against corrupt public servants.
other remedies like electoral reforms and making the system transparent and accountable should also be considered to usher in good governance in the country.
bhagwat clarified that it was not the rss' decision to make nitingadkari gadkari the bjp national president but it had merely played the role of a facilitator when senior bjp leaders had met him to find a replacement for rajnath singh in the post-parliamentary poll debacle of 2009.
some senior bjp leaders had called me to discuss the future of the party leadership following debacle in 2009 parliamentary polls.
.
.
.
the names of a number of leaders were discussed for the bjp president's post with gadkari being among the names, the rss chief told reporters.
it was the bjp leaders' call to select gadkari as the bjp president, he said adding the sangh had merely played the role of a facilitator.
the rss flayed people giving communal colour to those accused being tried in terror cases and said that comments should be made only after charges against such persons could be proved in the courts first.
there is no such thing as hindu militants.
.
.
.
prove the charges first before giving communal colour to terror cases accused, the rss sarsanghchalak said.
he was responding to a question eliciting his stand on the accusations being made by critics linking the samjhauta express and malegaon blast cases accused to upsurge of hindu militancy.
disapproving the mns chief raj thackeray's regional brand of politics, bhagwat said that he has publicly denounced in the past the latter's cryptic comments against the north indians as he felt that the country and mumbai/maharashtra belonged to all and nobody has a right to create wedges among the people on the lines of caste, religion or region.
in an apparent shift in its policy, the rss has decided to put unfront its leaders and workers to take the route of mass media to spread its ideology and support base across the country.
the sangh has decided to identity people within its ranks to articulate its views and programmes through media, mohan bhagwat told reporters.
the committed rss workers will not only fan out across the country to propagate its ideology and programmes, but will have regular interface with the media, he said.
till now, we have been doing our works quietly, but it was felt that it will be better if the medium of media too should be used to spread our ideology and rope in more people with us, he said.
press trust of india, nagpur, may 27 2017, 2:26 isthe also said that the low interest rate funding is similar to what the government did in case of major port jnpt.
.
india wants to cut down on a ballooning rs 7 lakh crore crude import bill, the minister said, adding electric buses and vehicles along with ethanol and other green fuel could be the solution.
promoting electric vehicles is priority of our government.
we want electric buses, autorickshaws and other vehicles to ply in the country.
we are engaged in initial talks with softbank for loans at low interest rate for a green project.
we want to introduce two lakh electric buses for public transport, road transport and highways minister gadkari said.
he also said that the low interest rate funding is similar to what the government did in case of major port jnpt.
he was addressing reporters here before the launch of a pilot project for 200 electric vehicles including 100 of mahindras new e20 plus.
he said the target was to reduce the ticket fare of public transport by 50 per cent in the country.
research is on to produce lithium and other advanced batteries at a cheaper rate which would be made easily available, the minister said.
the policy envisages tax exemptions and discounts totalling up to rs 2.
5 lakh on vehicles purchased for about rs 10 lakh at the time of new purchase, he told reporters here.
we will form such a policy that more than 10-year-old vehicles will be scrapped.
the cost of vehicle will be valued at 10 to 15 per cent of original cost.
if vehicle cost is rs 10 lakh, scrap will be 10 per cent of it, the minister said.
however, the minister clarified that there is no such decision at present to ban 15 years old commercial vehicles (cvs).
aap's sanjay singh tried to poach cong mlas: former legislatorpratik kumar, new delhi, mar 12, 2015, dhns: 1:44 ista day after a tv sting landed chief minister arvind kejriwal in controversy, former congress mla asif mohammad khan on thursday alleged that senior aap leader sanjay singh offered him a ministerial post for backing aaps effort to form a government in the capital last year.
khan claimed that he has audio evidence against singh.
the aap leader accepted meeting the former mla but shifted the blame on the bjp.
he told me that he had a meeting with (union surface transport and highways minister) nitingadkari gadkari.
the bjp offered ministry to congress mlas, he said.
singh rubbished khans claim of offering him a ministerial post and said, i will quit politics if the allegations are proved.
khan, former legislator from okhla, also said he met deputy chief minister manish sisodia once to discuss possibilities of cobbling up a majority nearly a month before dissolution of delhi assembly on november 4.
i had one meeting with manish sisodia and two meetings with sanjay singh at a journalists house in noida.
he (singh) never offered me money, but he offered me a ministerial post and chairmanship of different boards to five mlas in lieu of support, khan said.
he said singh had asked him not to make the conversations between the two public till the time they get closer to forming a government in delhi.
he (singh) also said that the conversation should not go out of the room because some senior leaders of aap do not want that we should form the government with congress support, he added.
khans claims found backing from his party colleagues and former legislators chaudhary mateen ahmed and hasan ahmed.
6-laning of b'luru-mysuru highway will begin in decfebruary 4, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:00 istunion minister for transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday said the work on six laning the bengaluru-mysuru highway will begin by december 2016.
under the rs 8,000-crore project, two service lanes on both sides of the highway would be provided for the use of local people.
the decision to commence work in december was taken at a review meeting held on wednesday headed by gadkari, who announced this at a meeting of officials and civic bodies held here later in the evening.
a fund of rs 2,000 crore has been sanctioned for the work.
bengaluru city development minister k j george, who also spoke on the occasion, said that the suburban rail system would be developed so as to be connected to metro rail.
he said the first phase of the suburban rail system would link tumakuru with yeshwantpur, whitefield to baiyappanahalli and mandya to kengeri.
originally, the cost of establishing the suburban rail was around rs 9,000 crore, while this system of connecting suburban rail with metro rail would cost only rs 1,000 crore.
the union railways has committed itself to do the work.
we would be pitching in 50 per cent of the rs 1,000 crore that the new system costs, george said.
george remarked that bengaluru this time had unmotorable roads to a larger extent because of the severe rain the city experienced.
we will now take up the work to refurbish the roads in bengaluru.
work will begin on february 25.
we are spending around rs 1,500 crore for the development of the roads in the city, george said.
new metro routethe minister also said he would propose two new metro lines to the bmrcl.
one would be a line from dairy circle to nagawara and the other from silk board to kr puram.
on the peripheral ring road (prr), george said the project would work out to rs 11,000 crore of which land acquisition alone would cost rs 8,000 crore.
centre to invest rs 1-l cr in ktakaunion minister for transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari announced that the centre has drawn up a plan to invest rs one lakh crore for the development of national highways and ports in the two years in karnataka.
of this, rs 60,000 crore will be spent by the end of this year, including rs 10,000 crore on a tunnel road at shiradi ghat and upgrading 4,000 km of highways.
the centre has decided to increase the length of national highways from 96,000 km to 1.
5 lakh km in the next two years in the country, he added.
the mangalore port will be expanded at the cost of rs 10,000 crore and about rs 2,500 crore will be invested in the development of four lighthouses in the state.
infrastructure development is the key for development.
without good infrastructure, investments are unlikely to come, the union minister stated.
i suggest that the development of the prr be taken over by national highways authority of india (nhai) as the prr comes very close to the highway.
let the road be tolled by the nhai.
this is a proposal, let us see how things develop, he added.
new delhi, mar 21, 2012, dhns: 1:58 istaccording to sources, the former chief minister has been given a clear message by the rss that he should wait for the direction from the central leadership.
a positive decision is expected, said an mp from the state loyal to the former chief minister.
yeddyurappa and chief minister d v sadananda gowda are expected to meet all key bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders in the next two days here.
later, the parliamentary party may meet and draw its plan for karnataka.
yeddyurappa arrived here along with rural development minister jagadish shettar, agriculture minister umesh katti and his trusted lieutenant lehar singh to meet the party leaders.
bjp president nitingadkari gadkari, who arrived here from nagpur after discussing the karnataka issues with the rss leaders, held a discussion with yeddyurappa.
opposition leader in the rajya sabha arun jaitley was also present.
sadananda gowda and party state unit president k s eshwarappa also arrived here on wednesday night.
gadkari will have joint consultation on friday with all the state leaders on several issues, including the vokkaliga factor and revolt by another group led by minister balachandra jarkiholi.
sources in the party told deccan herald that though a section of leaders strongly favour the reinstatement of yeddyurappa, they wanted him to wait till the budget session ends.
before reinstating yeddyurappa, they want the party to work for an honourable exit for sadananda gowda to ensure that vokkaligas, his community, is not upset.
though initially many senior leaders were opposed to yeddyurappa, especially after the party defeat in the udupi-chikmaglur bypoll, they were lenient towards the lingayat leader.
however, a final decision will be taken by the party parliamentary board.
earlier yeddyurappa said he had not placed any demandbe it for the post of chief minister or that of party state unit presidentbefore the party president.
i have not fixed any deadline and there is no question of putting pressure on the party high command, he said.
engineers' team to check shiradi road qualityshiradi, feb 20, 2015, dhns 22:50 istmp nalin kumar said a report will be sought by a team of engineers who will check the quality of the concretisation of shiradi road.
inspecting the work on wednesday, he said the pace at which the work is being carried out, is disappointing.
hence, the team of engineers will be formed soon after the completion of one km road concretisation.
around rs 60.
90 crore has been released for the concretisation of 11 km road, in the first phase.
it has been two months since work started.
though the duration of the work ends in november, contractors are told to complete the work before may, inconvenience is being caused to passengers.
the people of dakshina kannada and hassan are lending their cooperation towards speeding up the work.
the movement of vehicles has been completely restricted.
two months time was given to accelerate the work.
but, complaints have been received regarding the poor quality of work and slow pace.
a discussion has been carried out with local mlas, zilla panchayat president, vice president and members.
also, mla s angara had raised the issue in the assembly and the minister had given assurances.
the legal hurdles to the completion of the work, will be cleared, mp said.
nalin further said the construction of 69 small drains needs to be carried out as a part of the work.
work on 40 among these have been completed and 25 are in progress.
work on four drains are yet to be started.
some of the works are not up to the expected level.
out of 11 kms of concretisation work, only 400 mtr has been completed.
the officials are directed to carryout the works as per schedule.
stern action will be taken against the contractor and officials concerned if the work if of poor quality.
in order to complete the work before may, everyday one engineer will inspect the work.
only one tender has been received towards the remaining one work, mp said and added that he will talk to union minister nitingadkari gadkari and solve the issue.
except for ambulance and other emergency services, the movement of vehicles is completely prohibited.
nalin, meanwhile directed the officials to take action on illegal transporters of sand.
new delhi: nov 12, 2015, dhns 1:46 ista day after bjp veterans led by l k advani sought to put the blame on narendra modi and amit shah for bihar assembly poll defeat, union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday demanded stringent punishment against people trying to damage the party image.
gadkari was among the three former bjp chiefs, including rajnath singh and m venkaiah naidu, who defended the leadership of modi and shah by denying veterans demand for fixing accountability for the debacle.
the party was fortunate to have been led by leaders like former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and l k advani and welcomed seniors suggestions on victories and defeats.
.
.
.
they (veterans) had set a healthy precedent of the party collectively, taking up responsibility for victories and defeats, the trio said in a statement released on tuesday evening.
agreeing with gadkari that suggestions were welcome, bjp general secretary ram madhav, who was drafted into the party from the rss, suggested that views should not be shared publicly but on party fora which would be beneficial for both.
former union minister in vajpayee regime yashwant sinha, who has been sidelined by the present regime which made his son jayant sinha junior finance minister, drove down to advanis house on wednesday to hold talks on the fallout of their growing tiff with the leadership.
panaji, march 14, 2017, pti 18:51 istfor manohar parrikar, the bjp's poster boy in goa, it's a homecoming and another stint as chief minister of the coastal state.
despite failing to secure a simple majority in the assembly polls, the bjp managed to successfully stitch an alliance with two regional parties besides gaining the support of two independents.
right from the start of campaigning in the state, the bjp had sent across a subtle message that if it wins, the government would be headed by parrikar.
enjoying a man-next-door image in the state, even while holding a major portfolio like defence at the centre, 61-year- old parrikar led the bjp's campaign from the front, though the party failed to hit the half-way mark of 21 in the 40-member house.
a metallurgical engineer from iit bombay, parrikar, in post-poll days, displayed immense political skill in outsmarting the single largest party congress in number games by forging a coalition winning over the maharashtrawadi gomantak party (mgp) and goa forward party (gfp).
born in a middle class business family in mapusa in north goa, manohar gopalkrishna prabhu parrikar graduated to the bjp from the rss ranks.
he joined the rss in his school days and always held that the ideology and training he received from the organisation greatly helped him in public life, most importantly in decision-making.
prime minister narendra modi, who hand-picked him as the defence minister in november 2014, has often lavished praises on parrikar for his dedication and hard work, especially in the context of the surgical strike last year.
parrikar was first elected to the goa assembly in 1994.
he served as he leader of the opposition from june to november 1999.
in a state known for political swings as well as rise and fall of ministries, parrikar's first stint as chief minister was from october 24, 2000 to february 27, 2002.
he had his next term at the top slot in the state from june 5, 2002 to january 29, 2005.
in 2012, he successfully led the bjp to power and became the chief minister for the third time, which lasted until november 2014 when he was made defence minister.
parrikar as the party's choice this time round was broadly hinted by the bjp leaders including nitingadkari gadkari during the run-up, saying a leader from delhi could be called to head the state after the polls.
parrikar, who often faced criticism from detractors for airdashing to goa every weekend, also did not hide his wish to return to his home state.
the party leaders also vouched that the bjp's manifesto and campaign strategy was scripted under parrikar's guidance, restricting laxmikant parsekar, who succeeded him as chief minister, to his constituency of mandrem, which he failed to defend.
parrikar criss-crossed the entire goa, promising continuation of the developmental works the bjp government initiated and sought a clear mandate, stressing political stability was essential to steer the state to progress.
a leader who enjoys acceptance from all sections of the bjp and beyond, he has played key role in making the party a force to reckon with in goa, which remained for long a congress bastion, with regional outfits having pockets of influence.
parrikar, whose wife died in 2001, has two sons-- utpal and abhijit.
he said he would take up with prime minister narendra modi the exaggerated exploitation in the name of earning profits by cement firms.
he was speaking at an event organised by industry body confederation of indian industry (cii).
attacking cement industry, the minister said every company has a right to make profits but exaggerated exploitation was unacceptable.
the cement industry indulging in cartelisation makes a huge difference to the production and marketing cost.
we have decided to build cement concrete roads and we want the cost of construction to remain low, he said.
though the cost of building cement roads was more, the ministry believes that even their durability was higher.
the cement industry also welcomed the move saying cement concrete roads would result in fuel saving to the extent of 14 per cent.
however cement prices have increased between rs 20 and rs 40 a bag in the last four months, with the prices currently ranging from rs 300 to rs 350 a bag.
the construction industry alleged that cement makers dictate prices through cartelisation.
in 2012, competition watchdog competition commission of india imposed a hefty penalty of about rs 6,200 crore on 11 leading cement companies for price cartelisation.
centre bans use of red beacons atop of vip carssagar kulkarni, new delhi, deccan herald news service apr 19 2017, 17:16 istthe notification in this regard will be issued soon, he said, adding that the decision is a democratic one.
deccan herald file photofrom may 1, president pranab mukherjee, vice president hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi, union ministers, judges, chief ministers will not be allowed to use red beacon lights on their vehicles.
prime minister modi decided to end vip culture by deciding to strike off the rule that allowed high dignitaries to use red beacons and flashers on their vehicles.
only defined emergency services such as ambulances, fire brigade and police vehicles will be allowed to use blue beacon lights atop their vehicles, finance minister arun jaitley told reporters here after the meeting of the union cabinet.
the prime minister took the decision and reported it to the union cabinet, jaitley said adding that the road transport ministry will make the necessary changes to the central motor vehicle rules, 1989 to implement the decision from may 1.
jaitley acknowledged that the public debate over the vip culture and red beacons perceived as a symbol of arrogance of the powerful were the reasons for taking the decision.
immediately after the cabinet meeting road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari got the red beacon atop is car removed and appealed to his colleagues to follow suit.
reports had it that the proposal to end the use of red beacons had been on the discussion table for more than a year.
last week, the prime minister's office had deliberated on the issue with officials from the road transport ministry.
the government is of the considered opinion that beacons on vehicles are perceived symbols of vip culture, and have no place in a democratic country.
they have no relevance whatsoever.
, an official statement said.
the aam aadmi party was the first elected government to withdraw the use of red beacons by its ministers.
more recently punjab chief minister amarinder singh had decided to do away with red beacons while uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath had banned use of hooters and sirens by ministers.
jaitley said to implement the decision the road transport ministry will have to delete rule 108 (1)(iii) of the central motor vehicle rules that allow use of red beacons by high dignitaries.
bjp sending signals to sena on govt-formation in maharashtranew delhi, oct 21, 2014 (pti): 21:00 istthe bjp continued to be in a dilemma on its strategy on government-formation in maharashtra sending signals to its estranged ally shiv sena that it was welcome to join hands with it but on its terms even as the sena leadership appeared to be ready for talks.
at the same time, the bjp also sent signals that it has other options available for government-formation.
on its part, shiv sena, which had breathed fire against bjp during the assembly poll campaign, has deputed two senior leaders for discussions with the bjp leadership, sources said.
anil desai, a rajya sabha member and subhash desai, another senior sena leader, arrived in delhi late in the night for discussions with the bjp leadership.
the bjp deferred the visit of home minister rajnath singh, who was chosen as a central observer for election of the leader of bjp legislature party in mumbai.
he will now go after the diwali, in an apparent move to work on back channels on the possibility of getting shiv sena back on bjp's terms, party sources said.
in the midst of hectic consultations on government- formation, senior bjp leader from maharashtra vilas mungantiwar gave a new twist to the leadership race by favouring union minister nitingadkari gadkari for the post of chief minister.
that the party has not closed the doors for shiv sena was evident from the remarks made by finance minister arun jaitley and the party's election incharge for maharashtra.
keeping all its options open, jaitley referred to the congratulatory telephone calls made by sena chief uddhav thackeray to prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah and some other leaders, saying that itself sends signals (of possibility of tie-up).
.
.
.
we have two proposals on hand.
sena has been a natural ally, ncp has announced unconditional support.
.
.
for bjp and sena to become allies in the maharashtra government could be a matter of course but if there is some difficulty that arises, you also have unconditional offer as far as ncp is concerned, he said.
jaitley said there have been not much talks with sena so far but emphasised that the two parties are still together in the central government and the municipal corporation in mumbai.
surely, in two out of the three tiers of government we are allies.
.
.
the fact that we are congratulating each other itself is a signal, he said.
bjp's maharashtra election in-charge om prakash mathur also made suggestions on the similar lines and said his party would be happy if natural ally sena comes back.
we think the party which has been with us for years.
.
.
if the natural ally, which was with us returns, we will be happy.
but if it doesn't, then all options are open in politics, mathur said.
bjp has won 122 seats in the 288-member state assembly, falling short of the majority mark by 23 seats.
sena has 63 seats while ncp has 41.
asked if he was ruling out an alliance with sharad pawar-led ncp, jaitley said, nothing is ever ruled out in politics.
.
.
when you are negotiating the party has a tight lip.
when pressed further he was saying no to ncp, he said, i am not saying yes to anyone.
the bjp and shiv sena were caught in a battle of nerves with the former making it clear that it will not blink first.
union minister and former bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari today met finance minister arun jaitley at the latter's residence and spent about half an hour with him to discuss the party's strategy ahead of government formation.
after the meeting gadkari left for nagpur to hold discussions with the rss top brass on its options ahead.
rss is keen that the saffron forces should united but have left it to the bjp to decide.
jaitley and gadkari are reported to have discussed the party's choices available in maharashtra.
ncp has already offered unconditional support to the bjp, but the saffron party has not decided on whether to accept it or not.
sources say that if shiv sena rides the high horse, the bjp may elect its leader and form a government and prove on the floor of the house its majority with the tacit or open support of ncp.
meanwhile, the name of bjp's maharashtra chief devendra fadnavis emerged as the front runner for the chief minister's post overcoming challenge from other veterans including eknath khadse and vinod tawde.
in the 288-member maharashtra assembly, bjp has won 123 seats, 22 short of a majority.
sena, which has emerged the second largest, bagged 63 seats.
ncp with 41 has already decided to extend outside support to bjp.
mumbai, dec 6, 2014, (pti) : 16:03 istmaharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis today allocated portfolios to the twenty-member council of ministers, including 10 of the shiv sena, who were inducted into his expanded cabinet.
the sena did not get any 'crucial' portfolios like home, revenue and water resources.
also, fadnavis had already made it clear that there won't be a post of deputy cm in his government.
the cabinet ministers who had taken oath yesterday were girish bapat (bjp), girish mahajan (bjp), diwakar raote (shiv sena), subhash desai (ss), ramdas kadam (ss), eknath shinde (ss), chandrashekhar bawankule (bjp), babanrao lonikar (bjp), dr deepak sawant (ss) and rajkumar badole (bjp).
subhash desai of the shiv sena, a close confidante of uddhav thackeray, was alloted the industries portfolio, previously held by bjp leader prakash mehta.
sena leader diwakar raote, currently a member of legislative council and former mumbai mayor, has been given the transport portfolio.
eknath shinde of sena, a third time mla and leader of opposition till yesterday will hold the charge of public works (including public undertakings) in the state ministry.
sena leader dr deepak sawant, who is currently an mlc, has been alloted public health and family welfare department.
ramdas kadam of sena, an mlc, and a former lop, has been made in-charge of environment portfolio.
bjp leader girish bapat, sixth term mla from kasba peth in pune has been alloted food, civil supplies and consumer protection, food and drugs administration and parliamentary affairs.
girish mahajan, fifth term bjp mla from jamner in jalgaon will hold charge of water resources.
chandrashekhar bawankule of bjp, who is a third term mla from kamptee in vidarbha has been alloted energy, new and renewable energy portfolio.
bjp leader babanrao lonikar, a third time mla and head of party's jalna district unit will hold charge of water supply and sanitation portfolios.
rajkumar badole, a second term mla from arjuni morgaon in bhandara and a staunch supporter of union minister nitingadkari gadkari will be in-charge of social justice and special assistance portfolio.
those sworn in as ministers of state were: ram shinde (bjp), vijay deshmukh (bjp), sanjay rathod (shiv sena), dada bhuse (ss), vijay shivtare (ss), deepak kesarkar (ss), raje amrish atram (bjp), ravindra waikar (ss), dr ranjit patil (bjp) and pravin pote (bjp).
deepak kesarkar, a former ncp mla who switched loyalties to the shiv sena ahead of the lok sabha polls will be mos for finance and rural development.
ravindra waikar of sena, a third term mla from jogeshwari here will be mos for housing, higher and technical education.
sanjay rathod, who is yavatmal district president of shiv sena and a third term mla from digras has been made mos for revenue department.
vijay shivtare of shiv sena who represents purandar assembly seat and is a second term mla, will be mos for water resources and water conservation department.
dada bhuse of sena, who is a third term mla from malegaon will be mos for co-operation department.
ram shinde, a bjp mla from karjat jamkhed seat will be mos for home (rural), marketing, public health and tourism.
vijay deshmukh of bjp, who is third term mla from north solapur seat will be mos for public works (public undertakings), transport, labour and textiles.
raje ambrishrao atram of bjp, who won from aheri, will be mos for tribal development.
dr ranjit patil, an mlc who represents amravati graduates constituency will be mos for home (urban), urban development, general administration, law and judiciary and parliamentary affairs.
pravin pote of bjp will be mos for industries and mining, environment, public works (excluding public undertaking).
'collect toll on nh-66 after completing works'feb 10, 2017, udupi,dhns 0:00 istthe bjp district unit members demanded that the toll be collected on nh-66 only after the completion of the proposed works by navyug constructions.
district bjp president mattaru ratnakar hegde said on thursday that toll should not be collected at sasthana and hejamadi junctions until the works proposed  which includes laying of service roads and construction of stormwater drains and footpaths in the area  are completed.
if at all the district administration permits for the toll collection, stringent protest will be taken by the party.
he said that according to the national highway officials, toll collection can be permitted after completion of 85  of the proposed works.
in padubidri, road construction works up to kilometres together is left incomplete.
in most of the areas, the service roads are not built.
the infrastructure is not provided.
he said the local mp shobha karandlaje has written a letter to union minister nitingadkari gadkari revealing the reality and also appealing for permitting the movement of vehicles of undivided dakshina kannada against toll collection.
he said the land acquisition taken up by the district administration is inappropriate and unscientific.
the district in-charge minister has not raised the issue in the assembly sessions although the matter is of grave importance.
asserting that the district administration and district in-charge minister have utterly failed to stop the sand scarcity problem, the bjp president alleged that the district in-charge minister is in deep sleep.
the district administration has failed to introduce a convenient sand policy at least in the non-crz areas.
ironically, the neighbouring districts have benefited, owing to ample sand availability in the district.
the illegal transport of sand to neighbouring districts is rampant.
besides the sand is also purchased from the neighbouring dakshina kannada at a high price.
there is a huge demand for sand and the development works are hampered, said the president.
the district administration should initiate immediate measures to simplify the rule pertaining to sand mining.
the party will take up a rigorous protest and also violate law by indulging in sand transport and distribution of sand to poor by extracting the sand from the blocks, hegde warned.
he demanded that the state government hasten the process and immediately embark upon formulating and passing the amendment bill for the smooth conduct of kambala.
press trust of india, new delhi, apr 19 2017, 19:44 istprime minister narendra modi today held a meeting with senior ministerial colleagues here, hours after the supreme court ordered restoring of criminal conspiracy charge against top bjp leaders l k advani, m m joshi and uma bharti in the babri masjid demolition case.
finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu were among those who attended the meeting, sources said.
the political situation in the country was understood to have been discussed at the meeting, the sources said but did not specify the issues.
the meeting took place hours after the apex court allowed the cbi plea to restore the criminal conspiracy charge against advani, joshi and bharti in the 1992 babri demolition case.
the top court also clubbed the trial in the matter pending against the leaders and 'karsevaks' and ordered day- to-day trial with the proceedings to be completed in two years.
we have allowed the cbi appeal against the allahabad high court judgement with certain directions, a bench comprising justices p c ghose and r f nariman said.
after the ruling, opposition demanded bharti's resignation from the cabinet but she refused to step down.
jaitley also virtually ruled out bharti's resignation and described as hypothetical the possibility of the sc ruling having any bearing in selection of candidates for presidential and vice presidential polls.
this case is going on since 1993.
somehow it is going on and no new situation has arisen.
so the situation which was prevailing will continue, jaitley told reporters.
he was asked whether the ruling would mean resignation of bharti, the minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, from the union cabinet and kalyan singh as rajasthan governor.
asked whether singh and bharti should resign following the charge sheet in the case, jaitley shot back, saying if that is the criteria then some of the current congress chief ministers will have to quit.
there have been ministers, there have been deputy prime ministers.
.
.
if charge sheet is the rule (to resign), then just calculate, how many congress chief ministers will (have to go), he said.
when asked whether today's apex court ruling will impact selection of candidates for the posts of president and vice president, jaitley merely said it is hypothetical.
while the term of president pranab mukherjee is coming to an end on july 24, the term of vice president hamid ansari ends on august 10.
there has been speculation that advani and joshi, both bjp veterans, could be considered as possible candidates for the two top constitutional posts.
but there has been no official word so far from the ruling nda in this regard.
dvs regrets state politics taking caste colournew delhi, jul 8, 2012, dhns : 1:01 istoutgoing chief minister d v sadananda gowda said on sunday regretted that the politics in the state was taking a caste colour.
speaking to reporters after submitting his resignation to bjp national president nitingadkari gadkari, he said caste politics, which was earlier restricted to north indian states like uttar pradesh and bihar, was now spreading its wings in the state too.
this is unfortunate and will not last long, he said.
however, gowda said, caste may be just one of the reasons for the political impasse in the state.
he dismissed suggestions that he was a victim of caste politics.
to a question whether the party betrayed him by removing him, despite giving corruption-free governance, he said the party has given me more than i expected.
i was made an mla, mp, state party president and now the chief minister.
what else can i expect?
several leaders like l k advani and nitingadkari gadkari have praised me for giving corruption-free administration, he said.
he said the party leaders had removed him after considering various factors.
caste is not the only factor for selecting a new leader, he said.
when asked what the actual reasons were, he said you have to ask the party high command for this.
when questioned whether his political guru yeddyurappa ditched him, he said: i had many gurus at various stages.
as i come from rss background, it is my first guru.
i am always loyal to rss as it brought me to this level.
mangaluru old port to get rs 50-crore dedicated berthmangaluru, august 27, 2015, dhns: 23:42 istmou signed between state govt and ut lakshadweepa memorandum of understanding (mou) was signed towards the construction of a dedicated berth at a cost of rs 50 crore at the port office at mangaluru old port on wednesday.
the mou between the government of karnataka and the administration of union territory of lakshadweep was signed by minister of textiles and ports baburao chinchansur and the union territory of lakshadweep administrator rajesh prasad.
the minister, who spoke after signing the memorandum, said that the construction of a jetty will facilitate a hassle-free transport of goods from mangaluru to lakshadweep.
after a meeting with union minister for shipping nitingadkari gadkari on monday, a memorandum was submitted to the state government to provide a relaxation in the implementation of the crz rules, so as to carry out the development works at ports, he added.
funds for projectalso, financial assistance of rs 200 crore will be provided for the integrated development of ports in the state including ais and radar installation, data information system, dredging work and amenities at the ports in the state.
an adb project worth rs 911 crore has been taken up towards the sustainable development of the coast, the minister said.
ut lakshadweep administrator rajesh prasad said that as there was a series of processes from providing a detailed project plan till the administrative approval, the initiation of work may take place only after six months.
the lakshadweep administration has also been carrying out the construction of a berth at kochi port.
the project will be implemented by the pwd.
as per the agreement, the funds will be deposited with the government of karnataka, said the administrator.
lakshadweep mp mohammed faizal said that a separate jetty was a long-pending demand of the people residing in lakshadweep, for the transport of daily commodities from the mangaluru port.
at present, the vessels bound to lakshadweep have to wait in queue, to load the goods at the port.
there is a lack of facilities such as shelters, toilets, and other amenities, he added.
the parliamentarian, meanwhile, requested the minister to construct temporary sheds, till the work was completed, to store the goods, which are now kept in the open wharf.
establish maritime boardmangaluru south legislator j r lobo urged the minister to set up a maritime board and an advisory committee towards construction of the jetty.
he also requested the minister to facilitate dredging on a regular basis, so that the minimum depth of seven metres can be maintained at the old port, which is the basic requirement for large vessels to anchor.
member of parliament nalin kumar kateel, mlc ivan dsouza, dakshina kannada additional deputy commissioner kumar and lakshadweep pwd executive engineer muhammad malik, mangalore port superintending engineer k r jambale and others were present on the occasion.
jd(u) to go it alone in upnew delhi, jan 4, dhns: 1:53 istafter the failure of seat sharing talks with the bjp, the janata dal (united) (jd(u)) has decided to go it alone in uttar pradesh and contest all the seats in the next months assembly polls in the state.
the jd(u) plans to contest the up elections on the poll plank of the party chief minister nitish kumars performance in bihar.
jd(u) president sharad yadav told media persons here on wednesday how his talks with senior bjp leaders like nitingadkari gadkari, rajnath singh and sanjay joshi yielded no results and the bjp declared candidates for those seats which were demanded by the jdu.
however, yadav made it clear that failure of seat sharing talks in up would not have any bearing on partys alliance with bjp in bihar and at the national level.
he said that the party was extremely comfortable with bjp in bihar.
the jd(u) president also refused comment on post-poll alliance with bjp in up.
he indicated a full scale poll battle in the state.
the jd(u) secretary general kc tyagi has been appointed in-charge of the polls in up.
sharad yadav further claimed that the bsp and sp ground level workers were dismayed with their leadership and approaching the jd(u).
he said these workers had long been associated with the jd(u) and its erstwhile political formations.
yadav slammed all the political parties for giving tickets to tainted candidates in up polls.
i am confident that we will get parliament nod on the new bill in the next session.
seeking to come down heavily on traffic offenders, the government today proposed steep penalties of up to rs 3 lakh along with a minimum 7-year imprisonment for death of a child in certain circumstances, besides huge fines for driving violations.
in realising 'make in india' dream, one of the biggest hurdles has been with the launch of this e-portal.
it will save time by offering an opportunity to save time and avoid transit delays in movement of equipment of national importance by modular hydraulic axle trailers, he said.
apart from this massive digitalisation initiative, the government has ensured installation of electronic tolling systems across 108 toll plazas in the country.
by march, 350 toll plazas will not only be converted into electronic toll booths but would be fitted with electronic weighing machines, he said, adding that the initiative would result in savings to the tune of over rs 70,000 crore per annum on account of fuel consumption and delays at toll plazas.
earlier, he said the government's emphasis was to promote waterways across the nation as india still lagged in utilising its waterways in comparison to countries like china which transported 44 per cent of its cargo through the mode in comparison to barely 3.
3 per cent here.
government is committed to develop four waterways at present, including varanasi-haldia, where work would begin in next two months besides paradip, delhi-agra and brahmaputra stretch, he added.
the asian development bank is ready to fully finance a bridge-building project connecting rameshwaram to sri lanka.
the project was also discussed by prime minister narendra modi with his counterpart during the latters recent visit, the minister said in a suo motu statement in the lok sabha.
india has inked a pact with bangladesh, bhutan and nepal for seamless flow of traffic and passenger vehicles.
if the government is able to build a sea-bridge and tunnel to sri lanka, it will help promote connectivity in the south asian region.
the india-sri lanka connectivity project cost is pegged at about rs 24,000 crore.
a major milestone was the signing of the bangladesh bhutan india nepal motor vehicles agreement in thimphu to facilitate seamless movement of passenger and cargo vehicles in the region, he said.
once other agreements are operationalised, the dream of seamless movement of all types of vehicles between saarc and asean nations will become a reality and i hope this will happen soon, he said.
in order to fulfil the need to promote seamless road transportation and social and technical collaboration for closer regional economic cooperation, he said his ministry has taken the initiative for cross-border passenger transportation and several new bus services on many routes have been started between india, bangladesh and nepal.
these include: delhi-kathmandu, varanasi-kathmandu, kolkata-agartala via dhaka and guwahati-shillong-dhaka routes.
govt plans to build 30 kms a day roads in two years: gadkarinew delhi, mar 9, 2015, (pti): 15:28 istgovernment plans to lay 30 kms of roads per day in the next two years, up from the current level of 11 kms a day, rajya sabha was informed today.
we want to build 30 kms of road in the next two years, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said while replying to a question during question hour.
at present, 11 kms of road are being laid each day which is likely to go up to 15 kms by the end of march this year, he said.
to another question, the minister said the toll collected on the delhi-agra highway by da toll road, which is an spv of reliance infra, was being kept in an escrow account following a cag report.
in december last year, the cag report had said by the end of august 2013, da toll road collected a toll amounting to rs 120 crore.
the minister also said that national highways authority of india (nhai) has been facing serious delays in project completion on account of various factors including land accquisition, environment and forest clearance.
the government would come out with a new model agreement for road projects, the minister said.
efforts were on to bring down the burden of toll on the common people and a report in this regard would be put up before the cabinet to see what relief could be given, he said.
chikkamagaluru, jan 12, 2017, dhns 23:55 istmla d n jeevaraj on wednesday urged the state government to declare the district as drought-hit as the district has been witnessing worst ever drought situation.
addressing reporters here, the mla, who is also the president of bjp district unit, took exception for including only moodigere and nr pura taluks as drought-affected, exempting sringeri, koppa and tarikere.
had a study been conducted to assess average rainfall received in the three taluks, the government would have been forced to include them in the list, he felt.
jeevaraj said that though the government has released a list of drought-hit taluks, adequate relief amount eludes works in toto.
though the government has fixed rs 60 lakh for each such taluks, it still proves meagre in chikkamagaluru taluk alone where 49 gram panchayats and three town panchayats have to share the amount, that can be calculated at less than rs one lakh for each of the local bodies.
such will be the hurdle that it would become difficult even to sink borewells utilising existing amount to address scarcity of drinking water under the same head.
he also expressed displeasure over the district administration not heeding his advise of buying feed from farmers who own irrigation pumpsets, after distributing seeds to them.
this would have helped in addressing scarcity of fodder, with the livestock already in pathetic state.
he demanded for revoking decision on prohibiting new borewells, which might otherwise prompt farmers to take extreme step like committing suicide.
at the same time, jeevaraj said that former deputy chief minister r ashok kumar-led team of bjp leaders who are part of the drought study team will visit the district on january 17.
the team is expected to visit moodigere, kadur and tarikere taluks.
jeevaraj criticised congress-led state government for blaming the centre, undermining the issues back home.
the state did not release even a single pie under appendix-c of public works department (pwd) during the previous year.
following this, no works could be taken up and also, this is a first such negligence in the history of the state.
if gone by prevailing situation, the lackadaisical attitude of the government may continue this year too, he added.
forest dept says no to road worksmla d n jeevaraj on wednesday said that forest department has come in the way of s k border-sringeri road works planned at a cost of rs 28 crore, citing threat to wildlife.
jeevaraj said that union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has already released rs 28 crore towards the work.
following this, as is the criterion, two acres of revenue land was handed over to forest department in exchange, besides remitting relief amount to the government.
however, in a recent meeting of high-level officials held at the chief ministers home office krishna in bengaluru, the officials have refused permission, citing threat to free movement of wild animals at the site in question.
jeevaraj, who blamed the state for not releasing grants for the works, accused them of coming in way of taking up works under central grants too.
most of the vacancies in sringeri taluk remains to be filled, he added.
battle of nerves continues in mumbaimumbai: feb 25, 2017, dhns: 0:58 istthe battle of nerves for the mayoral seat of mumbai continued on friday with the shiv sena and the bjp trying to garner as much support as possible.
however, the easiest option is for the both the saffron parties to come together with a long-lasting, power-sharing formula.
the mayoral elections of the 227-ward brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is likely to be held on march 9  four days after the budget session of maharashtra legislature commences.
the shiv sena, which won 84 seats at the bmc, garnered some support when tulsidas shinde and snehal more, who won as independents  both contested as rebels  met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and joined the party.
another independent, changez multani, also met him and extended support to the shiv sena.
mumbai bjp president ashish shelar claimed the support of four independents in addition to the partys strength of 81.
however, he did not name them.
asked about his stand on the mayoral polls, thackeray said, we have not thought about it yet.
i am happy, i am celebrating, we all are celebrating.
after all, for the fifth time that we have emerged as the largest party.
shipping, highways and road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari feels that both the parties need to come together.
the situation now is that both parties (the bjp and shiv sena) have no option but to come together again.
the decision of course, he said, has to be taken by devendra fadnavis and uddhav thackeray.
pm pays tributes to ambedkar at deekshabhoomi in nagpurnagpur, apr 14, 2017, press trust of india apr 14 2017, 15:50 istprime minister narendra modi pays tribute to dr bhimrao ambedkar on his 126th birth anniversary at dikshabhoomi in nagpur of maharashtra on friday.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari and maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis are also seen.
pti photoprime minister narendra modi today paid tributes to dr babasaheb ambedkar on his 126th birth anniversary at deekshabhoomi in nagpur.
after paying floral tributes at the hallowed precincts, where the dalit icon and architect of the constitution embraced buddhism in 1956 with his large number of followers, modi prayed for a few minutes with folded hands.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis was also present.
ahead of his visit, modi tweeted yesterday that he was extremely honoured to be visiting nagpur, on the very special occasion of ambedkar jayanti.
on a day-long visit to the second capital of maharashtra, modi is also to dedicate to the nation 14 units of thermal power plants at koradi, chandrapur and parli with a total capacity of 3,230 mw.
these include three super-critical units with 660 mw each at koradi, two of 500 mw each at chandrapur, and one of 250 mw at parli.
a series of development projects are going to be inaugurated in nagpur, which will have a positive impact on people's lives, modi had said in another tweet yesterday.
the development projects include iiit, iim & aiims and launch of koradi thermal power station.
will also address a public meeting, he said.
we are unwavering in our efforts towards creating a strong, prosperous & inclusive india of dr ambedkars dreams, modi said.
the pm later in the day will join the culmination of the digidhan mela, where he will present awards to the mega draw winners of lucky grahak yojna and digidhan vyapar yojna.
'he will also address a public rally at mankapur in nagpur.
no shortage of funds for road works, says gadkarimangaluru: mar 28, 2016, dhns 23:19 istunion minister for surface transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari announced karkala-moodbidri-bc road stretch, bc road-kaikamba-kateel-mulki road and thokkottu-mudipu-melkar road as new national highways in the district.
he was speaking after laying foundation stone for laying of three major road works at an estimated cost of rs 2,358 crore and dedicating the road overbridge (rob) at bykampady and bantwal and already-completed shiradi ghat stretch here at panambur on monday.
he said the ministry of road transport has given in-principle approval for these new national highways.
the 44-km-long karkala-moodbidri-bc road will be developed at a cost of rs 220 crore and 51-km long bc road-kaikamba-kateel-mulki road will be developed at a cost of rs 255 crore.
the 28-km-long four-laning of thokkottu-mudipu-melkar stretch will be taken up at a cost of rs 280 crore, he added.
the minister said there is no shortage of funds for road development.
however, there is a lack of vision and commitment for the development of roads in the country.
infrastructre should be development to generate employment and thereby, eradicate poverty in the country, he added.
relaxtion of normsin a bid to upgrade road infrastructure, the norms for four-laning of national highways has been brought down to 10,000 passenger car units (pcus) from the existing 25,000 pcus.
the relaxed norms, rolled out by the ministry of road transport and highways are part of the nh upgradation, he added.
the ministry of road transport and highways has given preference to lay concrete roads in the country.
the ministry has booked 95,000 lakh tonne cement for the purpose.
by may 26 (anniversary of the nda government), the ministry wants to reach the target of work order for road works by rs 2 lakh crore.
i have promised chief minister of karnataka that the ministry will invest rs 1 lakh crore for road construction in the state during the five-year term.
i am committed to the promise, he added.
port connectivityhe said the ministry has given thrust on the improving port connectivity.
for the first time in the history, all 12 major ports and three flagship organisations of the ministry, including shipping corporation of india has fetched a profit of rs 6,000 crore.
the target is to increase the profit to rs 10,000 crore next year.
before may 26, the work on modernination, mechanisation and computerisation of all major ports will be taken up.
the work on three major ports  one at colachel in tamil nadu, sagar in west bengal and at dahanur in maharashtra will be taken up this year  he added.
waterwayshe said there are plans to convert 111 rivers across the country into waterways.
the country is has to harness waterways as the medium of cargo and passenger movement.
the ministry will take up the work on 40 water ports, including 20 floating ports shortly, he promised.
by promoting water transport, logistics cost, which was 18 per cent in india as compared to barely 8-10 per cent in china and 10-12 per cent in european countries, will come down significantly.
indias waterways can contribute at least two per cent to the countrys gdp in the future, he added.
new worksgadkari laid the foundation stone for three major road works on the occasion.
they are widening the nh-75 into a four lane between hassan to maranahally and addahole (near gundya) to bantwal cross section of nh 75.
the third package was to strengthen 21-km stretch on shiradi ghat and laying rigid pavement of the 12.
38-km on the shiradi ghat stretch.
the 45.
148-km long stretch from hassan to maranahally will be taken up at a cost ofrs 984.
50 crore.
the stretch will have two major bridges, six minor bridges and one toll plaza.
the 63.
052-km-long stretch from addahole to bantwal cross section will be taken up at a cost of rs 1,260 crore.
the stretch will have two major bridges, 15 minor bridges and one toll plaza.
the estimated cost of all the three road works is rs 2,358 crore.
nda to boycott pc over 2glast updated: 21 november, 2011new delhi, november 21, dhns: 1:23 istalliance to prevent chidambaram from speaking in parliamentsigns of a direct confrontation between the opposition and the united progressive alliance (upa) loom large over the winter session of parliament with the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) deciding to boycott home minister p chidambaram over the 2g issue.
the decision to target the home minister by not allowing him to speak either in the lok sabha or the rajya sabha till he quits, came after the meeting of the nda leaders at the residence of senior leader l k advani on monday.
they demanded prime minister manmohan singh to seek chidambarams resignation for being part of a conspiracy involving 2g allocation.
chidambaram was the finance minister in 2008 during the allocation of scarce spectrum and his role in the scam has been a bone of contention.
on the opening day of the month-long session today, the left parties will move an adjournment motion on the issue of price rise to which the nda has declared support.
in the lok sabha, the motion will be placed by gurudas dasgupta of the cpi.
the bjp will back the adjournment motion on price rise to be moved by the left, bjp leader s s ahluwalia said.
the bjp has plans to rake up issues like corruption and black money allegedly stashed away by indians in foreign banks.
earlier in the day, a nda parliamentary party meeting was held at advanis residence to fine tune its strategy for the session and finalise the declaration to be given by mps of the alliance stating that they had no illegitimate assets or accounts abroad.
bjp president nitingadkari gadkari indicated in a television interview that a no-confidence motion could also be tabled in the session as the upa has lost its credibility.
there is resistance within the bjp to such a move, party sources said.
the congress-led (upa) is seeking to counter the opposition by bringing a number of positive legislation, including the much-debated lokpal bill and judicial standards and accountability bill, during the session.
according to upa leaders, the government is looking for a constructive session.
the winter session will have 21 sittings spread over 30 days.
thirty per cent of the driving licences in the country are bogus.
he was addressing the grand finale of 'smart india hackathon 2017'.
the minister also said it will be made mandatory for regional transport office (rto) to issue licence within three days of a person clearing the driving test.
information of the licence holder will be available across the nation and he/she will not be able to register bogus licences anywhere.
the senior bjp leader also informed that 28 driving examination centres have been opened and 2,000 more will come up.
if the rto does not issue the driving licence within three days of the test, then action will be taken against the rto.
this will facilitate transparency and corruption free work.
similarly, cameras will be installed at traffic signals which will reduce the need for physical presence of policemen, he said.
engineers are responsible for 50 percent of the road accident deaths.
the wrong designs of road engineering is a matter of concern, he added.
the cabinet yesterday approved the amendments in the motor vehicles (amendment) bill, 2016.
bjp tells k'taka rebels to shun differencesnew delhi, jun 28, 2012, dhns : 1:08 istthe bjp top brass on thursday sternly told warring factions in partys karnataka unit to sink their differences till presidential poll is over next month.
the party core committee, comprising senior leaders, met here to discuss the presidential elections scheduled on july 19, did not formally discuss the karnataka political developments.
at the end of the meeting, chaired by party president nitingadkari gadkari and attended by other senior leaders, including l k advani, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar and murali manohar joshi, one of the participants tried to raise the karnataka issue.
however, he was told by others that the issue should not be taken up till the completion of the presidential elections, fearing it would divert the attention.
after the core committee meeting, ananth kumar told reporters that the meeting discussed only presidential poll and karnataka issue did not come up.
however, gadkari briefly discussed karnataka developments with senior leaders arun jaitley and ananth kumar and karnatakas party general secretary dharmendra pradhan.
though what exactly transpired at the meeting is not known, sources said that leaders have decided to issue stern instruction to state leaders to adhere to the party discipline and not to hold any meetings or issue public statements.
interestingly, gowda, who had planned to rush to national capital along with 12 of his trusted ministers in a charted plane on thursday afternoon, was forced to abort following advice by national leaders.
dismissing the theory of possible replacement of gowda immediately, the sources said that the chief minister pressed panic button and was rushing to delhi to present his case.
he was not summoned by the party top brass, the sources added.
however, they said that the national leaders are seized with the dissident activities in the state unit and will work out a solution soon.
state unit president k s eshwarappa, who landed here in the evening, on his way to uttarkhand tour on friday, met dharmendra pradhan late in the night and explained the current political situation.
however, eshwarappa did not meet gadkari as the latter left for nagpur after the meeting.
speaking to reporters, eshwarappa said there is no change of guard in the state and sadananda gowda will continue as the chief minister.
terming media reports that gowda will be replaced with rural development minister jagadish shettar or himself, he said it was mere a speculation and there is no truth in it.
bengaluru, jan 31, 2016 (pti) 21:02 istdelhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today said he would write to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari asking him to withdraw a clause from central rules, which mandates class 8 as minimum qualification for getting a driver's licence.
in the capacity of delhi chief minister, i will write a letter to the central government and try to talk, asking for a speedy withdrawal of the clause from the central motor vehicles rules (amendment).
i will try to meet gadkariji and apprise him of the difficulties auto drivers could face, he said addressing auto drivers here.
there is a huge opposition from auto drivers in bengaluru over a new regulation that mandates class 8 as minimum qualification for getting a driver's licence.
prime minister narendra modi should listen to the problems of the auto drivers and solve them, the aap leader said.
attacking the centre, kejriwal said the ease of doing business will not happen by sitting with ambanis and adanis alone, but happen by sitting with common people, shopkeepers, small industrialists, autowallahs and poor people.
new delhi, may 26, 2016, dhns 0:52 istcentre will issue notification on june 2all public transport buses in the country will soon have to install emergency buttons, cctvs and gps-enabled tracking devices to ensure safety of women commuters.
the ministry of road transport and highways will come out with a notification to this effect on june 2.
to ensure safety of women after the unfortunate nirbhaya incident, we have decided to make it mandatory for public transport buses in the country to install emergency devices, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said here on wednesday.
he was speaking after launching a pilot project under which the rajasthan state road transport corporation will run 10 luxury and 10 ordinary roadways buses fitted with emergency buttons and cctv cameras, here.
the centre had sanctioned 50  funds for the pilot project.
earlier this month, the road transport ministry had issued these draft rules under the motor vehicles act and had sought comments from stakeholders, including vehicle manufacturers.
as per the proposed notification, transport vehicles with a seating capacity of over 23 passengers will compulsorily have cctv cameras that will be connected to the global positioning system and will be monitored by the local police control room.
the minister said that in case of any untoward incident, a woman passenger would be able to press the emergency button which in turn will transfer the information to the nearest local police station via the gps.
once the emergency signal is triggered, the cctv cameras will start displaying live footage of the bus at the central control room.
besides, if a vehicle deviates from its prescribed route (monitored through gps), the system will start sending signals tracking its movement to the control room.
minister of transport for rajasthan yunus khan said all buses in rajasthan will soon be equipped with such devices.
under the initiative, the emergency button can be used by passengers to alert the officials.
cong to dig heels over gadkari's resignation demandnew delhi, may 8, 2015, (pti): 21:15 istthe demand for resignation of union minister nitingadkari gadkari is expected to gain momentum with congress today signalling that it would dug its heels on the issue in parliament next week.
mood of the house is to persist with the demand.
government is playing with fire by ignoring the opposition, congress spokesman abhishek singhvi told reporters on a day when rajya sabha was rocked over the issue.
singhvi merely said he could talk for the day, when asked whether the remaining three days of the budget session would be a stormy affair.
the upper house failed to transact any business as opposition congress created ruckus, demanding resignation of gadkari in the wake of a cag report that alleged irregularities involving loan extended to his family-linked purti group.
singhvi recalled how the bjp while in opposition had not allowed parliament to function for several days to press for the resignation of the then telecom minister a raja when the 2g spectrum controversy had broken.
taking a dig at the bjp, he noted that before ink had dried on the cag report on 2g, parliament was not allowed to function over the demand for resignation of raja.
he said now the bjp was singing different tune that the report of the cag cannot be discussed in the house and therefore, the demand of the opposition was not proper.
signalling to give bjp back in the same coin, he recalled that the party when in opposition was most obstructive in parliament.
now suddenly bjp is struck with amnesia.
a senior congress leader, who declined to be identified, made it plain that if the government wants passage of the bills in parliament next week, the resignation of gadkari should come.
it is gadkari or bills, he remarked at a time when important bills like gst and land acquisition bills are pending.
when the test has come, the bjp should walk the talk.
why there is a great hiatus between principles and practise, he asked the ruling party.
parliament is expected to be rocked next week with the congress today insisting on resignation of gadkari.
in the rajya sabha, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said, this is not a question of allegation against an individual mp or minister.
this is a cag report.
this is a cag report against a company he was heading.
having been indicted he cannot continue as a minister, the congress leader said.
ex-ias officer k j alphons joins bjplast updated: 24 march, 2011new delhi, march 24, pti: 23:11 istfirebrand former bureaucrat k j alphons, who rose to fame for razing illegal constructions in the capital in the 1990s, joined the bjp on thursday in the presence of party president nitingadkari gadkari.
alphons, who had resigned from the ias in 2006 and won the kanjirappally assembly constituency in kottayam district of kerala as an independent candidate just 32 days after quitting service, told reporters that he is joining the bjp as he was most impressed with the partys development agenda.
the former bureaucrat, who had won the elections with left support, resigned from his assembly seat a couple of hours before he joined the bjp.
i have great faith in the ability of india.
i see bjp on the path of development, alphons said.
gadkari took the initiative to bring alphons into the party.
both of them have a similar view on politics of development.
i am also appointing him as a member of the partys national executive.
he will be involved with the preparation of the partys india vision document as well, he said.
alphons was declared as one of the 100 young global leaders by time magazine in 1994.
bjp still silent on issuelast updated: 01 july, 2011new delhi, july 1, dhns: 0:19 istsenior bjp leaders who interacted with civil rights activist anna hazare and his team here on friday supported a strong lokpal bill but did not clarify their stand on key issues like inclusion of the prime minister and the judiciary under the proposed institution.
bjp spokesman ravishankar prasad cautioned that the lokpal bill should not undermine the basic structure of the constitution.
he said mps should come under the lokpal but they should be allowed to function freely in the parliament.
prasad said lokpal should not become an instrument at the hands of the centre to trouble the state governments and thereby tamper the federal feature of the state.
hazare and his team met bjp leaders lk advani, murli manohar joshi, sushma swaraj, rajnath singh, venkaiah naidu, ravi shankar prasad, ananth kumar, jaswant singh and arun jaitley.
bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari was not present.
the bill will come in parliament.
we met the senior bjp leaders to bring a strong and effective lokpal.
we appraised them on the two drafts of the bill and the difference between the two versions, hazare said.
we have assured the civil rights group of bjp's support for an effective lokpal bill, said prasad.
bjplp meeting: dvs puts onus on central leadershipbangalore, june 20, 2012, dhns: 1:16 istsadananda buys time as bsy camps deadline for meeting nearsthe crisis in the state bjp, following the demand by the yeddyurappa camp that a legislature party meet be called, continued on wednesday with chief minister d v sadananda gowda stating that he would take a decision on the issue only after consulting the partys central leadership.
i have no hesitation to call the meeting.
but the permission of the party central leadership is a must to convene it, gowda told reporters.
gowdas contention was strongly refuted by yeddyurappa and his associates.
the former chief minister broke his silence on the issue and said: there is no need to take the permission of the central leadership.
the bjplp provides a forum for legislators to place their views.
there is severe drought in the state.
the administrative machinery needs to gear up.
the bjplp meeting must be convened immediately, yeddyurappa said.
the deadline set by the yeddyurappa camp to convene the meeting ends on friday.
however, gowda  by stating that he wants to consult the central leadership  seems to be buying time on meeting the demand of the yeddyurappa camp.
for, the central leaders are busy with the presidential polls and party national president nitingadkari gadkari is camping in nagpur for his sons marriage, scheduled for june 24.
the central leadership has no time to discuss the karnataka crisis.
the game plan of the yeddyurappa camp is to seek a leadership change at the bjplp and elect rural development and panchayat raj minister jagadish shettar, a lingayat, as the new chief minister.
the camp is of the opinion that it will be beneficial to have a lingayat chief minister in the run-up to the assembly polls, as the party considers the community its vote base.
the group held a meeting at yeddyurappas residence on wednesday to discuss its next course of action.
support for pranabyeddyurappa said upa nominee for the presidential polls, pranab mukherjee, was a suitable man for the post, but that the bjp central leadership would take an appropriate decision on the issue.
being a bjp leader, how can i support pranab mukherjee?
he is a suitable man for the post, but i have my limitations, he said.
gowda hits back at harishgowda hit back at party mla b p harish for his remarks against him.
gowda said: i do not think i should react to such people.
i do not want to stoop to that level.
we have many issues to attend to and we should not pay attention to such remarks.
he said he had discussed about harishs statements with the state chief of the party, k s eshwarappa.
the party would take an appropriate decision at an appropriate time in this regard, he said.
on the high court of karnataka quashing the state governments decision to supersede the belgaum city corporation, the chief minister said he would soon hold a meeting with ministers and officials concerned and take an appropriate decision.
prime minister narendra modi on sunday inaugurated the first phase of the rs 7,500-crore delhi-meerut expressway that will reduce the travel time considerably.
modi, after inaugurating the 14-lane highway spanning sarai kale khan in delhi to up gate, rode in an open car, waving at crowds gathered on either side of the highway.
road transport and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari too rode in a separate open car alongside modi.
the roadshow started from nizamuddin bridge, the start of the about 9-km first leg of the delhi-meerut expressway.
after a 6-km travel on the stretch, he flew to baghpat in uttar pradesh to inaugurate the country's first smart and green highway, the eastern peripheral expressway.
watch: pm narendra modi holds road show after inauguration of first phase of delhi-meerut expressway.
union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and mansukh mandaviya also present pic.
twitter.com/k1ob5krvua  ani (@ani) may 27, 2018the first phase of the delhi-meerut expressway cost rs 842 crore on building the 9-km stretch of 14-lane highway, according to an advertisement released by the government on the project.
the delhi-meerut expressway, which will have dedicated bicycle tracks on the nearly 28-km stretch between delhi and dasna, will cut travel time between delhi and meerut to 45 minutes from two-and-half hour now.
the total length of the project is 82 km, of which the first 27.
74 kms will be 14-laned, while the rest will be 6-lane expressway.
the expressway will do away with 31 traffic signals on the delhi-meerut road, the busiest highway in the region, and make it signal free.
modi had in december 2015 laid the foundation stone of the delhi-meerut expressway to be built at a cost of rs 7,566 crore.
the project is being built in four segments -- nizamuddin bridge to up border, up border to dasna, dasna to hapur and hapur to meerut.
besides, six-laning of 22 km long dasna-hapur section of nh 24 will cost rs 1,122 crore.
bjp stakes claim to form govt in goa under manohar parrikarpanaji, mar 12, 2017 (pti) 20:57 istparrikar will be the chief minister of the coalition government.
he called upon governor mridula sinha in evening with the letters of support from three members each of the goa forward party (gfp), the maharashtrawadi gomkantak party (mgp), two independents and lone ncp mla, taking the tally of the coalition to 22.
pti file photostealing a march on the congress, the bjp led by defence minister manohar parrikar today staked claim to form the next government in goa under his leadership, with the support of the ncp, smaller outfits and independents.
parrikar will be the chief minister of the coalition government.
he called upon governor mridula sinha in evening with the letters of support from three members each of the goa forward party (gfp), the maharashtrawadi gomkantak party (mgp), two independents and lone ncp mla, taking the tally of the coalition to 22.
with this, the bjp which has won 13 seats has cobbled up the requisite number needed to reach the magic figure in the 40-member house which had thrown up a hung verdict, though the congress has emerged the single largest party with 17 seats.
gfp leader vijai sardesai told media persons they are extending support to the bjp to provide stable government in the coastal state.
we are supporting bjp to have stability in the government.
we don't want development of the state to hinder due to instability, he said.
the mgp leader sudin dhavalikar said his party has supported the bjp on the condition that only parrikar heads the state government.
we have given the letter of support to the bjp only because of parrikar.
without him, we would not have supported the bjp to form the next government, he said.
state party unit chief vinay tendulkar said, the bjp central leadership has agreed on parrikar to head the bjp legislature wing following which the decision to stake claim to form government was taken.
new delhi/hyderabad:jan 31, 2016, dhns 2:00 istseveral union ministers and bjp leaders on saturday described congress vice-president rahul gandhis second visit to the university of hyderabad (uoh) within a span of two weeks as an attempt to gain political mileage out of an unfortunate incident, the suicide of dalit scholar rohith vemula.
rahul, who undertook a day-long fast along with the agitating students, said rohith was killed by the same forces that killed mahatma gandhi.
union ministers and bjp leaders accused him of doing politics over the death and wondered why he offered no condolences when nine dalit students of the institute ended their lives during the upa rule.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said rahul never bothered to visit the campus or offer condolences when nine students committed suicide.
he told opposition parties to wait for the report of the judicial commission probe ordered by the centre.
the congress is shedding crocodile tears simply to gain political mileage.
the congress and communist parties are trying to make this a political issue and making a beeline to the university, forgetting that nine such incidents happened during the upa rule, he said.
the government has set up a judicial commission and peace has come to the hyderabad campus.
at such a time, rahul gandhi is doing politics there.
while seeking to side with students, he should not make the university a den of political activity.
he should not engage in any agitation and should think about the future of students there, that is my appeal to him, he said.
rural development minister birender singh said the party that was reduced from 206 mps to 44 mps after the lok sabha polls is politicising every issue and there is nothing new in it.
bjp national secretary shrikant sharma said rahuls protests reflected his partys frustration because its leaders were facing corruption charges.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra said it is not a dalit versus non-dalit issue but a classic case of trying to score political brownie points.
rahul gandhis characteristic way of functioning was to shun responsibility and gatecrash into others protests.
.
.
the way he has shown insensitivity is the reason why i say he and responsibility cannot travel together, he said.
patra added that rahul had chosen not to speak about the malda violence and the warangal congress leader accused of killing his daughter-in-law.
defending rahul, congress spokesperson ajay maken said, union minister dattatreya wrote to hrd minister irani against the dalit students following complaint from the abvp president.
the hrd minister wrote as many as five letters to the university.
if this is not politicisation, what else is?
pokhriyal to be eased out soonlast updated: 09 september, 2011dehradun, sep 9, dhns: 0:46 istbjp to project khanduri as uttarakhand cm before polls later this yearthe bjp parliamentary board has ''in principle'' decided to replace uttarakhand chief minister ramesh pokhriyal with (retd lt gen) b c khanduri as the state goes to the polls later this year.
the move is piloted by party president nitingadkari gadkari, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley and former party president and incharge of uttarakhand rajnath singh.
the change, which has the blessings of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, is expected to be effected by the next week, according to sources.
asked about the change, leader of opposition in the lok sabha sushma swaraj on friday said: no decision has been taken.
as it happen we will let you know.
good administratorkhanduri, a former chief minister of the state and ex-road and transport minister in the vajpayee government, is considered a good administrator.
it is understood that some of the key leaders, including sushma swaraj, were in favour of projecting pokhriyal as the chief minister in the next assembly elections but the party chief vetoed it.
the congress has charged the pokhriyal government with indulging in rampant corruption, including in land and mining deals.
he was replying to a supplementary question by the biju janata dal mp, b mahtab.
he said that it was the stand of the bjp-led nda government that what was perceived as ram setu would not be broken to pursue the sethusamudram project.
our government has a very clear stand on this issue, he added.
the sethusamudram project is intended to build a shipping channel between india and sri lanka, linking palk bay and gulf of manner.
the project got entangled in controversies with questions being raised about its economic viability and environmental impact.
several organizations opposed the project on the ground that it would cause damage to the ram setu  a chain of limestone shoals, between rameswaram island, off the southeastern coast of tamil nadu and mannar island off the northwestern coast of sri lanka.
there is another proposal pending before the supreme court.
yet another proposal triggered some concerns about environmental impact, he said.
new delhi, nov 1, 2014, (pti) 17:08 ista delhi court today issued a bailable warrant against congress leader digvijay singh for his failure to appear before it in connection with a criminal defamation case filed against him by bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari only to cancel it after he turned up.
metropolitan magistrate gomati manocha cancelled the bailable warrant against singh after he appeared before the court around 3 pm and requested it to withdraw the warrant.
he gave an undertaking to the court that he would personally appear before it on the next date of hearing on november 10.
earlier in the day, around 12 noon, when the matter came up for hearing, singh's counsel moved a plea seeking exemption from personal appearance for the day.
the court, however, dismissed his plea and issued bailable warrant against singh after the application was opposed by advocates ajay digpaul and balendu shekhar, who appeared for gadkari.
it also directed union minister of road transport and highways gadkari, who had filed the plea in 2012, to be present in the court on november 10, warning that his plea would be dismissed if he fails to appear on that day.
issue bailable warrant in the sum of rs 10,000 with one surety of the like amount against the accused (singh) for november 10, 2014.
.
.
, the magistrate said.
the complainant (gadkari) is directed to appear in person positively on the ndoh (next date of hearing), failing which complaint shall be dismissed, the court said.
the defamation case was filed by gadkari against singh, who had alleged that the former bjp chief had business links with the then mp ajay sancheti.
singh was earlier granted bail in the case by the court which, after finding prima facie evidence against him, had directed him to appear before it to face trial for the offence punishable under section 499 (defamation) and 500 (punishment for defamation) of the ipc.
it was also alleged in the complaint that singh had accused gadkari of pocketing sum to the tune of rs 490 crore in the coal block allocation to sancheti.
gadkari, in his statement recorded in the court, had denied having any business ties with sancheti and had said that singh levelled totally false and defamatory allegations against him to give the impression that i have been responsible for allocation of the coal mines to sancheti.
the bjp leader, in his petition, had sought singh's prosecution under sections 499 and 500 of the ipc.
in his petition, gadkari had alleged that singh had levelled defamatory allegations against him to lower his dignity and to malign and tarnish his image.
bangalore, july 2, 2012, pti 11:08 istthe rebel group, which triggered a fresh crisis last week with nine of their ministers quitting to pile up pressure to remove chief minister d v sadananda gowda, has been invited for talks in new delhi by the party's central leadership.
announcing this after a meeting at rebel leader yeddyurappa's residence, rural development and panchayat raj minister jagadish shettar said the party high-command has assured that a decision on the leadership issue would be taken in the next two-three days.
the party's central leaders told the ministers to withdraw their resignations and come to delhi for talks so that it creates a conducive atmosphere for taking a good decision, said shettar, who is yeddyurappa faction's nominee for chief ministership.
shettar, who belongs to the majority lingayat community as yeddyurappa, was one of the nine ministers who had quit.
following the party leadership's assurance, it was decided to withdraw the resignations, he added.
basavaraja bommai, one of the nine ministers, said the decision to withdraw the resignation was taken as per advice and guidance of yeddyurappa to create a good atmosphere and give a free hand to the high-command and take a free, fair and amicable decision.
he said shettar and all the important ministers had been invited for talks in delhi and in all probability they would leave for the national capital this afternoon.
bommai sought to downplay the july five deadline set yesterday by the yeddyurappa faction for the high-command to take a decision on the leadership issue.
officially we have not issued any deadline.
we have not issued any deadline to the high command, he said, expressing the view that politics is a process and today it has reached an important stage where there is a lot of sense of confidence in the leadership of shettar and yeddyurappa by the party's central leadership.
shettar and bommai said bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and senior party leader arun jaitley were in touch with the yeddyurappa group in the past two days.
party sources said jaitley asked yeddyurappa last night to persuade the ministers to withdraw their resignation and sent out positive indications of meeting our (rebels' demand).
odd-even policy after studying delhi plan: georgenew delhi, jan 12, 2016, dhns: 2:04 istbengaluru urban development minister k j george on monday said the state government would go head with the implementation of the odd-even vehicle policy only after studying the delhi experiment.
george, who was here to meet union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, told reporters the government would decide after studying the delhi model.
the state government will not take any hasty decision in this regard, he said adding that the government was of the view that strengthening public transport system was more important to combat rising air pollution.
whatever decision the state government takes will be holistic, he said.
orop issue figures in bjp-rss meetnew delhi, sep 2, 2015, (ians) 18:37 istthe contentious one rank one pension issue for retired defence force personnel figured prominently on wednesday during a meeting between bjp and rss leaders here.
sources said rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bahgwat talked to finance minister arun jaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar separately on the orop issue on the first day of the three-day coordination meeting that began on wednesday.
parrikar briefed bhagwat on the issue, whereas jaitley spoke on its financial implications.
the sources said that the rss chief also sought to know from jaitley the problems the central government faced in the implementation of the orop.
according to sources, bhagwat asked the bjp leaders to resolve the orop issue at the earliest and suggested setting up of a commission to deal with its financial implications, if needed.
ex-servicemen have been protesting against the non-implementation of the orop for more than two-and-a-half months at the jantar mantar here.
several ex-servicemen are sitting on an indefinite hunger strike to press for the orop.
bjp president amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar and health minister j.p. nadda attended the meeting.
ram madhav, a bharatiya janata party general secretary who was formerly with the rss, and bjp general secretary (organisation) ram lal were also present.
all the organisations affiliated to the rss gave their feedbacks on major initiatives of different ministries under the narendra modi government.
sources said these feedbacks would be provided to the prime minister whenever he attends the bjp-rss meet.
around 95 members of the rss, the bjp's ideological parent, are expected to take part in the meeting being held in a madhya pradesh government guest house in vasant kunj here.
modi is likely to attend the meeting on september 4.
a number of issues such as the agitation by the patel community in gujarat for reservation in jobs and education and a recently released religious census data are expected to be discussed in the three-day meeting.
a virtual service, virtually ungovernednew delhi, dec 09, 2014, dhns: 0:59 istunion transport minister nitingadkari gadkari may be against a total ban on app-based cab services like uber despite the alleged rape of a girl by a taxi driver, but a set of rules that should have been in place to govern such services is only conspicuous in their absence.
by contrast, transport departments of various states have laid down guidelines to regulate radio cabs, asking them to register and have a certain number of vehicles in their fleet either directly owned or leased.
the regulation that all radio cabs must be fixed with gps-based tracking systems for constant communication with the central control room while on duty is particularly pertinent in the wake of the rape incident.
the onus of checking the drivers policy verification is also on the licensee, while radio cabs are also governed by rules like compulsory uniform for drivers, sticking to the city limits and running on fares fixed by the transport department.
none of these guidelines would apply for app-based cab services like uber or ola, who, by their basic definition, are categorised as aggregators or those who run online platforms that merely connect drivers with their customers.
if driver x owning a cab can just log on to the aggregators website and provide their contact information and taxi registration number, he will have queries for cabs forwarded to him by the aggregator.
strangely enough, the rules for radio cabs do not apply since aggregators do not own the taxis and are not obliged to check the drivers antecedence.
a gps-based tracker is also not mandatory.
as a result, when the driver turns off his smartphone, as it happened in the delhi rape case, there is no way the service provider could track the cab or its driver, a senior transport ministry official told deccan herald.
the challenges in governing such services are evident from the revenue sharing method.
uber, for instance, is based out of san francisco and operates its indian service through its arm in the netherlands.
payments made to uber therefore go to its netherlands office.
the company takes its cut and redirects the drivers share back to india.
since each transaction between customer, driver and the company takes place online, there is no direct contact between the driver and the service provider, the official added.
centre plans to go ahead with road safety billnew delhi, oct 28, 2014, dhns: 1:23 istthe centre on tuesday said it would go ahead with the road transport and safety bill, 2014, which proposes hefty fines for traffic violations, despite opposition from some states, including karnataka.
union transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari, who chaired national road safety council and transport development council meeting, attended by state transport ministers, told reporters that the new bill would be sent to the cabinet soon, and introduced in the winter session of parliament.
the bill is aimed at reducing road accidents by 50 per cent over the next two years by heavily penalising traffic rule violations.
india sees 5 lakh road accidents annually, with 1.
5 lakh deathsthe highest in the world.
the bill, drafted after adopting the best practices from several developed countries, has faced opposition from several states like karnataka, kerala and tamil nadu.
the states allege that their revenue would go down with new bill, and the centre was trying encroach upon the states territories through these proposals.
the draft bill also proposes and independent agency: the motor vehicle regulation and road safety authority of india.
the states, including karnataka, have opposed this too, saying that they would lose the right to grant permission for stage carriers or contract carriers as a result of this.
the new bill proposes steep penalties of up to rs 3 lakh, and in certain circumstances a minimum seven-year imprisonment for the death of a child, for traffic violations.
it also proposes a fine of rs 5 lakh per vehicle as well as imprisonment for faulty manufacturing design, besides cancellation of licence for rash and negligent driving.
hassan-bengaluru rail service after march 15hassan, mar 09, 2017, dhns 23:43 ist'gadkari has promised widening of hassan-m'luru road into 6 lane'mla h d revanna has said that the launch of the much-awaited rail service between hassan and bengaluru has been postponed by a few days and would begin after march 15.
revanna told reporters here that the service was scheduled to begin from march 9.
as the chief secretary had informed that chief minister siddaramaiah would attend the programme, it has been postponed for a few days and would now be held in the third week of march.
siddaramaiah will present budget on march 15.
all arrangements have been made for launch of the service between the two cities.
the hassan-bengaluru train will depart hassan at 6 am and reach bengaluru by 9.
30 am.
similarly on return journey, the train would leave bengaluru at 6 pm and reach hassan by 9.
30 pm.
centre has announced the service as a birthday gift for former prime minister h d deve gowda.
this service would benefit the people of the district, revanna said.
a memorandum has been submitted to the indian railways, seeking extension of mysuru-shravanabelagola passenger rail up to bengaluru, revanna added.
other demands put forth are: running bengaluru city-mangaluru mangala express and yeshwantpur-karwar trains via hassan.
cauvery express that connects chennai and mysuru should be changed into chennai-bengaluru-hassan-mangaluru while the bengaluru-chennai train should be extended to hassan, he said.
also a demand for a push-pull train and stoppage of swarna jayanti express at holenarasipur was put forth.
he further sought for speedy completion of hassan, belur, chikkamagaluru and sringeri rail route for the benefit of tourists and devotees, he said.
revanna said that union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had promised to widen the hassan-mangaluru road (barring shiradi ghat stretch) into a six-lane at a cost of rs 1,400 crore.
the shiradi ghat concretisation works are being taken up by the pwd, he added.
mla khopde offers to quit for gadkari; fadanvis tight-lippednagpur, oct 22, 2014, (pti): 16:13 istamid talk that bjp maharashtra unit chief devendra fadnavis could be party's chief ministerial choice, nagpur-east mla krishna khopde today offered to quit and vacate his seat to pave way for his mentor nitingadkari gadkari, after voices grew louder on bringing back the union minister to the state to don the mantle.
khopde, a second term mla, told pti that he was willing to resign for gadkari from his constituency.
when contacted over the turn of events, phadanvis however, remained tight-lipped and made no comments.
about 39 bjp mlas all from vidarbha region had met gadkari at his residence here yesterday and demanded that he be made the state's chief minister.
the senior bjp leader had later told the electronic media that the mlas who met him have a lot of respect for me and they are requesting me to be the chief minister.
i have already clarified my stand not to return to state politics.
its for the party's central leadership to decide and i will accept any responsibility given to me, said the former chief of bjp which has emerged as the single largest part in assembly elections with 123 mlas, 22 short of majority in the 288-member assembly.
the newly-elected mlas, who were flown to mumbai by a chartered flight to attend the legislative party meeting which was eventually postponed to another date, had returned in the evening and drove straight to gadkari's residence.
in the october 15 state assembly elections, khopde who is also president of nagpur city unit of bjp, had defeated advocate abhijit wanjari of the congress by over 40,000 votes.
in 2009, khopde had turned to be giant killer defeating then congress stalwart and then textile minister satish chaturvedi by over 38,000 votes.
vidarbha had overwhelmingly come out in support of bjp, which won 44 out of 62 seats in the region.
yesterday, in mumbai, senior bjp leader sudhir mungantiwar pitched for gadkari as the chief minister.
state bjp leaders feel that nitingadkari gadkariji should come back to the state politics and take up the position of the cm of maharashtra.
he has a lot of administrative experience behind him which makes him an ideal candidate, mungantiwar, also a member of the state bjp core committee had said.
new delhi, mar 4, 2016 (pti) 13:10 istleaders from across the political spectrum today paid glowing tributes to former lok sabha speaker p a sangma, with prime minister narendra modi describing him as a self-made leader who had a monumental contribution in the development of the north-east.
expressing shock and grief at sangma's demise, his parliamentary colleagues recalled his tenure as speaker in the 11th lok sabha and his affable nature and effervescence, which endeared him to many.
offering his condolence, the prime minister said that sangma's tenure as lok sabha speaker is unforgettable.
he was a self-made leader whose contribution towards the development of the north east is monumental.
saddened by his demise, modi said on twitter.
the prime minister said that sangma had a down-to-earth personality and affable nature and added that he was deeply influenced by netaji bose.
sangma was a nine-time mp and represented tura lok sabha seat in meghalaya.
he was a very effective and successful speaker.
it was shocking news because he was quite fit and active.
the country has lost a great person who was a champion of north-east's cause, ncp chief sharad pawar said.
sangma was the co-founder of ncp.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan announced the news of sangma's death in the house.
parliament was adjourned today as a mark of respect for the departed leader.
he was my good friend and a great human being.
the work he has done as lok sabha speaker will be remembered by the country and parliament, particularly, the work he did for the development of the north-east.
we have lost an ideal speaker of parliament, road and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said.
congress mp shashi tharoor said sangma was liked and admired by all political leaders irrespective of their political difference.
it's deeply saddening and shocking news for all of us because he was in the house till two days ago.
in fact, he had given his name to speak on the president's address.
he was a very popular figure whatever the political differences people may have had with him, everyone liked and admired him a great deal.
he was somebody who was universally liked.
our prayers go out to him and his family.
india has lost an important leader from the north-east.
somebody who was chief minister at the age of 41, the mp said.
sangma was also the chief minister of meghalaya from 1988 to 1990 and leader of opposition in the assembly from 1990 to 1991.
union minister venkaiah naidu said sangma was a veteran parliamentarian and a true nationalist.
400 die a day in road mishaps;not much change in 2 yrs:gadkarinew delhi, jun 9, 2016 (pti) 18:26 istan average of 400 persons die every day in road accidents in india with faulty engineering being a major cause, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said today while admitting that not much has changed even after two years of dedicated work and sincere efforts.
releasing a report on road accidents in india in 2015, the minister for road transport and highways said he is deeply pained at the findings that show 17 deaths in 57 crashes per hour and over 54 per cent of those getting killed being in the age group of 15-34 years.
let people criticise us but i want to make the report public.
our two years of dedicated work and sincere efforts has resulted in not much change but we are committed to changing the scenario as i cannot allow this.
my heart fills with immense pain, he said.
human sacrifices cannot be allowed.
we have taken a slew of steps in the last two years to minimise this including launch of pradahan mantri sadak suraksha yojana and earmarking 1 per cent of the project cost for road safety that translates to rs 5,000 crore on it, he added.
he said though the reports lists driver's fault for 77.
1 per cent of the road accidents in 2015, faulty road engineering is one of the major causes.
gadkari also sought to blame the previous government, saying that the steps taken by the upa regime to economise construction cost has done away with several overbridges and underpasses on many crucial roads leading to high number of accidents at several places including on delhi-gurgaon stretch.
he said the government is confident of bringing down road fatalities by 50 per cent in a year's span through massive initiatives that include decision to construct 4-lane highways where the traffic is over 10,000 pcu (passenger car unit) as against previous specification of 25,000 pcu.
ec notice to gadkarinew delhi, oct 6, 2014, dhns: 0:32 istthe election commission on monday issued a notice to union rural development minister nitingadkari gadkari for allegedly asking voters at latur in maharashtra to accept bribes if offered by anyone, but to exercise their voting right judiciously.
the poll panel said that gadkari had violated the model code of conduct, which had been put in place ahead of assembly elections in maharashtra.
it asked him to explain his stand on the allegation by wednesday evening.
the ec acted after receiving a report from the district magistrate cum district election officer of latur on monday.
the report referred to a speech made by the minister while campaigning for the bharatiya janata party candidate at nilenga constituency on sunday.
now, i am watching your faces and i have some skill of predicting the future by way of face reading.
you have an opportunity of laxmi darshan in next 10 days.
special people to get foreign made, ordinary people to get local brand.
am i right?
sisters, elderly sisters.
.
.
.
sarees for old women, pant-shirt for young boys and all are gandhivadis asking for rs 5,000.
in these days of inflation, keep one thing in mind, eat what you wish and drink what you desire.
keep whatever you get.
this is the time when illegally earned money can go to poor.
therefore, do not say no to laxmi.
but think while you vote.
your vote should be for the development of maharashtra, the report received by the ec quoted gadkari saying in marathi.
the poll panel said gadkari has violated the sub-para 4 of the para 1 of the model code of conduct by making statements to the effect of inducing the voters to take bribe if offered by someone and then decide how to vote.
bjp mp to campaign for sreeramululast updated: 10 november, 2011bellary, nov 10 (pti) 21:03 istin what seems to be more embarassment for ruling bjp in karnataka, the party's lok sabha mp from bellary, j shantha, today said she would campaign for her brother b sreeramulu, who is contesting the november 30 bye-election from the rural constituency as an independent, defying a party directive.
i am not scared of the action bjp takes against me.
i will campaign for sreeramulu, shanta said in a statement here, a day after bjp state chief k s eshwarappa warned anyone going against the party would face expulsion, including sreeramulu.
bjp mlas from bellay disrict have also thrown their lot behind sreeramulu, besides raichur mp, sanna fakirappa, a development that has caused worries to bjp.
on a brief visit to bangalore, sreeramulu told pti that he was firm on seeking re-election from the constituency in the bypoll and spiked speculation of a rethink under pressure from the party central leadership.
there is no going back on my decision to contest as an independent, he said.
sources close to sreeramulu said bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and other top leaders have been persuading him to return to the party-fold and contest as its candidate.
the top bjp leaders are worried about the political fallout his exit will have on its government, besides the party in bellary, raichur and gadag districts.
state unit bjp president k s eswarappa and chief minister d v sadananda gowda have also been making efforts to mollify sreeramulu.
bjp is in a fix on initiating disciplinary action against its mlas and mps who have declared support to sreeramulu.
tomorrow is the last day for filing of nominations and the saffron party is yet to decide on its candidate.
sreeramulu, a former minister and close aide of mining barons, reddy brothers, quit the party after filing nomination as an independent candidate for the bellary rural bypoll yesterday.
he had resigned making known his displeasure over being sidelined and citing humiliation meted out to his business associate and jailed former minister g janaradhana reddy, whom he consulted before deciding to contest as an independent in the november 30 bypoll.
in another development, two party leaders-- r ashok kumar and k v nagendra-- filed their nominations under directions from bjp's state unit bjp.
kumar and nagendra told reporters that one of them will remain in the fray after the party takes a decision.
the state unit is still confabulating on finalising a candidate to take on sreeramulu in the bypoll.
meanwhile, the congress high command has cleared the name of ramprasad, who lost to sreeramulu in the 2008 assembly polls and he will file the nomination tomorrow, party sources said.
jnu row: nitish questions panel's advice for rusticating studentsnew delhi, mar 15 , 2016 (pti) 18:07 istbihar chief minister nitish kumar today questioned a jnu panel's recommendation that its students' union president kanhaiya kumar and other varsity scholars be rusticated for their alleged role in connection with the raising of anti-national slogans on its campus.
the jd(u) leader also wondered whether there was an attempt to take over the institution as he remarked that such encroachment on freedom of expression was dangerous for democracy.
noting that jnu is known for freedom of views, he said, what have the students done for which they want to rusticate them.
they are further deepening it (the crisis).
it is clear that democratic traditions are being attacked to impose one viewpoint.
he was asked about the decision of a high-level jnu panel which has recommended rustication of kanhaiya, umar khalid, anirban bhattacharya and two other students for their alleged role in a controversial event last month during which purported anti-national slogans were raised.
a decision on the recommendation of the panel will be taken by jnu vice chancellor m jagadesh kumar and chief proctor a dimri.
saying that the majority of jnu does not accept the ideology of rss, kumar wondered whether there is an attempt to take over (the university).
all that is being done is totally inappropriate.
unnecessarily, a crisis is being created at jnu.
in my view, registration of the case against them was inappropriate.
so far, no evidence has been provided which proves sedition.
even the videos that were circulated have turned out to be doctored.
trying to check the freedom of expression in this manner is dangerous for democracy, kumar told reporters after a meeting with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
during his meeting with gadkari, the bihar chief minister took up issues related to land acquisition for highway construction in bihar arising out of what he claimed was the national highway authority of india (nhai)'s failure to provide compensation for land at four-times the market price as laid down in the new land acquisition law.
he also discussed the matter of repairs to the dilapidated ganga river bridge in patna.
the talks were positive, he said.
centre bails out cash-strapped sugar sectornew delhi: june 11, 2015, dhns 23:59 iststepping into the aid of farmers, the centre on wednesday approved interest-free loans to the tune of rs 6,000 crore to help the sugar mills clear the arrears of cane growers which have spiraled to rs 21,000 crore.
in a bid to encourage sugar mills to produce ethanol instead of the sweetener, the modi government also increased the price of the fuel blender from rs 32 per litre to rs 42 per litre.
the cabinet committee on economic affairs(ccea), at a meeting chaired by prime minister, decided that the arrears of the farmers will be paid directly in the jan dhan bank accounts to ensure that the funds are not diverted by the millers elsewhere.
we will seek a list of farmers to whom arrears have to be paid from the sugar mills.
sugar mills in uttar pradesh owe rs 10,000 crore to cane growers, followed by maharashtra (rs 3,700 crore) and karnataka (rs 1,800 crore).
central, delhi governments to clean yamunanew delhi, august 8, 2015 (ians): 20:14 istthe central and delhi governments have decided to come together to clean up the yamuna river in the capital.
they will be using a special purpose vehicle for this purpose, a delhi government official said after a meeting between chief minister arvind kejriwal and union water resources minister uma bharti.
a blueprint will be prepared in 45 days, the official added.
beautification of the yamuna river front also came up at the meeting, also attended by delhi water minister kapil mishra.
the yamuna, venerated by hindus, originates from the yamunotri glacier, at 6,387 meters above sea level in the himalayas.
it flows through uttarakhand, delhi and uttar pradesh (1,376 km) before merging with the ganges at allahabad.
the river accounts for 70 percent of delhi's water needs.
the yamuna is considered largely clean from yamunotri until wazirabad in delhi when the polluted stretch starts.
kejriwal said all concerned ministries and departments would have to work together for cleaning the historic river and reviving its past glory.
he requested uma bharti to convene a meeting with urban development minister m. venkaiah naidu and road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari on this issue.
central funds sought for city projectsbengaluru, feb 26, 2015 dhns: 0:55 ista bruhat bangalore mahanagara palike (bbmp) delegation led by mayor n shanthakumari met union ministers and handed over a memorandum for seeking necessary funds for executing significant infrastructure projects in the city on thursday.
transport and city in charge minister ramalinga reddy said: the central government has promised assistance for all major projects.
traffic congestion is increasing in the city and we have proposed a total of 75-km signal-free corridor.
reddy said the corridor project requires a total of rs 18,409 crore.
we intend to construct signal-free elevated road from central silk board to hebbal, from kempapura till goraguntepalya and from jnanabharati to varthur kodi.
infra support engineering consultant company has already prepared a preliminary project report and in five years, we want to implement the project in a phased manner.
a detailed project report has been submitted to union urban development minister m venkaiah naidu and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
we have also convinced chief minister siddaramaiah to include the project in the upcoming state budget, the minister added.
new delhi: nov 10, 2015, dhns 2:06 istin a bid to insulate prime minister narendra modi from the bihar poll drubbing, the bjp on monday stated that they miscalculated the grand alliances caste consolidation which led to the defeat.
a day after the grand alliance, comprising the jd(u), rjd and the congress, won a 2/3rd majority, bjp president amit shah convened the party parliamentary board meeting to analyse the humiliating defeat, the second after a similar drubbing in delhi polls in february.
the party sources said they felt that the three parties in the grand alliance would not be able to transfer each others votes, given long held social incompatibility among castes the jd(u) and rjd respectively represented among the obcs and dalits.
the main reason for defeat seems to be that in the 2014 lok sabha elections, the rjd, jd(u) and the congress fought independently.
we were wrong in thinking the grand alliance won't be able to consolidate votes due to other small and regional parties, finance minister arun jaitley told reporters after the meeting.
modi and senior ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and nitingadkari gadkari were also present in the meeting.
the vote shares of the jd(u), rjd and the congress in the 2014 lok sabha elections put together came to 45 per cent, while it came down marginally to 41 per cent in the assembly polls, said bjp sources.
similarly, the ndas vote share was 38 per cent in the 2014 elections and declined by 4 per cent in the assembly polls and partners the ljp,rlsp and the ham (secular) did poorly to pull down the ndas prospects, sources added.
in the meeting, bjp sources said, a section of senior leaders felt the need to shield modi from the criticism that the prime minister should not have addressed more than 31 rallies in bihar.
losing an election with such a huge margin is not that big a set back in comparison to people debating that modi was losing political currency, said sources, expressing partys fear.
as the nda did not declare its chief ministerial candidate, modi took the onus on himself to spearhead the campaign and even posters primarily had his and shahs photographs, pushing local leaders to the margin.
ajith athrady new delhi, april 1, 2017, dhns 1:34 istthe cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi on friday approved changes to the motor vehicles (amendment) bill, 2016, which proposes hefty penalties for violation of traffic norms.
after the union ministry of road transport tabled the bill in the house, it was sent to the parliamentary standing committee headed by mp mukul roy for further vetting.
recently, the panel submitted its report, recommending some changes to make the law more robust to punish errant drivers.
the bill also proposes to treat death due to drunken driving as culpable homicide not amounting to murder under the indian penal code.
in the proposed bill, there is a provision of up to rs 10 lakh compensation in case of a road fatality.
according to the new legislation, driving without a licence will attract a fine rs 5,000, while overspeeding will attract penalties in the range of rs 1,000-rs 4,000.
as much as rs 10,000 will be charged for a vehicle without permit, while driving without seat belt will attract a fine of rs 1,000.
riding without a helmet will make the rider poorer by rs 1,000, in addition to the suspension of his/her driving licence for three months.
overloading two-wheelers will attract a fine of rs 2,000 in addition to the suspension of licences for three months.
the bill, which seeks major amendments to the three-decade old act that has outlived its utility on several counts, also proposes an aadhaar-based verification for the grant of online services, including learners licence.
the amendments will help in reducing the harassment faced by stakeholders at rto offices.
a national database of vehicles and driving licences would help in the safety and security, and avoid malpractices, gadkari added.
by imposing a hefty fine against violators, the government aims to reduce accidents and fatalities by 50  by 2020.
gadkari meets rss chiefmumbai, oct 25, 2014, dhns: 2:00 istamidst speculations that he is secretly flexing his political muscle in maharashtra ahead of the bjp legislature party meeting to choose the new chief minister, union shipping and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on saturday met rss chief mohan bhagwat.
i met sarssanghchalakji (mohan bhagwat).
it was a routine visit during diwali like every year.
yes we discussed many important issues barring the maharashtra politics and the chief ministership, i have been calling on the sarsarsanghchalaji for the last 25 years on the occasion of diwali , gadkari, who rode on a scooter to the meeting, said later.
suttur (mysuru dist): feb 6, 2016, dhns 1:53 istchief minister siddaramaiah has said that in the wake of the success of invest karnataka meet, rs 20,000 crore will be spent over three years on upgrading infrastructure, including peripheral roads, outer ring roads, elevated corridor, satellite towns in bengaluru to ease congestion.
speaking to reporters at the helipad here on friday, the chief minister said, the response to the invest karnataka from the big players in the industry was beyond expectation.
karnataka is always a preferred destination for investors.
it has been in the forefront in industries since the days of nalawadi krishnaraja wadiyar.
now, further steps are being taken to make the state conducive for industries.
an senior official will be appointed to follow up the 121 mous signed by the government with investors, and also the expressions of interest by prospective investors.
the official will be given three months to see to it that the mous materialise.
siddaramaiah said, while union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has promised to sanction rs 1 lakh crore for the development of roads in bengaluru, railway minister suresh prabhu has hinted at announcing suburban rail service connecting bengaluru to the neighbouring towns, in the budget.
mrityunjay bose, sangli/mumbai: , june 17, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istwater shortage forces them to renew demandin a significant political development, 42 villages from the jath taluk of sangli district have shot off a letter to maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis seeking no-objection certificate for their renewed demand of merger with neighbouring karnataka as they have been reeling under severe water shortage for decades now.
on saturday, under the banner of taluka pani sangharsha samiti (tpss), umadi, the villagers met in jath taluk and discussed the issue of water shortage.
besides fadnavis, they have also initiated correspondence with the karnataka government.
they have also written letters to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari.
this is not the first time that such a demand has come from this western maharashtra taluk, but this time around, the villagers appear to be firm on their demand.
jath taluk borders belagavi and vijayapura districts of karnataka-and has aspeakinga large kannada-a a kannada-speaking population and is drought-prone.
we have been facing a severe problem.
the government is aware of the issue.
for the last two decades, we have been raising the issue, however, it remains unsolved, tpss president sunil potdar said.
the villagers point out that people in villages in karnataka on the other side of the boundary, just a few km away, are getting water.
there the villagers are getting water, but we are reeling under severe shortage.
womenfolk have to walk several kilometres to get water.
fadnavis, who was in dhule in north maharashtra to review water projects, however, said that his government had launched a campaign jalyukta shivar abhiyan.
results of united efforts will be visible in a few months, after the monsoon, the chief minister said.
as part of the campaign, the bjp-shiv sena government has undertaken an ambitious task of making 25,000 villages drought-free in five years  5,000 villages every year.
this involves, among other things, construction of cement nullah bunds and plantation of trees to stock water and enhance ground recharge.
vilasrao jagtap, bjp mla from jath, told deccan herald that the government was trying to address the issue.
it is true that a meeting of villagers was held where they have renewed their demand.
for several decades, this issue has been there.
there have been questions on this in the maharashtra legislature, he said.
jagtap said that in the ensuing monsoon session of the vidhan sabha, he would try and fix up a meeting of the villagers with fadnavis and water resources minister girish mahajan.
sindhushree khullar is niti aayog's first ceonew delhi,jan 11, 2015, dhns: 1:58 istsindhushree khullar has been appointed as the first chief executive officer (ceo) of the national institution for transforming india (niti) aayog, the new avatar of the planning commission.
a 1975 batch ut cadre ias officer, khullar was planning commissions secretary since april 2012 and had overseen the modi government's plan for revamping the body.
she held the post even after the modi government scrapped the cabinet resolution through which the planning commission was set up.
a few days ago, prime minister narendra modi appointed noted economist arvind panagariya as niti aayogs vice-chairman.
he also appointed economist bibek debroy and former drdo chief v k saraswat as full-time members.
modi is the niti aayogs chairman.
home minister rajnath singh, union finance minister arun jaitley, railways minister suresh prabhu and agriculture minister radha mohan singh were made ex-officio members.
roads and national highways minister nitingadkari gadkari, human resource development minister smriti irani and union social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot were made special invitees to the niti aayog.
india to ink four-nation motor vehicle agreementnew delhi, june 11, 2015, dhns: 23:53 isteven as pakistan continues to play spoilsport in south asian nations pursuit for regional connectivity, india is now set to ink an agreement with bangladesh, bhutan and nepal to ease movement of passenger, personal and cargo vehicles amongst the four countries.
a meeting of the union cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi on wednesday approved the draft of the agreement, which is likely to be signed during a meeting of the transport ministers of the four countries in thimphu.
transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will represent india in the meeting in the bhutanese capital on june 14 and 15.
the bbin (bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal) motor vehicle agreement is being signed eight months after pakistans resistance stopped members of the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) from clinching a similar deal during its 18th summit of the eight-nation bloc in kathmandu last november.
the bbin countries will be benefited by mutual cross border movement of passenger and goods for overall economic development of the region.
the people of the four countries will benefit through seamless movement of goods and passenger across borders, the government stated in an official press release issued after the meeting of the union cabinet.
each of the four countries will bear its own costs arising from implementation of the proposed agreement.
the agreement among india, bangladesh, bhutan and nepal will allow passenger, personal and cargo vehicles to travel along designated key routes in the four countries without the need for trans-shipment of goods and passengers at the border crossings.
new delhi, according to the sources, has been keen to ink the quadrilateral deal with dhaka, thimphu and kathmandu, as it would help to convey to islamabad that pakistan must take note of south asias aspiration for regional connectivity and realise that it would be left out of the process if it continued to play spoilsport.
if signed by all the eight countries, the saarc motor vehicle agreement for regulation of passenger and cargo vehicular traffic would have made it possible for vehicles registered in one country to move into another member country of the bloc without much hassle.
the saarc was also close to sign a regional railways agreement for rail connectivity within south asia.
the deals however could not be inked during the summit in kathmandu as pakistan prime minister m nawaz sharif told his counterparts from other south asian nations that his government had not yet completed internal processes required to ink and implement such an agreement.
new delhi, dec 24, 2015 (ians) 21:32 istthe central government on thursday said that it will take all possible measures to introduce only eco-friendly vehicles for public transport.
the information was given by minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari, who inaugurated the first ever international electric vehicle expo ev-expo being held here.
speaking after the inauguration, gadkari elaborated that as part of its efforts to curb pollution, the government has already taken various steps like including e-vehicles in the motor vehicles act.
according to the minister, the ev-expo is in line with the government's national electric mobility mission plan (nemmp) which aims to have 6-7 million electric or hybrid vehicles on the roads by 2020.
the government has also decided to provide low interest loan at three percent a year under deen dayal antyodaya yojana to rickshaw operators belonging to poor, backward, and minority communities to buy e-rickshaws, gadkari pointed-out.
in addition, the minister cited the government's efforts at skill development for promotion of e-vehicles in the country.
in next 2-3 years the skill development ministry will provide training to 2 crore drivers to drive e-rickshaws which will provide livelihood to 2 crore families as well, gadkari added.
the four-day international ev-expo is being held at pragati maidan, new delhi from december 24-27.
the event aims at showcasing the latest technological advancements in environment friendly electric vehicle, components, services and products for the transportation of passengers and goods.
more than 100 indian and international e-vehicle companies are showcasing their technologically advanced, pollution free e-rickshaws, e-carts and e-vehicles at the expo.
the event is being attended by over 500 high level business delegations from china, germany, sweden, japan and other countries.
no toll on nh projects that have less than rs 50-cr investmentnew delhi, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 1:07 istthe centre on friday decided to cancel toll collection on national highways (nh) where the investment is less than rs 50 crore and also to implement electronic toll collection (etc) system on 350 toll plazas across the country.
union minister for surface transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari, who launched the etc system on the delhi-mumbai nh here, said 350 toll plazas across the country will adopt electronic road user charges collection method from december 31.
the government has decided to cancel toll collection on projects with an investment of less than rs 50 crore.
under the etc system, when vehicles affixed with a prepaid radio frequency identification device tag known as fastag on windscreens, crosses the toll plazas, the applicable toll is deducted automatically from the motorists pre-paid account.
the prepaid accounts are created at the central clearing house (cch) set up by the banks.
the minister also said that fastag e-toll collection will remove logistic inefficiencies at toll plazas and has the potential of saving rs 60,000 crore of fuel bills.
etcs have been installed at 55 toll plazas, and their integration with cch operators has almost been completed on the delhi-mumbai route via haryana, rajasthan, madhya pradesh, gujarat and maharashtra.
the central government has issued orders to incorporate etc lanes as a mandatory clause in the contracts awarded for all highways projects in the future.
at present, there are problems in collecting toll, including lack of uniform rates throughout various sections of the highways, coupled with complaints of overcharging and undercharging.
to implement etcs across the country, the ministry will be floating a company, the indian highways management company limited.
hang us if we are guilty but don't level false accusations, the former bjp chief said, coming down heavily on the congress vice president for his statement on national herald case yesterday that it is hundred per cent political vendetta coming out of pmo.
he said, this is court's decision and neither prime minister's office nor our government has said anything to court about the order.
we don't have any connection with it.
we respect the judicial system.
when there are cases in court, there are orders.
congress is liable to answer as to how property taken from government and bringing it to a company and then becoming owners was justifiable, he said, adding they are free to knock the door of higher courts if they feel injustice has been meted out to them.
rs 90 crore was in congress party's fund.
this fund came in donation.
there is no tax on it.
they gave the fund to the trust.
trust fund was given to company.
the space of national herald which was to run a newspaper was given on rent.
plots were acquired in the whole country.
property worth rs 2,000 crore was owned by giving the party's fund of rs 90 crore.
thirty-six per cent share in it is of rahul gandhi and 36 per cent of sonia gandhi.
.
.
the property taken from government and bringing it to a company and then becoming its owner.
.
.
we don't have any connection to the case.
we didn't do it and you accuse us.
when court gives you notice, you accuse us.
.
.
.
if you feel there has been injustice then appeal in the high court.
.
.
, if not in high court then supreme court, he said, adding the congress has stooped to the level that bills are being torn in the house.
new delhi: july 17, 2015, dhns 1:22 istthe centre on thursday approved the six-laning of the eastern peripheral expressway.
the project, with an estimated cost of rs 7,558 crore, will check the growing traffic and pollution in the national capital.
the cabinet committee on economic affairs chaired by prime minister narendra modi cleared the project (national highway no ne-ii) in haryana and uttar pradesh.
this is the first expressway project cleared by the modi government, which has been trying to clear pending projects.
the total length of the road will be around 135 kilometres and the work will be done on the engineering, procurement and construction basis.
the six-lane road connects palwal, ghaziabad and kundli.
the estimated cost for the project includes rs 1,795.
20 crore for land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation and other pre-construction activities.
once the project is completed, haryana-bound traffic from uttar pradesh and vice versa would not have to enter delhi and take the peripheral road instead.
this will help divert at least 70,000 vehicles per day, mainly trucks, resulting in less traffic congestion and pollution in the national capital.
the long-pending project was cleared after union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari resolved the issue of land acquisition after meeting with transport and public works department ministers of delhi, haryana and uttar pradesh.
the approval also ended the tussle between the centre and delhi government over the outstanding payment for expanded land acquisition.
gadkari courts controversy by riding scooter without helmetnagpur, oct 25, 2014, (pti) 16:48 istunion transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari today rode into a controversy when he was caught on camera entering rss headquarters here on his scooter without wearing a helmet in violation of traffic rules.
tv channels showed the 58-year-old bjp mp from nagpur riding his white-coloured scooter to the sangh headquarters in mahal area of the city to meet rss chief mohan bhagwat amid efforts by the party to form government in maharashtra.
when pointed out by journalists about him having violated the rules, gadkari refused to comment and entered the premises with a man riding pillion and another scooter in tow.
congress general secretary digvijay singh strongly reacted to gadkari's action, saying it reflected the attitude of the leader and the party.
it is a very small thing and for anyone else it wouldn't have mattered.
.
.
for the transport minister of the government of india, who is violating the law which he had to be enforcing, then it does make a difference, he said.
this reflects the attitude of the leader and the party, whether they believe in following the rules or not, he said.
one of the tv news channels claimed the former bjp chief was earlier caught on camera riding a scooter without wearing helmet in december last year when he was not a cabinet minister.
with the shoe on the other foot now, it was not immediately known if nagpur police was contemplating booking the union minister for violating traffic rules.
according to nagpur traffic police website, wearing helmet is compulsory and violators will be charged rs 100 under section 177 of the m v act-1988.
we are committed to conserving ecology.
by developing waterways, we can save the environment and minimise pollution .
.
.
ganga is a subject close to people's hearts.
we have started huge work on the ganga.
we are making 20 water recycling plants along the river, road transport, highways and shipping minister gadkari said.
addressing the world cultural festival, organised by the art of living foundation here, the minister said the government has decided to use this water from recycling plants at 13 railway stations and refinery in mathura, besides 13 power projects.
recycling of water will be done and used for industry.
.
.
the environment issues are very important and i feel we are very much progressive and development oriented.
parliament's nod to convert 111 rivers across the country into waterways is a revolutionary step and paves the way for utilisation of 35,000 km of waterways in the country for sustainable development.
gadkari felt that harnessing waterways will minimise pollution while reducing high logistical charges, adding that apart from waterways, the government is focusing on converting waste into wealth and has given nod to 8 per cent plastic usage in tar for building roads.
besides, iron ore slag is used for road construction and use of bio cng, bio-diesel, electric and environment-friendly fuel is being promoted to cut down on huge rs 8 lakh crore crude import bill per annum.
in nagpur alone, the government will have 100 buses on bio-cng and another 50 running on ethanol.
bio-digesters, the minister said, will be used in delhi to convert its waste into bio-fuel, stressing that completion of eastern and western bypasses along with highway projects worth rs 30,000 crore will decongest traffic in delhi by 50 per cent in two years while significantly reducing pollution.
conversion of knowledge into wealth as well as conversion of waste into wealth is our mission.
he also let out that the government will soon take the length of national highways to 2 lakh km so that it can bear 80 per cent of the total road traffic.
at present, the nhs have a length of only about 1 lakh km out of a total 52 lakh km roads and carry 40 per cent of the traffic.
he said government is also spending rs 11,000 crore to fix 767 black spots as india accounted for a huge 5 lakh road accidents per annum, in which 1.
5 lakh people lost their lives while another 3 lakh were left maimed.
the minister revealed the government's plan to reduce the fatalities by at least 50 per cent through various measures.
addressing the gathering, art of living founder sri sri ravi shankar said focus should be on creating able leaders in various streams, be it politics, religion or social science.
chaos lays the foundation stone, clears the path for leaders, leaders make everyone move, he said.
the mega event world cultural festival has been mired in controversy for alleged violation of green norms.
he exhorted the youth to get ready to face challenges.
bjp keen on obc non-yadav votesdeepak k upreti new delhi, jan 7, dhns 1:41 istpolitics in uttar pradesh has the most backward castes (mbc) factor playing a major role with the bjp, bsp and the congress trying their best to fit it in their electoral game plans.
as the electoral scene is warming up in up, the political caste engineering is being been fine-tuned by the political parties to include mbcs like koeri, kahar, kevat, kumhar, gadearia, teli, nat, lohar and others who have not been benefited like empowered obcs such as yadavs, jats and lodhs.
the controversy surrounding former bsp minister babu singh kushwahas induction into the bjp has not greatly upset the ground-level strategists in the party who see it as the right move to attract the koeris (kushwahas) and thereby other mbcs.
the bjp has given a good number of mbcs tickets for the assembly elections, comments a bjp central leader from the state.
similar moves have also been set by rival parties like the bsp and the congress.
the warring parties have been focussing on non-yadav obc votes which have an impact on the winning or loss margins of the candidates across the state.
bjp has raised the bogey of 4.
5 per cent reservation for muslims announced by the centre in the 27 per cent quota reserved for the obcs in government jobs, to attract obcs, particularly the mbc among them, to its fold.
investing in partieseven the scheduled caste votes are not an altogether captive bank for bsp president mayawati.
the scs other than jatavs (committed to the bsp) like passi, balmikis, dhobis etc who have not reaped the benefits of reservation much are being tempted by parties like congress and the bjp.
the mbc among the scs are also game for switching sides and invest in other parties if they are to get the right returns.
kushwaha (4 per cent) has been brought into the bjp to attract the non-yadav obc and mbc votes in the up election.
the plan has been crafted by the party president nitingadkari gadkari in tandem with state leaders and state election coordinator sanjay joshi, according to sources.
team bjp for 2014 poll campaignnew delhi, july 19, 2013, dhns: 2:58 istgujarat cm narendra modis growing acceptance in the party was visible on friday as the bjp announced names of 12 members of the central election campaign committee he heads.
but a footnote in the declaration also established patriarch l k advanis position, along with that of president rajnath singh and ailing ex-pm atal bihari vajpayee, to guide the poll panel that will be aided by 20 sub-committees in the campaign.
the members of central election campaign committee are former party presidents nitingadkari gadkari and venkaiah naidu, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar, thawar chand gehlot, ramlal and three cms  chhattisgarhs raman singh, mps shivraj singh chouhan and goas manohar parrikar.
all the sub-committees will be steered under the leadership of narendra modi.
.
.
the party has given modi the responsibility of 2014 elections.
.
.
under his leadership the whole campaign will move forward, general secretary ananth kumar told reporters on friday evening.
the names of the various panels were cleared by a parliamentary board in its meeting chaired by the party president.
there were some differences on the names, which were sorted out subsequently.
senior party leader murli manohar joshi has been made in-charge of the manifesto panel.
he will be assisted by jaswant singh, yashwant sinha, sushil modi and shahnawaz hussain, who are among the 15-odd members of the committee.
similarly, gadkari has also been asked to pay special attention to delhi for the forthcoming assembly election there, apart from putting together the partys vision document.
sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, amit shah and sudhanshu trivedi will be part of the electronic, print and outdoor media campaign committee.
the opposition party has also decided to come up with a charge sheet against the upa and congress-ruled states for misgovernment and corruption, and the current economic crisis.
we will present it to the people, said ananth kumar.
some other panels have been formed to reach out to the youth through social media, court first-time voters and for crowd-sourcing.
kumar said the new voters category is crucial as it forms 20 per cent of the electorate.
modis aide amit shah, late pramod mahajans daughter poonam mahajan, cricketer-turned-mp navjot singh sidhu and trivendra rawat will work together to rope in these voters.
new delhi, feb 10 , 2015, (pti): 13:23 istit was seen as a masterstroke when she was anointed as bjp's chief ministerial candidate just three weeks ahead of the assembly polls to counter aap's arvind kejriwal but india's first woman ips officer kiran bedi failed to change the party's fortune and now herself stares at an uncertain political future.
the 65-year-old bedi, who had caught people's imagination as a young police officer here in 1980s and was a key member of the team anna during the lokpal movement, had a poll campaign where all bjp top brass including prime minister narendra modi canvassed for her.
however, bedi failed to draw crowds at her rallies and her campaign looked lacklustre largely due to alleged non- cooperation of the delhi bjp leaders.
they saw bedi as someone who was parachuted and devoid of grassroot support.
some delhi bjp leaders found bedi less accommodative and more authoritative leading to internal dissent against her in the party though nothing came out in the open.
bedi came under closer media scrutiny after being made bjp's cm candidate and some of her earlier claims like removing former prime minister indira gandhi's car in 1982 when she was dcp traffic in delhi police fell flat.
bedi was attacked on the social media for her flip flops as people reminded her about her tweets in 2011 when she was critical of modi.
while joining bjp, bedi had said modi's inspirational leadership was the reason why she chose bjp.
she was also accused of being in touch with the bjp during the anti-graft movement as she had refused to hold a protest outside then bjp president nitingadkari gadkari's residence in august 2012 as part of india against corruption's decision to gherao the residences of several political leaders on the coal block allocation scam.
though bedi promised not to indulge in personal attacks, she made scathing onsalughts on kejriwal as the campaign peaked and went on to describe her former team anna colleague as a liar and someone whose influence was toxic.
bedi, who had worked closely with kejriwal during the lokpal movement, split with him after he announced plan to form the aam aadmi party on october 2, 2012.
bedi had severely criticised kejriwal then saying she would continue to work with anna hazare and would never join any political party.
kejriwal had offered bedi to become chief ministerial face of aap in the 2013 assembly polls but she declined the offer.
during the 2014 general election, bedi publicly supported bjp and modi and regularly posted tweets in his favour.
after lok sabha polls, bedi kept supporting modi government and gave indication of her willingness to join bjp.
bedi was born on 9 june 1949 in amritsar in a punjabi business family.
since her school days, bedi was an active member of national cadet corps (ncc) and used to participate in various extra-curricular activities.
bedi graduated in 1968, with a ba (honours) in english, from government college for women at amritsar.
the same year, she won the ncc cadet officer award.
in 1970, she obtained a master's degree in political science from punjab university, chandigarh.
bedi joined the khalsa college for women in amritsar as a lecturer in 1970.
she joined the indian police service in 1972 becoming the first woman ips officer of the country.
after completing her training at the national police academy at mount abu, rajasthan, she was posted as the sub-divisional police officer at the chanakyapuri police station here.
she had also become the first woman in uniform to lead the all male contingent of the delhi police at the republic day parade in 1975.
bedi was a tennis player during her college days and participated in various national level competitions.
between 1965 and 1978.
in 1972, bedi married fellow tennis player brij bediknown as a distinguished police officer, bedi as dcp (traffic) during the 1982 asian games had clamped down on errant motorists with a heavy hand.
her team towed improperly parked vehicles using six tow trucks and it had earned her the nickname crane bedi.
bedi, as director general of tihar, had initiated variousreforms at tihar jail which gained worldwide acclaim.
india, iran sign pact on developing chabahar porttehran, may 6, 2015, (pti) 21:04 istnotwithstanding us objections, india today went ahead with the signing of an agreement with iran for the development of the strategically important chabahar port which will give india sea-land access route to afghanistan bypassing pakistan.
the pact was signed after comprehensive talks between visiting road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari with the iranian leadership here.
the mou (memorandum of understanding) was signed after the talks between the two sides, a source said.
iranian president hassan rouhani, in his meeting with gadkari, said, resumption of iran-india cooperation in the southeastern iranian port city of chabahar would lead to a new chapter in relations of two countries.
chabahar port is located in sistan-balochistan province on iran's southeastern coast and is of great strategic utility for india which will get sea-land access route to afghanistan bypassing pakistan.
the us has been asking india and other countries not to rush into doing business with iran as washington was yet to work out a deal with tehran on the latter's contentious nuclear programme.
the port will be used to ship crude oil and urea, saving india transportation costs.
india intends to lease two berths at chabahar for 10 years.
the port will be developed through a special purpose vehicle (spv) which will invest usd 85.
21 million to convert the berths into a container terminal and a multi-purpose cargo terminal.
the agreement was signed by gadkari and iran's minister for transport and urban development dr abbas ahmad akhoundi.
with the signing of this mou, indian and iranian commercial entities would now be in a position to commence negotiations towards finalisation of a commercial contract under which indian firms will lease two existing berths at the port and operationalise them as container and multi-purpose cargo terminals, a ministry of external affairs statement said.
the availability of a functional container and multi-purpose cargo terminal at chabahar port would provide afghanistan's garland road network system alternate access to a sea port, significantly enhancing afghanistan's overall connectivity to regional and global markets, and providing a fillip to the ongoing reconstruction and humanitarian efforts in the country, it said.
touching upon iran and india's ancient and historical relations, rouhani, in his meeting with gadkari, underscored that undoubtedly the level of mutual cooperation could be expanded day by day.
pointing to iran's transit position for connecting east to west and north to south, he stressed that the islamic republic could play a pivotal role in connecting india to central asia, the caucasus and eastern europe via railway.
president rouhani reiterated that iran is fully ready to lure foreign investors.
noting the importance of north-south transport corridor and development of iranian ports, rouhani stressed that iran fully welcomes the indian investors to make investment in construction of roads, railways and development of chabahar port and other southern ports in iran.
last year in october, india had approved the framework of an inter-governmental memorandum of understanding (mou) for setting up an usd 85.
21 million joint venture firm for equipping two fully-constructed berths at chahbahar port.
as per the framework, approved in the cabinet last year, an indian joint venture company would lease two fully constructed berths in chahbahar port's phase-i project for a period of ten years, which could be renewed by mutual agreement.
the indian side will transfer ownership of the equipment to be provided through the investment to iran's port and maritime organisation (p&mo) without any payment at the end of the tenth year.
the cabinet had given nod for constituting a joint venture or other appropriate special purpose vehicle comprising the jawaharlal nehru port trust and the kandla port trust.
approval was also given for incurring annual revenue expenditure of usd 22.
95 million to support operational activities of the indian joint venture.
from chahbahar port using the existing iranian road network, a link up to zaranj in afghanistan and then using the zaranj-delaram road constructed by india in 2009, access to afghanistan's garland highway can be made.
this would establish road access to four of the major cities of afghanistan -- herat, kandahar, kabul and mazar-e-sharif.
the port would cut transport costs and freight time for india to central asia and the gulf by about a third.
last week, prime minister narendra modi had assured afghan president ashraf ghani of india's commitment to building the port.
earlier in 2003, the nda government under atal bihari vajpayee had signed an agreement with iran for the chabahar port, but it could not be materialised.
government seeks foreign pension funds for infrastructure sectornew delhi: april 8, 2015, dhns: 23:52 istto fuel the growth in infrastructure sector, the centre on tuesday invited foreign pension funds to invest in roads, railways and ports.
we are looking at bringing in foreign pension funds to pump in finance in indias infrastructure sector, union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said at a cii event here.
the centre has given an allocation of rs 42,000 crore to the roads sector during the current financial year (2015-16).
the minister said the government is expecting financing from these global pension and insurance funds at a lower interest rate.
investments to the tune of rs 10 trillion are expected in the highways and shipping sectors by 2019, he said.
he said of the 80 projects, only 26 are still not cleared due to various reasons.
the issue has been sent to the union cabinet and hopefully it may be sorted out by the end of this month, he said.
it will create job opportunities in villages and small towns.
he added that the government is contemplating setting up five more major ports in the country, two of which have already been announced in west bengal and ap, to be built at an estimated investment of rs 16,000 crore.
at present, there are 12 major ports  kandla, mumbai, jnpt, marmugao, new mangalore, cochin, chennai, ennore, v o chidambarnar, visakhapatnam, paradip and kolkata  in india.
govt may soon allow wi-fi use on flightsnew delhi, aug 24, 2016, (pti) 23:21 istfliers may soon be able to use wi-fi facility when they are on flights in the indian airspace, with the government today indicating that a decision is likely in the coming days.
i will be able to give you good news in 10 days, civil aviation secretary r n choubey today said in response to a query on when wi-fi would be allowed in flights.
at present, fliers are not allowed to use mobile phones and internet when they are in the indian airspace.
there is fairly a good chance that in ten days permission will be given to operate wi-fi in the indian airspace, choubey said.
when asked whether there were any security issues in allowing wi-fi in flights, he said the important thing was about the ability to track voice and data.
if necessary, agencies should have access to the details and if need be it can be tracked, he noted.
on whether calls would also be permitted, choubey said that if data is going to be allowed, it should be possible to make calls as well.
we expect that to happen as well, he added.
i must compliment the present dot secretary.
.
.
i have been chasing it for quite sometime.
i am obviously saying so on the basis of what deepak (dot secretary) has told me, he said.
according to him, the cabinet's approval would not be required for the proposal.
it (wifi facility) will be available to both indian carriers and foreign carriers, which may be only overflying the indian airspace, he said.
choubey was speaking at an awards function organised by the air passengers association of india (apai).
meanwhile, choubey asserted that indian airports are safe, adding that the country cannot afford to have unsafe airports when the aviation sector is growing at 22 per cent.
india is one of the fastest growing aviation markets and would continue to be in the future, he added.
consumer affairs minister ram vilas paswan said the government is working to bring in strict provisions to protect the interests of consumers, including those who are affected by flight cancellations.
a bill to bring amendments to the consumer protection act is expected to be passed in the winter session of parliament, he said.
bengaluru could get funds in union budget for traffic fixajith athrady, new delhi, jan 20,2017, dhns: 0:17 istbengalurus chronic traffic problem could get a solution.
the ministry of road transport and highways has asked the finance ministry to allocate funds in the union budget 2016-17 to help states to address traffic problems in cities.
as per the ministrys budget proposals, at least rs 15,000 crore is required to improve the existing road network and build new roads in bengaluru.
last year, chief minister siddaramaiah, pwd minister h c mahadevappa and bengaluru urban development minister k j george had met the union minister for road transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari, and requested him to sanction funds for building an elevated road from hosur road to nelamangala in bengaluru.
gadkari promised to pursue the matter with the finance ministry but asked karnataka to acquire the required land in a time-bound manner.
the budgetary allocation would not only solve the traffic problem but also remove the urban clog, said an official in the road transport and highways ministry.
the ministry also proposed involving the private sector in building flyovers, underpasses and vehicle parking complexes.
bjp refuses to comment on gadkari's french cruisenew delhi, feb 27, 2015 (ians) 12:27 istthe bjp friday refused to react to a media report about road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari taking a french cruise along with his family, which was sponsored by a top corporate house.
this kind of news keeps coming every day.
we don't need to react to this, bjp leader mukhtar abbas naqvi told the media.
according to a report published in the indian express, essar group sponsored a trip on a foreign yacht for gadkari and his family.
the report goes on to mention how the group cultivated individuals in positions of power and influence, showered them with gifts and favours to push its business interests.
.
.
but then i wasn't, neither an mp nor bjp president.
the indian express report also said that former minister sriprakash jaiswal, congress leaders digvijaya singh and motilal vora and bjp's varun gandhi referred candidates for jobs in essar.
manoj sinha frontrunner for up chief minister postnew delhi, march 13,2017, dhns: 1:29 istunion minister manoj sinhaunion minister manoj sinha seems to be the frontrunner for the post of chief minister in uttar pradesh.
the bjps top decision-making body on sunday authorised party chief amit shah to select the chief ministerial candidates for up, uttarakhand, goa and manipur.
other names doing the rounds are bjps uttar pradesh unit chief keshav prasad maurya, union minister santosh gangwar and lucknow mayor dinesh sharma, among others.
according to sources, the four new governments would be installed after holi, which is being celebrated on monday.
the ruling akali dal-bjp coalition lost to the congress in punjab.
sinhas style of working, performance in the ministry of railways and telecom and his iit background appears to have given him an edge over the other contenders.
at the bjp parliamentary board meeting, which was attended by prime minister narendra modi, shah and senior leaders rajnath singh and arun jaitley, it was decided to send observers to interact with the newly elected mlas for selecting probable chief ministerial candidates in the four states.
briefing the media after the meeting, union minister j p nadda said the observers will submit their reports to shah.
who went wherewhile senior minister m venkaiah naidu and party general secretary bhupendra yadav will interact with bjps 312 mlas in lucknow, union minister narendra singh tomar and party leader saroj pandey will head to dehradun to interact with legislators to identify their leader for the chief ministers post.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari is already in goa, and according to party sources, modi has given his nod to release defence minister manohar parrikar to head the government in panjim.
union minister piyush goyal and bjp leader vinay sahasrabuddhe will carry out the same exercise in manipur.
earlier, in his address to party workers, shah said the bjp will get an even bigger mandate in 2019, greater than the one in the 2014 general elections.
the win in the five-state assembly elections is bigger than our victory in the 2014 lok sabha polls.
we will get a bigger mandate in 2019, shah told the gathering at the partys ashoka road headquarters here.
incentives for giving up old diesel vehiclesnew delhi: august 14, 2015, dhns 23:43 istif you own a 10-year-old diesel vehicle, there may soon be some good news for you to cheer about.
the government is considering financial incentives of up to rs 1.
5 lakh on the surrender of over-ten-year-old vehicles to check pollution and address road safety concerns.
this comes at a time when the national green tribunal (ngt) has banned the plying of diesel vehicles that are more than ten years old in the national capital region.
the union ministry of road transport and highways is formulating a new policy for surrendering old vehicles and it would soon be sent for the finance ministrys approval.
the scheme would be valid for over-ten-year-old vehicles across the country.
under the proposed policy, owners would get an incentive of up to rs 30,000 for discarding small vehicles like cars, while total benefits after taking into account tax exemptions etc could be up to rs 1.
5 lakh for big vehicles like trucks, road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said while addressing global conference on public transport here on thursday.
we are bringing such a scheme that, for example, if you sell your old vehicle you will get a certificate which on being produced at the time of new purchase will get you a discount of up to rs 50,000.
for small vehicles like cars it will be up to rs 30,000.
besides, there will be exemptions in taxes.
total benefits for big vehicles like trucks will be up to rs 1.
the government also plans to set up 8-10 industrial units near ports like kandla which will give certificates for accepting old vehicles and also recycle vehicles from india and abroad, thus giving a boost to employment and economy, he added.
he also urged manufacturers to build euro 6 compliant vehicles as early as possible, saying pollution is a big concern and the ngt has also passed its order.
rupani next gujarat cmsunil raghu, gandhinagar: aug 6, 2016, dhns 2:06 istgujarat bjp chief vijay rupani will succeed anandiben patel as the chief minister, with nitingadkari patel as his deputy.
the decision was taken here on friday at the bjp legislature party meeting.
it was chaired by national president amit shah, with union minister nitingadkari gadkari and party leader saroj pandey as observers.
rupani, a jain baniya and an amit shah confidant, upstaged nitingadkari , a patel strongman from north gujarat, to emerge as the next chief minister.
till thursday, nitingadkari was considered to be the front-runner in the race for the top post.
outgoing chief minister anandiben patel suggested the names of vijaybhai and nitinbhai.
our party president amit shah, party national secretary (organisation) v satish and general secretary in-charge of gujarat affairs dinesh sharma met over 15 senior ministers, several legislators and parliamentarians.
the decision was taken after analysing the feedback received in the past two days, he said.
the announcement came as a surprise to many since nitingadkari (60) was the final choice and had even started giving interviews to several local and national news channels since morning about his priorities if he was to take over as the chief minister.
by evening, local media houses started receiving emails and faxes with nitins bio-data.
further, tv channels got his wife to comment on her husband as the next chief minister.
his supporters in north gujarat burst crackers, even as senior bjp leaders were huddled in a meeting at the party headquarters kamalam in gandhinagar.
however, after reports of rupanis appointment emerged, all he said was, i have no comments.
amit shah hai hai slogans rented the air in nitins home district of mehsana, even as bjp workers came out in large numbers to protest the decision.
it is not the first time that the bjp is appointing a deputy chief minister, and both the names were suggested by anandiben herself, he added.
gujarat has not had a deputy chief minister for over 21 years, with narhari amin being deputy to chimanbhai patel in 1990.
rupani, a 60-year-old leader from saurashtra, is considered by many as suave and soft-spoken.
he has had a phenomenal rise in the last couple of years.
he served as the partys state president and a minister in the anandiben patel cabinet simultaneously, in contrast to the bjps one man, one post norm.
my priority will be to carry forward modiji and anandibens legacy, take forward the politics of development and principles of sabka saath, sabka vikas, rupani said.
new delhi, jun 10, 2015 (pti) 18:32 istan ordinance to help lakhs of persons battling cheque bounce cases far away from their place was today cleared by the union cabinet, which will be the 14th ordinance of the modi government in a little over a year.
the ordinance, which will amend the negotiable instruments act, will enable filing of cheque bounce cases in the place where the cheque was presented for clearance or payment and not the place of issue.
there are an estimated 18 lakh people facing cheque bounce cases across the country.
the ordinance was necessitated as a bill to help the litigants in the cheque bounce case was passed by lok sabha in earlier this year but it could not go through the other house.
18 lakh such cases in various courts.
.
.
government had brought a bill in this regard in parliament.
rajya sabha could not pass it.
so to give relief to these people, government has brought this ordinance, he said adding it will benefit these people.
the land ordinance, which was issued for the third time last month, was the 13th executive order of the nda government since it came to power in may last year.
the negotiable instruments (amendment) act, 2015 was passed in the lok sabha in may this year seeking to overturn a supreme court ruling last year which said the case has to be initiated where the cheque-issuing branch was located.
the amendment passed by the lok sabha provides that cases of bouncing of cheques can be filed only in a court in whose jurisdiction the bank branch of the payee (person who receives the cheque) lies.
if a complaint against a person issuing a cheque has been filed in the court with the appropriate jurisdiction, then all subsequent complaints against that person will be filed in the same court, irrespective of the relevant jurisdiction area.
when the lower house passed the bill in the last budget session, the nda government had faced tough questions from its own members with some bjp mps wondering if it would be used by corporates to harass the common man.
the statement of objects of the bill stated that following the apex court ruling, representations have been made by various stakeholders, including industry associations and financial institutions, expressing concern about the wide impact the judgement would have on the business interests as it will offer undue protection to defaulters at the expense of the aggrieved complainant.
j.p. nadda - a low-profile leader with astute organisational skillsshimla, nov 9, 2014, ians 15:05 istjagat prakash nadda, 54, who has his roots in the rss and its affiliates, was sunday inducted into the union cabinet led by prime minister narendra modi.
former environment, health and law minister from himachal pradesh, which has just four of the lok sabha's 543 elected seats, nadda has tried to carve his own space in national politics with his low profile and astute organisational skills.
he has been active on the national political scene since 2010 when he was picked by then bharatiya janata party (bjp) chief nitingadkari gadkari to join his new team.
he was made the party's national general secretary.
born dec 2, 1960, nadda did his graduation from patna in bihar and holds a post-graduate degree in political science and ll.b. from himachal pradesh university in shimla.
starting his political career as a student leader of the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the students wing of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), in 1978, nadda had also worked both with gadkari and shah even in the party's youth wing - the bharatiya yuva morcha - from 1991 to 1994.
in the parliamentary election, nadda played an important role in his home state himachal and helped the party win all the four seats even though the congress government was in office.
his wife mallika nadda, who teaches history in the himachal pradesh university, also was an abvp ac tivist, and its national general secretary from 1988 to 1999.
the elevation of nadda to the union cabinet now paves the way for his claim to be the next chief minister of himachal pradesh, said a senior bjp leader, who did not wish to be identified.
the assembly elections are due in december 2017.
in the previous bjp government (2007-12) in the state, nadda was forced to resign as forest minister in 2010 owing to differences between him and then chief minister prem kumar dhumal.
he was elected to the rajya sabha in 2012.
nadda won his first assembly election from bilaspur (sadar) in himachal in 1993.
in 1998, he again won from that seat and became the health minister.
he lost the assembly elections in 2003, but again won in 2007 and was appointed the forest minister.
nadda, as a forest minister, was the brain behind opening forest police stations to check forest crimes, launching community-driven plantation, setting up forest ponds and the massive plantation of deodars to boost the depleting green cover of the 'queen of hills, as shimla was fondly called by the british.
a close confidant of modi, nadda was among those who were mentioned as likely to be the bjp chief after rajnath singh was inducted into the central government as the home minister.
last updated: 31 july, 2011new delhi, jul 31, (pti): 15:12 istending three days of suspense, karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa today sent his resignation to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and expressed his ''full support'' to the party.
yeddyurappa, who was asked by the central leadership to quit after the state lokayukta indicted him in mining issue, faxed the letter to gadkari who accepted it, party sources said here.
in the letter, the chief minister has given reasons for the delay in putting in his papers and cited astrological issues as the main cause, they said.
the sources said yeddyurappa, who became chief minister after installing bjp's first government in the south, will seek an appointment with governor h r bhardwaj and formally submit his resignation.
after his tense standoff with the bjp leadership, yeddyurappa had said he would tender his resignation today after the party reportedly assured him that his views would be considered while choosing his successor.
68-year-old yeddyurappa made the fresh affirmation yesterday falling in line with the directive of the party leadership which took a tough stand.
the bjp parliamentary board had on thursday asked yeddyurappa to resign immediately, but the lingayat strongman mobilised his loyalist mlas and ministers who insisted on his continuance, in a sign of defiance.
however, he issued a press statement yesterday saying that he would step down this afternoon.
in his letter to gadkari, yeddyurappa vowed to stand by the party and expressed full support to it, the sources said.
yeddyurappa's successor is also likely to be announced today with the names of lok sabha mp sadanand gowda, ministers v s acharya and suresh kumar s doing the rounds for the top post.
however, a dark horse from the yeddyurappa camp may also emerge as a choice for the job.
yeddyurappa has been opposing the appointment of bjp general secretary anant kumar and his cabinet colleague jagdish shattar, also from the lingayat community, as the next chief minister.
401 lok sabha members yet to declare assets detailsnew delhi, oct 26, 2014, (pti): 15:39 istover 400 incumbent lok sabha members including rahul gandhi, sonia gandhi, lal krishna advani and rajnath singh have not yet declared their assets and liability details, according to an rti reply.
lok sabha secretariat said in an rti query said the assets details of 401 members of lok sabha are still awaited.
according to the members of the lok sabha declaration of assets rules 2004, a member is supposed to declare his assets within 90 days of taking oath.
the lok sabha mps who have not yet submitted the assets and liability details include union ministers sushma swaraj, uma bharti, nitingadkari gadkari, and sp supremo mulayam singh yadav.
lok sabha secretariat said no communication in this regard was sent to the members until september 26, when the rti was received.
according to the rti reply, there are 209 bjp mps who have not yet submitted their details.
there are 31 members from congress, 27 from tmc, 18 frm bjd, 15 from shiv sena, 14 from tdp, 9 from aiadmk and 8 from trs.
7 members are from ysr congress, 6 from lok janshakti party and 4 from ncp, cpi (m) and sp each, 3 members from akali dal, rjd, and aap each, and 2 each from jd(u) and apna dal.
action against the members who have not submitted their asset details are taken under the assets and liability declaration rules 2004, provisions 5 and 6, and the representation of the people act 1951, section 75 (a).
other mps who have not yet submitted their details include union minister harsh vardhan, radha mohan singh, anant geete, anant kumar, ramvilas paswan, capt amarinder singh, veerappa moily, mehbooba mufti, upendra kushwaha, kiren rijiju and supriya sule.
bjp evasive on bsy continuancelast updated: 09 january, 2011deepak k upreti, guwahati, jan 9, dhns: 1:05 istwhile the bjp has gone hammer and tongs against the upa government for its alleged corruption, the party appeared to be on the backfoot when needled on the continuance of karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa despite land scams involving his kin.
the party, currently having its national executive meet here, was defensive as a party spokesperson said it would take a call on the issue when the occasion arrived and that it had yet to take a final decision.
we have said that the judicial inquiry is on and the party is also looking into it.
we will take a call when the occasion arrives, bjp spokesperson nirmala sitharaman said here when repeatedly quizzed by newspersons as to why yeddyurappa remained at the helm when an inquiry against him was underway.
the bjp spokesperson repeatedly skirted the issue and referred to the inputs on the issue offered by the chief ministers office.
it is not the issue today.
we are focusing on the upa, she said.
sitharaman, however, said that the party was yet to take a final decision.
interestingly, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari skipped mentioning karnataka while appreciating party chief ministers good governance in other bjp-ruled states.
gadkari praised gujarat chief minister narendra modi.
he also appreciated chhattisgarh, jharkahnd, bihar, uttarakhand and madhya pradesh chief ministers.
the party president, however, commended yeddyurappa for the partys good performance in the recently concluded karnataka local elections.
amid the war of words between maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in the wake of twin bypolls, union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari said that the alliance is on the principles of hindutva and it must continue.
there may be differences, but the shiv sena and the bjp cannot live without each other, the senior bjp leader said.
they were together on the issue of hindutva and there was no ideological differences, he said, adding, in politics, there are no permanent friends or enemies.
speaking about former president pranab mukherjee's acceptance to attend an rss function, the union minister said, the rss is an organisation of nationalists and not the isi of pakistan.
he said that it is a healthy start and political untouchability is not good.
gadkari,who inaugurated a mass marriage programme organised by the district bjp unit here under the leadership of former minister b sreeramulu, exhorted the reddy brothers--janardhana and karunakara--to devote their energies to the service of people.
many people have lost ministerial posts in the party.
but the party workers continue their work with enthusiasm.
gadkari showered praises on the pro-people programmes implemented by former chief minister b s yeddyurappa in the last three years in karnataka and said i am satisified by these programmes.
yeddyurappa, who was forced by bjp to quit after his indictment by a lokayukta report on illegal mining, was present on the occasion.
g janardhana reddy, his brother g karunakara reddy and their associate sreeramulu were kept out of the d v sadananda gowda ministry in the wake of their names figuring in the lokayukta's report on illegal mining, despite their attempts to return to cabinet.
the mass marriage being organised for the 12th successive year saw 180 pairs from the districts of koppal, bellary, chitradurga and raichur entering into wedlock.
besides sreeramulu, reddy brothers, ministers shobha karandlaje and basavaraj bommai were also present.
a notable absentee today was leader of the opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj who had earlier been a regular in this annual event.
the inland waterways bill will be tabled (in parliament) on tuesday, he said at the opening of the jorabat-barapani bypass to the nation here.
promotion of waterways is a priority for this government as it is a cheaper mode of transportation as compared to roads and railways, he said.
the government has so far declared only five river stretches as waterways.
5 a km through roads.
inland waterways comprising rivers, lakes, canals, creeks and backwaters extend about 14,500 km across the country.
however, potential of this mode of transport has not been fully exploited so far.
the government has already decided to launch pm jal marg yojna and projects for setting up dry and satellite ports, besides converting riverways into waterways.
the inland waterways authority of india (iwai) has also signed a pact with odisha government, paradip port and dhamra port to develop commercially viable stretches of national waterway 5.
in the national waterway-5, east coast canal has been integrated with brahmini river and mahanadi delta rivers (588 km).
also a project to develop national waterways -4, sholinganallur-kallapakkam stretch of south buckingham canal has been sanctioned.
the national waterways - 1, 2 & 3 have been made operational.
five of the river-stretches, which have been declared as national waterways, include ganga-bhagirathi- hooghly river system (allahabad-haldia-1,620 km); the brahmaputra (dhubri-sadiya-891 km); west coast canal (kottapuram-kollam) along withudyogmandal and champakara canals-(205 km); kakinada-puducherry canals along with godavari and krishna rivers (1,078 km) and east coast canal integrated with brahmani river and mahanadi delta rivers (588 km).
unfair to link cow vigilante groups to bjp: gadkaripress trust of india, new delhi, may 25 2017, 15:49 istgadkari said violence in the name of protecting cows 'should not have happened'.
in an interview to pti, the former bjp president said the government was focused on 'sabka saath, sabka vikas' (together with all, development for all) and its policies have not discriminated against religious minorities.
any saffron clad person on television is immediately related to us (bjp) whereas the fact is that we don't have any relation with that person, he said.
we don't support such people.
this is not our agenda.
those who are doing this are not our people.
those who did it are wrong.
we are not with them.
prime minister had condemned (them).
.
.
we all have condemned (such violence).
why then are they being hoisted as our name, he said.
stating that it was not fair to link such groups with the bjp, he alleged that the move was part of a left campaign to malign the party and project it as anti-minority and anti- dalit.
certain sections of 'gau rakshaks' (cow protectors) have reportedly stopped vehicles, beaten people, extorted money and in some cases stolen animals -- all in the name of protecting cows.
this has inflamed tensions, risking undermining prime minister narendra modi's efforts to focus on economic advancement.
some foreign commentators have linked the rise in cow- related violence, alcohol bans and 'anti-romeo' police squads supposedly aimed at protecting a woman's honour as signs of rising political risk in asia's third-largest economy.
it a matter of belief, he said, adding that he himself uses 'gomutra ark' or cow urine for therapeutic purposes.
he said such incidents of violence had happened in the past as well during samajwadi party and congress rules.
our government has not discriminated against any caste, creed or religion in the last three years, he said.
our fight is against poverty, hunger and disease.
poor is poor and cannot be discriminated against on caste, creed, religion and language.
we have not lent our shoulders to anyone for use against minorities, he said.
indians, he said, are genetically tolerant as was reflected in 4,000 year history when not a single mosque was demolished.
we do not discriminate.
new delhi, july 1, 2012, (pti): 22:19 istmeanwhile, bjp general secretary in-charge of karnataka dharmendra pradhan today returned to delhi after meeting both factions.
sources said he met bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and senior leader arun jaitley and apprised them of the developments in karnataka and the demands of both the yeddyurappa and gowda camps.
bjp central leadership has asked the rebel mlas to take back their resignations.
the nine mlas loyal to yeddyurappa, including shettar who is in the reckoning for the chief minister's post, have submitted their resignations to gowda.
bjp sources said the central leadership will prevail over former karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa and his loyalists to give up the july 5 deadline set by them for removing gowda.
after the bjp top leadership conveyed to yeddyurappa that he cannot be reinstated as chief minister due to the pending graft cases against him, he has been demanding that fellow lingayat leader and minister jagdish shettar be made the chief minister.
gowda, a yeddyurappa loyalist, has lost his trust after becoming cm.
gowda is reaching the capital tomorrow to attend a meeting of bjp-nda chief ministers with nda working chairperson l k advani on the presidential elections.
he will also attend the marriage reception of bjp president nitingadkari gadkari's son tomorrow evening.
sources said a meeting of gowda, gadkari, karnataka in-charge dharmendra pradhan and other senior leaders on the crisis will take place.
party leaders, however, claimed there was no crisis in the karnataka unit.
there is no crisis in karnataka.
all the problems that have occurred will be fully resolved, senior party leader rajnath singh told reporters here.
bjp leaders are reaching out to both the gowda and yeddyurappa factions to convince them to maintain calm till the presidential election takes place on july 19.
keeping in view the extent of the rebellion and the support enjoyed by yeddyurappa's camp, there seems to be little option but to agree to his demand that shettar be made the chief minister.
if we have to perform well in the next assembly election we will have to meet his demand, a senior leader said.
yeddyurappa's patience seems to be wearing thin as he has now been waiting for several months to have his way.
however, indications are that he will not breach the party line yet, sources said.
a section of the central leadership, including l k advani and sushma swaraj, are opposed to yeddyurappa.
advani's rath yatra against black money in october 2011 was marred by corruption charges against yeddyurappa.
the senior leader faced embarrassing questions about what the party was doing in the matter.
advani is said to be of the opinion that bjp should put a stop to this continuing saga of rebellions and infighting in karnataka.
he wants the party to seek a fresh mandate by dissolving the assembly and going for polls.
but gadkari and other leaders realise the support enjoyed by yeddyurappa, who is the undisputed leader of lingayats in karnataka.
assembly elections are due in karnataka in may next year.
compulsions of realpolitiks may force bjp to go in for another change and replace gowda with shettar.
sources said the change may come soon after the presidential elections.
india to skip bs-v, leapfrog to bs-vi from 2020new delhi, jan 077, 2016, dhns: 2:00 istaiming to curb vehicular pollution, the centre on wednesday decided to implement the stricter bharat stage (bs) vi norms from april 1, 2020, by altogether skipping bs-v.
the decision to leapfrog to bs-vi was taken at an inter-ministerial meeting chaired by road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari, which was attended by oil minister dharmendra pradhan, heavy industries minister anant geete and environment minister prakash javadekar.
this means, oil companies in india have to supply petrol and diesel compliant with bs-vi, equivalent to euro-vi norms followed globally.
indian refiners will need to make investments to the tune of rs 30,000 crore for upgrading technology to supply cleaner fuels.
at present, bs-iv ( similar to euro-iv) fuel is being supplied in jammu & kashmir, punjab, haryana, himachal pradesh, uttarakhand, delhi, parts of rajasthan and western uttar pradesh.
by april 1, 2017, the entire country is scheduled to come under bs-iv norms.
bs-iv fuels contain 50 parts per million (ppm) sulphur, while bs-v and bs-vi grade fuel is more cleaner as it will have 10 ppm sulphur.
the government has decided to leapfrog from bs-iv to bs-vi directly by april 1, 2020.
we have decided to skip bs-v stage.
automobile industry body siam, which has been opposing the move to jump directly to bs-vi, said it would comment only after seeing the notification.
the decision came at a time when air pollution, especially in the national capital, has become a major issue.
in a statement, the ministry said it would soon issue a notification to move to bs-vi, while withdrawing its earlier notification in november to advance dates for implementation of bs-v norms to april 1, 2019, and bs-vi norms to april 1, 2021.
submit dpr for shiradi ghat tunnel bypass by june: gadkari to statemangaluru, mar 29, 2016, dhns 1:48 istunion minister for surface transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari said on monday that the proposed tunnel bypass road at shiradi ghat would become a reality if the state government submitted the detailed project report (dpr) to the ministry by june.
speaking after laying the foundation for various road works here, he said that the tunnel would help in seamless travel through shiradi ghat between bengaluru and the coastal areas of the state.
if the ministry receives the detailed project report by june, the work on the tunnel will be initiated by november and completed within two years.
dpr being preparedthe dpr for the proposed 23.
6-km-long tunnel bypass is being prepared.
there will be six tunnels with the longest being 2.
9-km-long and seven bridges with the longest being 1.
5-km-long, he said.
the project would be executed with financial assistance from the japan international co-operation agency.
the minister said that the length of national highways in karnataka was 7,018 km.
the ministry of road transport and highways has given in-principle approval to convert 3,290 km of roads to national highways.
i am ready to include another 4,000 km into the national highways list in karnataka, he said.
he said that the present length of 96,000 km of national highways will be increased to 2 lakh km in the country.
the minister laid the foundation stone for three major road works on the occasion.
they are widening the national highway-75 into a four-lane road from hassan to maranahally and addahole (near gundya) to bantwal cross.
the third work is to strengthen the 21-km stretch on shiradi ghat and laying rigid pavement for a 12.
38-km stretch on the ghat.
gadkari snubs sushmalast updated: 28 may, 2011new delhi, may 28, (pti): 20:10 istwith her remarks on arun jaitley regarding reddy brothers threatening to snowball into a major row, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today stepped in to virtually snub sushma swaraj saying any debate on the choice of ministers in karnataka in the media is ''totally unnecessary''.
gadkari came out with a statement this evening after former party president rajnath singh and chief minister b s yeddyurappa claimed responsibility for inducting the controversial reddy brothers, mining magnates, into the state cabinet, from which swaraj had distanced herself.
swaraj, widely perceived to be close to the reddy brothers, had in an interview yesterday said it was jaitley, yeddyurappa, m venkaiah naidu and ananth kumar who had decided to induct janardhan and karunakar reddy into the cabinet.
the remarks, which brought to fore the differences in second generation leadership in the party, forced rajnath singh and yeddyurappa to claim responsibility for the induction of the reddy brothers.
while swaraj and jaitley kept mum on the issue, gadkari came out with a sharp statement which said there is absolutely no question of any individual or individuals influencing this process in any particular manner.
this is the second time that gadkari appeared to openly snub swaraj for her public statements.
in the earlier instance, gadkari had differed with her when she said she was satisfied with prime minister manmohan singh's statement on the controversy surrounding appointment of p j thomas as cvc and the matter should be closed.
the party leader is elected by the bjp legislature party in the presence of a team of central observers.
he maintained this practice was followed in karnataka as well.
earlier, rajnath singh had denied there was any rift between swaraj and jaitley.
reports of a rift between sushma swaraj and arun jaitley are baseless.
this is true that arun was in-charge of karnataka.
i had sent him there as i was president (of bjp) during cabinet formation, singh said.
however, he said he took responsibility for all that happened in karnataka and nobody could be blamed for that.
the selection of ministers is also the chief minister's prerogative, he said.
bjp spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said swaraj had herself stated in the same interview that she and jaitley were in agreement on 95 to 99 per cent issues.
anna charges pm with betrayalmumbai, jan 22, 2012, dhns: 1:45 istanti-graft crusader anna hazare dashed off open letters to prime minister manmohan singh, uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati, congress general secretary rahul gandhi, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav on sunday.
in his letter to the prime minister, the crusader charged him with betraying the faith of the masses on the issue of a proposed lokpal.
questioning the motives without being brash, the social crusader in a caustic manner stated: does the government really want the bill?
it is sad that you (prime minister) have no feelings or empathy for the massesyour bill seems more keen to lock up the people who are waging war against corruption.
a bill which is meant for the people at large should certainly take peoples view into accountbut sad to say when a person has no feeling for poor people what can one expect from that leader.
the crusader also asked rahul gandhi to honestly introspect and answer whether the draft of the proposed bill is really strong enough to rein in corrupt forces?
and whether the congress-led government is really keen to pass a strong anti-corruption bill?
hazare hurled the same questions at up chief minister mayawati, samajwadi party leader mulayam singh and bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari.
amit shah set for second term as bjp chiefnew delhi, jan 21, 2016, dhns: 1:27 istamit shahs second term as bjp president will be formalised on january 24, with the party putting out presidential poll schedule notification on wednesday.
shah, who became party chief on july 9, 2014, after rajnath singh was drafted into the modi government as union home minister, will get a three-year full term after his coronation on sunday.
he will be entitled to another tenure in 2019 due to the party constitution amended in 2013 to give second tenure to then president nitingadkari gadkari.
but, gadkari, who is now union minister for transport, could not avail it owing to a controversy surrounding his business links and rajnath took over the top post.
a day before the election, the bjp has called a meeting of office bearers and parliamentary board followed by dinner at 11, ashoka road party headquarters.
as per the notification, the nominations for the post of the party president would be accepted on january 24 between 10 am to 1 pm and the scrutiny will also take place the same day.
if there is more than one nomination, which would be of shah, then the election would be held the next day.
last updated: 25 july, 2011mangalore, july 25, dhns: 21:11 istgovt should give two months time to upload documents says khaderhundreds of people, including those who had submitted their documents to lpg distributors months ago have found that their lpg connections had been suspended or marked for verification after logging into website http://ahara.
kar.
nic.
in, which has created fear and confusion among the lpg users on the suspension of the connections, said mla u t khader.
speaking to presspersons here on monday, the government circular has asked people to upload documents sought through the website within 15 days.
if a beneficiary finds uploading data through the website inconvenient, then he or she may approach the nearest office of the deputy director for assistance.
it is impossible to set right the loopholes within 15 days.
the government must provide atleast two months time for the consumers to rectify the problems.
at the same time, there is severe shortage of staff in the department of food and civil supplies, which is causing severe inconvenience to the consumers who visit them.
hence, the government should fill the vacancies.
he said the government should suspend the illegal lpg connections.
however, it should not harm those consumers who had submitted their documents to the lpg agencies and still find their lpg connections suspended.
he flayed chief minister b s yeddyurappas tour to mauritius at a time when several houses have been collapsed due to rain in the state shows his concern for poor.
instead of distributing calamity funds to the districts, the cm has gone for foreign tour, he said.
the bjp was speaking of its principles till recently.
however, now it is filled with illegal activities.
corruption has reached its peak during the bjp rule in the state, he said.
following lokayukta justice santosh hegdes strong indictment of the chief minister and his colleagues in the illegal mining racket, all the bjp ministers whose names have been included in the illegal mining racket should tender resignation.
the bjp high command nitingadkari gadkari who had been justifying chief minister so far should also tender resignation.
the bjp which supported baba ram dev in his fight against black money, is keeping quiet over corruption in the state government, he said.
khader said all the pwd contractors have suspended their works owing to the non payment of bills in the state.
the pwd contractors are not ready to fill even the potholes.
a sum of rs 32 crore is pending to be paid for the pwd contractors in dk road works.
rs 6 crore are pending in mangalore constituency owing to the non payment of the bill.
last updated: 09 september, 2011bellary/koppal, september 9, dhns: 0:00 istthe central bureau of investigation (cbi), which arrested former minister g janardhana reddy, has acted like a puppet in the hands of the congress-led upa government at the centre, chief minister d v sadananda gowda said in bellary on friday.
gowda was speaking to reporters at the jsw airport at toranagal on his way to koppal to campaign for his party candidate in the koppal byelection.
he said the bjp high command had taken a serious note of the arrest of reddy, who had been instrumental in bringing the party to power in the state.
he said, during his visit to delhi on saturday, he would hold discussions with bjp national president nitingadkari gadakari on the issue.
the cbi is working at the behest of the upa government.
people are also aware of the upa governments attitude towards states like gujarat, uttar pradesh, andhra pradesh and bihar, he said.
politically motivatedgowda said the arrest of janardhana reddy was politically motivated.
the party hoped reddy came out of the episode unscathed.
he said a committee had been constituted to look into the lokayukta s report on illegal mining in the state.
the report of the committee is likely to be submitted after september 18 and only then the government could think about taking action against the accused, the chief minister added.
in koppal, bjp state president k s eshwarappa alleged that congress and jd(s) were using cbi and lokayukta to create problems for the bjp in the state.
eshwarapp - who was in koppal to campaign on behalf of karadi sanganna, the bjp candidate for the bypoll - said if the two parties continued behaving in the same manner, the people would defeat them in the next election.
on the raid on janardhana reddys house, eshwarappa said the cbi had behaved like an agent of the upa government.
the congress and jd(s) leaders have also been a party to illegal mining, he said and added that the bjp leaders, who are facing allegations of illegal mining, will soon be acquitted of the charges.
amit shah is new bjp presidentnew delhi, july 8, 2014, dhns: 3:13 istthe suspense over elevating amit shah, a confidant of prime minister narendra modi, as the new bjp president is expected to end on wednesday after the partys parliamentary board gives its nod.
shah, the current party general secretary, will replace rajnath singh, who cannot hold dual charge after joining the modi cabinet as union home minister.
though shah was the front-runner for the top party post, given his strong organisational skills that helped the bjp put up a splendid show in uttar pradesh during the lok sabha polls, the final shove came after the rss decided against vetoing modis choice, said party sources.
the party norm that the prime minister and the party chief should not hail from the same state has been overlooked due to modis wish to get shah into the saddle.
rajnath singh has convened a meeting of the parliamentary board, which is the highest decision making body, to convey his decision to quit the presidents post and appoint shah as his successor.
the board has to ratify the decision of singh, who was re-elected as the bjp chief in january 2013 after his predecessor, nitingadkari gadkari, resigned owing to corruption charges he was facing.
shah would be president for the remaining period of more than three years out of the five-year tenure that an elected president like singh is entitled to, party sources said.
a bjp leader is allowed two terms as party president.
though shah is facing charges of fake encounter killings during his tenure as home minister of gujarat state under modis chief ministership, his choice for the party presidentship got a major push after rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari and arun jaitley together favoured him, diminishing the chances of another strong contender, general secretary j p nadda.
shahs petition for being discharged in the tulsi prajapati encounter case will be heard by a mumbai court in mid-august.
ending days of suspense, devendra fadnavis was today elected bjp legislature party leader and will be sworn in as first maharashtra chief minister from the party on friday, propped by ncp from outside.
the 44-year-old fourth term mla from nagpur south west seat, with rss roots and strong backing of prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah, will be only the second brahmin chief minister of the state after estranged ally shiv sena's manohar joshi.
surmounting competition from several members of the state bjp's core committee, who were vying for the post but were neutralised by the party's central leadership, fadnavis was declared elected leader of the legislature party by home minister rajnath singh, observer for the election.
accompanied by bjp general secretary rajiv pratap rudy, union minister prakash javadekar, state core committee members eknath khadse and vinod tawde, besides allies rpi leader ramdas athawale and rsp's mahadev jankar, fadnavis later called on governor c vidyasagar rao to stake claim to form the government.
we gave the governor a letter seeking opportunity for bjp to form government.
the governor has asked us to prove majority in 15 days after the swearing in on october 31, fadnavis told reporters after meeting rao.
fadnavis' name for the leader of bjp legislature party was proposed by leader of opposition in the outgoing assembly eknath khadse and seconded by others who were in the race, including khadse's counterpart in the legislative council vinod tawde, former state bjp chief sudhir mungantiwar and core committee member pankaja munde palve.
the resolution for his election was adopted unanimously, rajnath singh said after the meeting which lasted little over 20 minutes, preceded by a meeting of the state bjp's core committee.
fadnavis and other leaders then drove down to raj bhavan to formally stake claim for form the government.
as decided by the party earlier, the governor accepted the suggestion to swear in the new government on october 31.
prime minister narendra modi, several of his cabinet colleagues and chief ministers of bjp-ruled states will attend the historic ceremony at wankhede stadium, a well known venue for cricket matches.
a small ministry will be sworn in on october 31, nadda told reporters.
shiv sena, which had yesterday openly voiced its desire to join a coalition government with bjp, today said it will wait for the swearing-in of the new chief minister before taking a call on supporting the government.
it also trashed as false media reports that it had demanded the post of deputy chief minister and key portfolios as pre-condition for support.
a lot of false news is being spread in the media that we have demanded the post of deputy chief minister or some specific portfolios in return for our support to bjp.
i want the media to stop focusing on baseless rumours.
we have not demanded anything yet, sena mp and spokesman sanjay raut told reporters after meeting party chief uddhav thackeray.
amid reports of back channel talks still continuing between the two estranged saffron allies and that sena may join the government when the ministry is expanded, raut, when asked if his party will support the bjp dispensation, said, there is no point in saying anything at the moment.
we will speak when time comes.
for now, please wait till the new cm takes oath on the 31st of this month.
raut, while talking to a tv channel sounded conciliatory when he said, the blood group of bjp and shiv sena is the same.
we have not placed any pre-condition for joining hands.
nadda too indicated that the former allies would reunite, saying, we want that sena come with us.
it is our desire.
a positive result will emerge soon.
sharad pawar's ncp with 41 mlas has already offered crucial outside support to bjp and said it will abstain from voting if the new government has to face the eventuality of a trust vote to prove its majority.
even in the event of 63-member sena finally deciding to occupy the opposition's space with congress, which has 42 mlas, the new government will have no difficulty sailing through the trust vote.
bjp's strength in the 288-member assembly has come down to 121 after the death of its mla from mukhed govind rathod, but has the claimed support of all seven independents and those from some smaller parties.
bjp's pre-poll ally rashtriya samaj paksha has one mla.
in propelling fadnavis, a brahmin, to the highest seat of power in a state dominated by maratha politicians, bjp central leadership repeated what it had done in haryana, where also the party formed its first government.
like fadnavis, haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar has roots in rss and is a non-jat leader in a state long controlled by jat politicians.
fadnavis, whom modi had described as nagpur's gift to the country at an election rally, has a clean public image and helmed bjp in maharashtra when it posted impressive performances in lok sabha and assembly polls.
together with shiv sena and swabhimani shetkari paksha, the saffron alliance had swept lok sabha election in maharashtra winning 42 of 48 seats.
despite its acrimonious split with sena just ahead of the assembly election, bjp won 122 seats, up from 46 in 2009, and fadnavis earned the appreciation of both modi and shah for the performance, despite the prime minister himself spearheading the campaign blitzkrieg.
fadnavis, who will be maharashtra's 27th chief minister and fourth from vidarbha, thanked modi, shah and fellow nagpur politician and union minister nitingadkari gadkari for his elevation and said he will strive to provide a transparent government.
my focus will be to provide a government that people can feel is their own.
i will attempt to give a transparent administration, fadnavis said after his election.
this government will follow path of shivaji maharaj and also the constitution given to us by dr ambedkar, he said.
bjp general secretary in-charge of maharashtra j p nadda said the swearing-in ceremony will be held at 4 pm and that talks were still on with estranged former ally shiv sena over forming a coalition government.
aap calls bedi modi's 'shield'new delhi, jan 18, 2015, dhns: 2:00 istthe aam aadmi party (aap) on saturday accused the bjp of using kiran bedi to shield prime minister narendra modi from being accountable in case of a defeat in the delhi election.
the party also targeted bedi for changing her stance on the issues she has been championing.
the party has brought bedi to shoulder the blame in case of a debacle.
otherwise, the prime minister would have to share the blame for partys debacle in the delhi poll, senior aap leader yogendra yadav told a press conference on saturday.
yadav also cited a news report where rss sources were quoted as saying that bedi should only be used to win the elections.
he said the outfit had also been offended about bedi being projected as a chief ministerial candidate.
the party claimed that the bjp had to import an anti-corruption crusader and a former aap leader because it did not have its own people.
they cited names of all the top leaders of the delhi bjp, including leader of opposition in last assembly jagdish mukhi and rajya sabha mp vijya goel.
aap leaders yadav, sanjay singh and ashutosh clarified that they would not attack bedi personally, but would be asking questions on issues.
yadav said that bedi and her party are back-tracking on the issue of giving full statehood to delhi.
he said the bjp could have fulfilled the promise through an ordinance.
the party asked bedi what her latest stand was on corrupt leaders like b s yeddyurappa and nitingadkari gadkari.
they questioned what her position was on the issue of bringing parties under the ambit of rti laws.
they also sought to know what her current view is on lokpal.
the aap leaders reminded her that she had joined a party which wants women to bear four children and opposes girls wearing jeans.
yeddyurappa loyalists launch signature campaignbangalore, feb 2, 2012, (pti): 18:44 istseeking to mount pressure on the bjp central leadership, a group of party mlas loyal to former chief minister b s yeddyurappa today launched a signature campaign to press their demand for a 'suitable position' to their leader.
an mla, leading the campaign coming in the backdrop of the party high command cold shouldering yeddyurappa's demand, claimed about 25 legislators had already signed the memorandum.
the leader refusing to be identified said, mlas loyal to yeddyurappa would meet here on february 8 and later lead a delegation to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari to present their memorandum.
the yeddyurappa loyalists wanted the bjp leadership to convene a legislature party meet and seek the opinion of mlas on the issue of who should lead the party in the next year assembly elections.
yeddyurappa had set two deadlines so far to the party high command to concede his demand for a position, but the bjp had ignored them.
the saffron party high command, according to bjp sources, had told yeddyurappa that it would consider his demand after he comes clean in the corruption cases against him.
the call from shah that helped bjp reclaim goamumbai, mar 16, 2017, (pti) 21:01 istnewly sworn-in goa chief minister manohar parrikar being greeted by bjp president amit shah and union minister nitingadkari gadkari after his oath at a ceremony in panaji on tuesday.
pti photoit was a call from bjp chief amit shah to union minister nitingadkari gadkari on march 11 evening which set off a flurry of activities that culminated in the party mobilising support of a motley group of mlas who had contested against it and won.
amid the jubilation following the party's resounding victories in up and uttarakhand, the wily bjp boss wanted to have a shot at government formation in goa where it had not even emerged as the single largest party, winning just 13 seats against congress' 17.
the call led to gadkari making a late evening dash for the tiny coastal state and a string of confabulations that went through the night into the early morning before a deal could be sealed.
when results came in, the party chief (amit shah) called me up and asked me to meet him.
i offered to come at his place rather than he visiting and we decided to meet at his residence in 30-45 minutes.
it was 7 pm.
we discussed the political situation of goa in detail.
our strength was only 13.
however, shah would not take 'no' for an answer and insisted that gadkari give it a try.
soon, gadkari was on a flight to panaji.
however, despondency awaited him there too.
a delegation of leaders in goa told me that it is not appropriate for (manohar) parrikar to come back to goa after quitting the defence ministry.
what followed was a sleepless night for gadkari, a former bjp president himself, as prospective alliance partners expressed their willingness to extend support but with the rider that parrikar be made the chief minister.
at 1.
30 am, mgp's sudin dhawlikar met me.
i know him for a long time, and we had a discussion.
he pledged support to us.
vijai sardesai of goa forward party came to meet (me) next.
since parrikar's return to goa was a decision which required prime minister narendra modi's sanction, shah was woken up at 5:15 in the morning of march 12.
i woke up amit shah at 5:15 am and conveyed this to him.
i told him that i am not able to decide and asked for his advice.
he said the prime minister is sleeping right now.
he said he will call the pm at 7 am.
he (shah) said if parrikar were to be sent to goa, the (bjp) parliamentary board will have to decide and his (parrikar's) wish would also have to be considered, he said.
much to gadkari's relief, shah called back at 8:30 am, saying he had spoken to the prime minister and others and everybody said that if we can form the government in goa, and if parrikar is ready, we should do so.
getting parrikar ready for a return to the state politics was much easier as the party strongman had often said he did not have friends in delhi and that he missed goan food.
armed with letters of support, from mgp, gfp and some independents, parrikar staked claim to form the government the same night, drawing accusations of use of money power from the congress.
today, the fourth-time chief minister, won an easy trust vote in the assembly 22-16, bringing to the fore the unease in the congress whose mla viswajit rane walked out during the voting, and quit his assembly seat and the party.
gadkari rubbishes reports of conflict of interestmumbai, feb 27, 2015, dhns: 1:44 istunion shipping and transport minister and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari, who has been embroiled in a controversy over alleged favours from the essar group, vehemently denied any wrongdoing or conflict of interest on friday.
i wish to clarify that then i was not an mla, not an mp, not a minister or for that matter the bjp president, he said ruling out any wrongdoing or conflict of interest.
he said he was in frankfurt when the invite to visit the yacht came.
i love to meet people, i have been to the (newspaper groups) penthouse.
.
.
but i want to clarify that there was not ticket, boarding, lodging, food etcall expenses were from family account, he said.
i love new thingsi saw seaplanes, water bus, very soon in mumbai we would have water bus, he said.
when asked whom the private chopper belonged to, he admitted that it was of the ruias.
e-toll collection to start from october 27ajith athrady, new delhi, oct 21, 2014, dhns: 0:27 istaiming to bring transparency in toll collection, the ministry of road transport and highways will commence the electronic toll collection system across national highways from next week.
road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will inaugurate the delhi-mumbai stretch electronic toll collection (etc) facility to commuters on october 27.
the similar facility will be introduced in many sectors on the same day as the ministry had already installed etc at 55 toll plazas and their integration with central clearing house (cch) operators.
a pilot project for interoperable etc system of 10 toll plazas between mumbai (charoti) and ahmedabad was successfully tested recently.
the ministry has issued orders to incorporate etc lanes as a mandatory clause in the contracts awarded for all the highway projects in future, said an official from the ministry.
for projects where the contract does not provide for such lanes, the government will ask the developers to sign a supplementary agreement, official added.
for implementing etc across the country, the ministry has set up new firm indian highways management limited with equity participation from nhai (25 per cent), concessionaires (50 per cent) and financial institutions (25 per cent).
the firm will provide services including toll transaction, clearing house operations help desk support and setting up of call centres.
the ministry had roped in icici bank and axis bank to provide the central clearing house facilities.
the government also made required amendment in the central motor vehicle rules, 1989 for fitment of radio frequency identification (rfid) tag on vehicles for etc.
with the toll collection system facing several problems, including complaints of overcharging and under reporting of the toll fee by collection agents, the centre in 2010 had constituted a high level committee headed by nandan nilekani, who was also heading the unique identification authority of india for make suggestions for interoperable etc system.
based on nilekani committee report, the ministry is implementing the etc system across the country.
new toll collection system not only ensure uniformity in toll collections on all section of national highways, but also ensure seamless movement of traffic and collection of toll as per the notified rates, sources said.
national highways collected rs 11,387 crore as toll in fiscal 2013-14.
of this, 3,398 crore was collected on public or government-funded roads.
gadkari pilot held with bulletslast updated: 24 may, 2011new delhi, may 24 (dhns) 22:41 ista canadian-origin pilot of a private air charter company was on tuesday arrested at indira gandhi international airport with live cartridges in his bag, minutes before he was to fly out bjp president nitingadkari gadkari.
the pilot, rafel jose hubbard, was later let off by a delhi court after his lawyer submitted that the second hand bag, which carried live 7.
62 bore cartridges, was purchased by him from netaji nagar without checking it.
hubbard claimed that the original owner might have left the cartridges in the bag that he used without proper checking.
the pilot of aero air charter company was set free on bail after he paid rs 20,000 as surety.
hubbard was apprehended after central industrial security force officials detected catridges in his bag during security checking at the igi domestic airport, an official said.
infighting the real challenge for congress, says mp kateeljuly 03, 2016, mangaluru, dhns 23:58 ist2018 assembly polls to reinforce the people's faith in the bjp, says nayakwith infighting escalating within the congress, it is the disgruntled legislators and leaders who are the real opposition to the congress-led state government rather than the bjp, said mp nalin kumar kateel.
he was speaking after inaugurating a programme for the induction of office-bearers of the bjp district unit on saturday.
he termed the congress government in karnataka as one in a state of icu and might reach coma at any time, with increase in discontent among the leaders after the cabinet reshuffle.
the congress-led state government may collapse before completing its five-year-term, he said, and called upon the party workers to work towards bringing back the bjp to power in the state.
there is no groupism in the district unit.
all the leaders are united here, he assured.
prime minister narendra modis idea of a congress-free india will become a reality in five years.
the congress was yet to come to terms with the changing political scenario.
the modi rule in the country has instilled a confidence among the world leaders and the world is looking at india as a super power, he insisted.
the mp said that development works have been accelerated in the country after the nda came to power.
quoting road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, the kateel said that the construction work of highways has reached 18 km a day in the last two years while it had fallen to 2 km a day during the upa regime.
dakshina kannada alone has received rs 10,000 crore for development works in the last two years.
kateel explained that the challenge for the bjp office-bearers in the district was to strengthen the party at the grass-root level and prepare the party for the assembly election in 2018.
the workers should work together for the victory of the party candidates in all the eight assembly constituencies and reaffirm that the district is the strong forte of the bjp, he urged.
mlc capt ganesh karnik said that, unlike the congress, the bjp is not engaging in wooing a particular section of the society, and instead, believes in involving everybody in the process of development.
terming the 2018 assembly election in karnataka as a decisive election, outgoing district president prathap simha nayak said that the polls will reinforce the peoples faith in the bjp.
he called upon the newly elected office-bearers to be careful while speaking.
the leaders should ensure that their action do not affect the virtue of the party, he advised.
in his presidential address, the newly elected bjp district unit president sanjeeva matandoor called upon the party workers to strive for the victory of their candidates in the next assembly election.
oppn puts demands in black and whitenew delhi, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:27 istchanging the approach of mere voice-raising, opposition parties, including the congess, have decided to be heard through their words by sending notices to the parliamentary affairs ministry, demanding debates on issues that concern them.
the congress has pressed for a debate on the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnregs)a flagship programme of the previous upa regimeas well as drug pricing in the coming week.
the congress wants to corner the government over the rural job scheme as it is suspicious that the nda government is curtailing its reach and penetration.
the others have sought discussions on problems relating to fishermens release and food adulteration.
although these issues were raised in the lok sabha business advisory committee on thursday, speaker sumitra mahajan still has to write to the concerned ministers before planning debates.
according to sources in the ministry, the speaker will decide the timing and rules under which debates will take place in the house after getting the approval of ministers.
nitin gadkari, when he was holding the rural development portfolio, had suggested that the mgnregs be tweaked to be restricted to certain districts to plug leakages.
the new rural development minister, chaudhary birender singh, had assuaged the agitating nerves of the congress by publicly declared that the scheme helped the poor.
a senior minister, however, told deccan herald that the centre is not allocating any more funds for the upa flagship scheme, which was assigned rs 33,364 crore during the budget.
at the same time, however, he asserted that the government reserved the right to review the scheme to make it more effective.
earlier, the congress had accused the nda government of political vendetta to alter the ratio of labour to materials in the mgnregs and trying to de-control prices of life-saving drugs.
ahead of modis us visit, the congress had charged the national pharmaceutical pricing authority of withdrawing an order that had kept the prices of certain essential drugs under control.
demands for gadkari's resignation disrupt rajya sabhanew delhi, may 8, 2015 (ians) 14:58 istthe rajya sabha witnessed a ruckus on friday as opposition parties led by congress demanded resignation of transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for alleged irregularities in a company owned by him.
a report of the comptroller and auditor general (cag) has named gadkari as one of the promoters and/or directors of purti sakhar karkhana ltd. that was sanctioned a loan of rs. 84.
12 crore by the indian renewable energy development agency (ireda) in violation of guidelines.
the issue was raised during zero hour by congress mp shantaram naik, who said the minister must resign.
opposition parties demanded resignation of our ministers time to time.
.
.
now nitingadkari gadkari has to resign, said naik.
congress mp anand sharma said the government was accountable on the issue.
this is a serious matter.
.
.
the present ruling party when they were in opposition would stall the house until the action was taken.
.
.
i am saying on behalf of opposition this issue cannot be confined to zero hour, there should be accountability, said sharma.
congress members then started raising slogans demanding the minister's resignation.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the allegations were baseless.
congress party has become a confused party.
.
.
these allegations are baseless, he said.
in the din, deputy chairman p.j. kurien adjourned the house for 10 minutes.
when the house reassembled, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad again raised the issue.
this is not a question of allegation against a member; it is a cag report.
.
.
on cag reports on earlier occasions number of heads have rolled.
the bjp government inside and outside house is talking about transparency and corruption.
also in the same breath it is talking about stains (of corruption) during upa government.
here there is a proven case against a minister who had to resign because of the same reason as president of bjp.
.
.
the party may maintain he did not resign.
.
.
he has been indicted he cannot continue as minister even for a day, said azad.
the ruckus continued despite several pleas from the chair and the house saw another brief adjournment before question hour.
the scene was no different in the question hour and chairman m. hamid ansari adjourned the house for 10 minutes, then for 15 minutes, and finally till 2.
30 p.
m.
pm for action against industrial units polluting ganganew delhi, jan 6, 2015 (pti) 18:16 istpushing for time-bound effort to stop pollution of the ganga, prime minister narendra modi today said legal actions should be taken against polluting industrial units and suggested setting up of environment- friendly crematoria along the river in achieving the goal.
chairing a meeting here on ganga-cleaning process called the 'namaami gange', he said, focus should primarily be on two main areas to check pollution at the source -- urban sewage and industrial effluents.
ganga ko ganda na karen (do not pollute the ganga), the prime minister emphasised at the meeting attended by water resources minister uma bharati, urban development minister m venkaiah naidu, road and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and environment minister prakash javdekar, besides some top government officials.
he called for time-bound, swift action and single-minded focus to stop pollution of the ganga, a pmo statement said.
the prime minister was briefed about critical hotspots where the ganga is mostly polluted and the gaps in sewage treatment capacity were highlighted.
modi said industrial units should be motivated suitably to stop pollution, failing which action should be initiated within the framework of existing laws, the statement said.
a total of 764 grossly-polluting industrial units have been identified along the stretch of the river, considered the lifeline of the country.
tanneries, pulp and paper and sugar industries account for over three-fourth of this number.
modi also emphasised the need to promote recycling of industrial waste water, the statement said.
he also suggested exploring of the possibility of setting up modern, environment-friendly crematoria along the ganga, through private initiatives and enterprises.
the meeting was told that the concept of a network of volunteers to help end pollution of the river  'ganga vahini'  has been approved and steps are being taken to operationalise this network.
118 urban local bodies have been identified to be covered within five years, in a targeted attempt to control pollution.
the prime minister was also briefed on ongoing sewerage and riverfront development projects.
new delhi, apr 1, 2017, (pti) 10:49 istcongress leader digvijaya singh today sought an apology from goa cm manohar parrikar for cheating the people of the state, and asked him to thank union minister nitingadkari gadkari for aggressive mla buying, thus helping him form the government in the coastal state.
shame on you mr parrikar and your hunger for power.
you have cheated the people of goa.
apologise to them, he said on twitter.
his remarks came a day after the goa chief minister took a dig at him by thanking him for the government formation in the state.
singh said parrikar should instead thank nitingadkari gadkari for doing aggressive mla buying.
manohar parrikar thanks me for letting him form govt in goa.
if he has to thank anyone, it is nitingadkari gadkari who did aggressive mla shopping on 12th march early morning from an hotel in goa.
and the goa governor who violated the constitution, sarkaria commission guideline and the supreme court.
.
.
and robbed the mandate of people of goa, he said in a series of tweets.
in goa, the congress had emerged as the largest party after the recently held polls, but the bjp led by parrikar managed to form the government with the support of other parties.
bjp extends supportlast updated: 02 june, 2011lucknow, june 2, dhns: 0:33 istaccusing the congress-led upa government of not being serious about corruption, the bjp on thursday extended its support to yoga guru ramdevs indefinite hunger strike on the issue.
it justified the decision by saying it would support anyone fighting corruption.
congress is not bothered about black money.
.
.
he said that the matter would find a mention in the political resolution adopted at the national executive meet of the party beginning here from friday.
gadkari held upa chairperson sonia gandhi and prime minister manmohan singh responsible for the corruption, saying: the producer and director of the film on corruption are sonia gandhi and manmohan singh.
bjp leader mukhtar abbas naqvi supported the demand of the non-government members of the jan lokpal bill drafting committee for the inclusion of the prime minister and the chief justice of india under the ambit of the proposed bill.
the saffron party leader also demanded that the death row convict devinder pal singh bhuller be hanged forthwith.
bjp's alliance partner in punjab, akali dal has demanded prime minister's intervention to save bhuller from the gallows.
meanwhile, almost all senior leaders of the bjp reached the state capital on thursday to take part in the executive committee meeting.
the two-day meeting is likely to discuss the next year's assembly polls in up and some others states, land acquisition issue, internal dissension among others.
cabinet committee on security may see rejignew delhi, march 13,2017, dhns: 1:04 istdefence minister manohar parrikar.
pti file photodefence minister manohar parrikar is likely to resign from the narendra modi cabinet before he takes oath as the next goa chief minister.
the probable exit of parrikar and poor health condition of external affairs minister sushma swaraj is indicative of new faces in the cabinet committee on security, which takes most of the strategic decisions of the government.
the ministers of defence, external affairs, finance and home, along with the prime ,minister form the ccs.
parrikar was drafted in the ministry of defence in november 2014 to take over from arun jaitley who handled the defence portfolio for six months, along with his principal responsibility as the finance minister.
though the bjp leader from goa is yet to resign from the defence ministry, addressing a press conference in panaji, parrikar, along with his cabinet colleague nitingadkari gadkari, made it clear that he would resign once he received a call from the goa governor to form a government.
for most part of his tenure in the south block, parrikar never lost touch with goas politics, travelling to the coastal state almost every weekend.
he publicly rued how he missed goan food and lost four kilograms since he settled in delhi.
finding a suitable replacement for parrikar would be a priority for the modi government because of some of the key reforms he initiated in the defence sector; the most ground-breaking being the strategic partnership model.
for the first time in independent india, the strategic partnership model would allow big private corporations to be involved in manufacturing crucial heavy duty weapons like combat jets, warships, submarines, helicopters and artillery guns.
defence manufacturing so far remains an exclusive domain of the state-owned units.
parrikar was in-charge when indian army carried out the surgical strike on terror camps across indias disputed border with pakistan.
he also oversaw the implementation of one rank, one pension scheme, which led to substantial increase in the pension of the military personnel.
iran offers india control of strategic chabahar portanirban bhaumik, august 15, 2015, new delhi: dhns 2:06 istas tehran wants new delhi to raise its stake in chabahar port in iran, foreign minister of the islamic republic, mohammad javad zarif, on friday offered india a deal that not only involves developing the second phase of the port but also for operating it.
new delhi already pledged to build a container terminal and a multi-purpose cargo terminal on two berths at the chabahar port in south-eastern coast of iran.
tehrans new offer appeared to be lucrative to india, as the strategically important port could give it a sea-land access to afghanistan and central asia, bypassing pakistan.
zarif was on a visit to new delhi since thursday.
he called on prime minister narendra modi and had a meeting with external affairs minister sushma swaraj on friday.
tehrans fresh offer for new delhi on chabahar port was spelt out when iranian foreign minister had a meeting with shipping and road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
indias interest in chabahar port in iran grew further after pakistan last year handed over the control of its gwadar port to china.
the chinese peoples liberation army navy has since long been using the gwadar port, which new delhi perceives as yet another addition to the string of pearls  a series of strategic assets beijing is acquiring around india.
pakistans decision to transfer the management of the port to the overseas port holding company of china for 40 years sent jitters to india, which responded by moving fast on the chabahar port project.
the prime minister conveyed to the iranian foreign minister new delhis commitment to work with tehran for development of the chabahar port, which would have far reaching benefit, not only for the people of india and iran, but also for afghanistan and the entire central asia region.
hugely beneficialgadkari later said that irans latest offer on the second phase of the chabahar port appeared to be hugely beneficial for india and the government would soon take a call.
zarif and gadkari on friday also discussed the proposed india-iran-afghanistan transit trade agreement.
they agreed on the need to expeditiously conclude the agreement, which will enable the potential of chabahar port to be realised.
zarif was tehrans chief negotiator for the recently-concluded deal with e3+3 (us, russia, china, uk, france and germany) over nuclear programme of iran.
his was the first high-level visit from tehran to new delhi after the landmark deal was inked last month.
as the deal raised prospects of easing of sanctions imposed on the islamic republic by the us, european union and united nations, both new delhi and tehran are now keen to breathe fresh life into the bilateral economic engagement.
zarif conveyed to modi that iran considered india its strategic partner and could never forget the support india extended to iran during its difficult times.
he is also understood to have indicated tehrans willingness to favourably consider the proposal of ongc videsh limited of india to return to the farzad b gas field in iran.
not only the ovl, but also other state-owned companies of india had to abandonhydrocarbon projects in iran due to strict sanctions imposed on the islamic republic.
new delhi is also discussing with tehran ways to clear payment for crude oil india imported from iran in the past years.
sanctions on iran had made it difficult for india to make payments.
new delhi, mar 4, 2016 (pti) 11:31 istprime minister narendra modi today said india is set to take a quantum leap in infrastructure and the government is committed to strengthening it.
the prime minister today unveiled an ambitious rs 50,800-crore setu bharatam project, under which a total of 208 railway crossings will be replaced by rail over bridges (robs).
as part of the project, 1,500 bridges of the british era will be overhauled at an estimated expenditure of rs 30,000 crore.
altogether, these robs and bridges are planned to be completed by 2019 at an estimated cost of rs 50,800 crore, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said on the occasion.
the ministry has already launched an indian bridge management system to map 1,50,000 bridges across the country.
till now, an inventory of 50,000 bridges has been prepared while the first cycle of condition survey will be completed by june this year.
srinagar, jan 10, 2016 (pti) 19:48 istas suspense over formation of new government in jammu and kashmir continued, pdp leader mehbooba mufti was today visited by congress president sonia gandhi and union minister nitingadkari gadkari for mourning but the meetings were seen with political significance.
the meetings took place even as bjp leader and former deputy chief minister nirmal singh expressed confidence that the alliance with pdp will continue as he said the party has written to governor n n vohra saying it will have a discussion on whatever decision the the ally takes.
gandhi, who arrived from delhi, drove straight from the airport to the fairview residence of mehbooba in gupkar here at 3 pm.
she stayed with the pdp president for about 20 minutes and paid rich tributes to her father and former chief minister mufti mohammad sayeed who passed away last thursday.
gandhi, whose party ran a coalition government with pdp between 2002 and 2008, described mufti as a fine administrator committed to the welfare of the people of the state and one who reflected the best of indian values rooted in respect for diversity and anchored in tolerance.
noting that in 2002 he had committed to provide a 'healing touch' as chief minister, she said, mufti saheb cut across party boundaries.
he was beyond party affiliations.
he belonged to everybody.
gandhi was accompanied by leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, party general secretary ambika soni, state congress chief g a mir and party leader saifuddin soz.
azad later said there is no politics in this and no politics should be understood of this (meeting).
we have come here only for condoling and there is no other motive.
gandhi had come here as mehbooba has had long association with her and congress, he told reporters.
mehbooba and her father were in congress before floating pdp in 1999.
she represented congress once in lok sabha also.
soon after gandhi's meeting, gadkari, union surface transport minister and senior bjp leader, visited mehbooba to offer condolences on the demise of her father.
it is no time to talk politics.
i have come here to convey condolences on behalf of the central government, he told reporters later.
we will try to fulfill all the assurances given to him on jammu and kashmir, the minister said.
the meetings are seen as politically significant as bjp, an ally of pdp, has yet not officially extended support to mehbooba for the chief ministership after mufti's demise.
congress earlier shared power with pdp before having a bitter split in 2008.
gandhi's flying into here to meet mehbooba assumes significance as there are reports that pdp and bjp are bargaining afresh over the formation of a new government.
pdp has already given a letter to governor n n vohra, saying that all its 27 mlas support mehbooba for the chief ministership.
but mehbooba has reportedly said that she will not take oath till the end of mourning period for her father, which is the fourth day that falls today.
vohra on friday had asked both pdp and bjp to convey their position on the government formation.
since bjp did not convey its position, governor's rule was imposed in the state.
bjp has 25 mlas in the 87-member assembly while congress has 12 and national conference has 15.
meanwhile, nirmal singh expressed confidence that the alliance will continue.
till now we all were in mourning.
we will see.
there have been no discussions on that (government formation), (but) it is expected that the way things were going earlier, that (alliance) would continue.
i am praying that we soon have a system in place, he said in bijbehara, muftis' home town.
the party has said we want and we have written a letter to the governor yesterday and told him that we will have a discussion on whatever decision the pdp takes, he said.
singh said no discussions on government formation in the state have taken place between pdp and bjp so far because of the customary four-day mourning period following the demise former chief minister mufti mohammad sayeed.
the mourning period ended today.
everyone is sad and mourning.
after this, we will start discussions, he said when asked if bjp had any differences with its alliance partner over the succession of sayeed's daughter and pdp president mehbooba mufti as the next chief minister.
paying tributes to mufti, singh said sayeed's endeavour was to provide good governance to jammu and kashmir.
there is a huge responsibility now to provide good governance to people in his absence and to carry forward what he achieved in the last 10 months.
a huge void has been created by his demise.
though he is not physically present now, his work and memories are before the people of jammu and kashmir and that needs to be carried forward, he said.
'come elections, 60 bjp mlas will join my party'vijesh kamath, bangalore, dec 6, 2012, dhns : 0:35 istrally at haveri will be a testimony to my support base: yeddyurappaformer chief minister b s yeddyurappa will be formally launching his new political outfit - karnataka janata party - in haveri on december 9.
ahead of the much-hyped political convention, in an interview with deccan herald on thursday, yeddyurappa gave insights into his four decades of association with the bharatiya janata party (bjp), his support base, future game-plan and the emerging political power play in the state.
at what point of time did you decide to quit the bjp and launch your own political party?
it was around five months ago that i found the atmosphere in the bjp too suffocating to continue and took a decision that i will no longer associate myself with the party.
the bjp central leadership always desired that i dance to their tunes.
even as chief minister, i was not allowed to take decisions independently.
at the state level, k s eshwarappa and h n ananth kumar hatched conspiracies against me.
i was made to look like a culprit.
you claim to have the support of 70 mlas.
with that number you could have fought your opponents by staying in the party.
when the central leadership itself does not keep its word, whats the point in continuing in such a party?
bjp president nitingadkari gadkari had promised me that i would be made state president within 24 hours after i stepped down as chief minister.
besides, we badly need a regional party to protect the interests of the state.
be it the cauvery issue, allocation of power from the national grid, classical language status to kannada, allocation of funds for drought and flood relief, injustice is being meted out to the state.
but, you are on record having stated in the assembly that regional parties (read jd-s) had become a curse and needed to be rooted out.
i do not deny having said that.
but, the situation has changed.
national parties are becoming defunct.
it is because of regional parties that the upa is in power at the centre today.
how many mlas/ ministers from the bjp will join the kjp?
i did not float the kjp by solely depending on my mlas and ministers.
i will give priority to new faces and, have started shortlisting candidates for around 100 constituencies.
we installed jagadish shettar as chief minister and want him to complete his tenure.
but, once the elections are announced 50 to 60 mlas, including ministers, will join the kjp.
will these mlas/ministers participate in the december 9 haveri rally?
i have told them not to attend.
however, if some of them voluntarily come and share the dais with me, i cannot do anything.
i am not anticipating anything.
if there is a hung assembly, will your party enter into an alliance to form a coalition government?
i do not think that situation will arise.
i have never gone wrong in my political calculations.
ahead of the assembly polls in 2008, i predicted that the bjp will get around 115 seats and the assessment proved correct.
in the present political scenario i am confident that kjp will get absolute majority.
but how will you muster the numbers?
your support base is confined only to certain belts in the state.
the haveri programme will be a witness to my support base.
it will be an unprecedented show of strength by a party in the history of karnataka politics.
what about urban pockets and bangalore.
can kjp win in these constituencies?
at present, i am not concentrating on bangalore.
after the legislature session, i plan to hold a separate a convention there.
there is a perception that after becoming chief minister you have emerged as the leader of one community.
give me one instance during my tenure as cm to prove that i favoured one community.
all my programmes, be it bhagyalakshmi scheme, old age pension, milk subsidy for farmers, were for the benefit of all.
it is heard in political circles that you have arrived at an understanding with congress so that cbi goes slow on the cases against you.
the cbi has already filed the charge-sheet against me.
i have full faith in the judiciary.
i will come out clean.
i do not need the help of anyone.
who do you consider your main rival in the assembly polls  the bjp, congress or the jd(s)?
it is too early to have a take on that.
bjp reaches out to jd-unew delhi, june 13, 2013, dhns: 2:23 istparty leaders tell sharad yadav not to pull out of ndasenior bjp leaders nitingadkari gadkari and mukhtar abbas naqvi on thursday met janata dal-united (jd-u) chief sharad yadav at his residence to persuade him not to pull out of the nda.
the bjp leaders are said to have persuaded their 17-year-old ally to soften its stance on narendra modi, but they got no assurance from the jd-u.
yadav told reporters that efforts are underway to improve the tense situation.
he termed the leaders his friends in the bjp.
the nda exists right now and we are working so that the situation that has taken a bad shape can be improved, he said.
replying to questions on whether the jd-u would reconsider its plans to sever ties with the bjp, yadav said: talks are on between the bjp and the jd-u.
we are also talking to our important workers.
a meeting of the party will be held, where we will take a decision.
party sources said the bjp leaders emphasised that the pull out contemplated by the jd-u should be postponed for now.
there should be no hurry as modi is yet to be made the prime ministerial candidate.
if at all a decision to that effect is taken, the nda allies will be consulted.
the bjp leaders also reiterated that appointing modi the partys campaign committee head was an internal matter.
the bjp sources said gadkari called on party president rajnath singh after meeting yadav and told him that the jd-u wanted an assurance that modi would not be projected as the prime ministerial candidate.
singh is believed to have said that modi was the most popular leader of the party.
in reply to a question on the issue, bjp spokesperson nirmala sitharaman said: i dont think there is an assurance to the jd-u on who will or who will not be the prime ministerial candidate of the party.
the bjp leaders have been saying that the popular mandate of the people was for both parties to give good governance and get rid of the jungle raj in the state, which they have to honour.
former bjp president m venkaiah naidu said in hyderabad: some friends in the jd-u are making derogatory remarks about modi which will neither help them nor the country.
please follow the coalition dharma.
it is a 'suit boot ki sarkar', says rahulnew delhi, apr 20, 2015 (pti) 21:34 isttaking a dig at prime minister narendra modi, rahul gandhi today termed his government as a 'suit boot ki sarkar' (a government of suit), an apparent reference to a costly suit with his name engraved that he had worn during the visit of us president barack obama in january.
yeh to suit boot ki sarkar hai (this is government of suit boot).
.
.
, the congress vice president said in the lok sabha while participating in a discussion on agrarian situation.
as the ruling bjp members protested strongly, he said, chalo suit ki baat khatam ho gayi hai (the talk about suit is over).
you auctioned it.
i will not speak about it now.
happy?
during his speech, rahul referred to modi as aap ke pradhan mantri (your prime minister) as he was targeting the bjp.
when some bjp members said modi was the prime minister of the country, rahul said, ok, desh ke pradhan mantri hai (the country's prime minister).
.
.
but is he not your prime minister?
in another dig at the government, gandhi said union minister nitingadkari gadkari is the only person in the ruling party who speaks his heart.
he (gadkari) had said farmers should not depend on god or the government,, he noted, adding that it was dil ki baat, mann ki baat (talk from the heart).
while some ruling members were raising slogans disrupting rahul's speech, parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu intervened and said that everybody has a democratic right to speak in the house.
nobody should disrupt and those who want to speak can do that later.
mod, navy to convert ageing aircraft carrier into a floating museumnew delhi: july 7, 2015, dhns 1:30 ista year before its decommissioning by mid-2016, the defence ministry has asked the navy to decide on the post-retirement plan for the ageing aircraft carrier ins viraat.
learning from the ins vikrant experience that triggered a campaign involving political heavyweights like nitingadkari gadkari, indian navy has now floated the idea of converting ins viraat into a floating museum.
an early response has come from andhra pradesh, which is ready to spend close to rs 20 crore on the project.
the warhorse will fade into the sunset after the international fleet review in visakhapatnam in february 2016 followed by visits to the naval bases on the east and west coast.
the ship will celebrate its last anniversary on may 11 before it calls it a day.
this leaves the navy with a year to determine the future of ins viraat that was commissioned on may 12, 1987.
before serving the indian navy, it was in the royal navy where the ship was commissioned in 1959 as hms hermes.
with 56 years of service, it is the world's oldest operational aircraft carrier.
a proposal from the andhra pradesh tourism development corporation has been received.
we are seriously considering the museum plan and will take a decision before the decommissioning, said a navy officer.
the navy has burnt its fingers with india's first aircraft carrier ins vikrant because the decision to sell off the scrap triggered a political row and a save vikrant campaign after it was auctioned to ib commercial for rs 60 crore.
ins vikrant that saw action in 1971 war, was decommissioned in january 1997.
a year later, maharashtra government proposed to convert the warship into a museum and defence ministry approved free transfer of the ship to the state in 1999.
however in 2012, maharashtra indicated its inability to stay committed to the project because of the cost involved, leaving few options for the defence ministry and navy, notwithstanding the military heritage of the ship.
that's why we want a decision before ins viraat is decommissioned, said the official.
aptdc plans to dock the warship in kakinada port to attract tourists.
andhra pradesh government in the past had converted a decommissioned kalvari class submarine into a museum, which is now anchored in visakhapatnam.
the navy had also transferred another decommissioned vela class submarine to tamil nadu to use the vessel as a museum.
party hails ayodhya verdictlast updated: 08 january, 2011guwahati, jan 8, dhns: 0:33 istthe bjp on saturday welcomed the allahabad high court verdict on the ramjanmabhoomi-babri majid case, wishing for the construction of ''a grand ram temple'' at the disputed site in ayodhya.
he said it was unfortunate that a court judgment was being questioned by a section of people.
we are all happy that last year witnessed the historic ruling on ram janma bhoomi.
we have already welcomed this judgment and we do hope that all sections of society will now help make a grand ram mandir at ayodhya possible, he said.
choosing maharashtra ministers is tightrope walkmumbai, oct 29, 2014, dhns: 1:15 istchoosing his council of ministers will be a tightrope walk for maharashtra chief minister-designate devendra fadnavis, as there will be a need to do a balancing act in the run up to the formation of the bjp-led government.
the 44-year-old would be required to induct some young ministers and at the same time ensure that senior leaders are accommodated while ensuring all regions are given proper representation.
fadnavis, a brahmin, who hails from vidarbha region  where there has been a demand of statehood  would have to ensure that all regions get proper representation besides, he would have to ensure that all communities  brahmins, marathas, obcs, scs, sts and muslims get representation.
women also need to be accommodated while allies and independents may bay for ministerial berths.
fadnavis is likely to keep urban development, housing and general administration departments.
fadnavis was picked to head the government because of the blessings of prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah, but he had faced a tough task as there were many contenders.
the supporters of union shipping and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, leader of opposition in the maharashtra legislative assembly eknath khadse had staged a show of strength over the last week.
besides, leader of opposition in maharashtra legislative council vinod tawde, former tourism minister sudhir mungantiwar and late gopinath mundes daughter pankaja munde-palve too were said to be in the race.
as far as the post of speaker is concerned, the names that are doing rounds are khadse and senior leader girish bapat, who hails from pune.
in case bapat agrees to be speaker, then khadse, who is from north maharashtra, would be in the ministry and he has to be given ministries like finance or revenue  given his stature and his experience.
tawde, who hails from mumbai, is a strong contender for the home portfolio.
mungantiwar, who hails from vidarbha would have to be given an important portfolio.
pankaja, who is from marathwada too needs to be accommodated in the ministry.
mumbai bjp president ashish shelar is a strong contender for the public works ministry.
senior leader chandrakant patil, who is an mlc, may be accommodated in the ministry  but he may also be considered for the post of maharashtra bjp president, currently held by fadnavis.
two mlas from mumbai prakash mehta, who is a gujarati and raj purohit, who is a marwari, are being considered for energy and excise departments.
pasha patel may also be inducted.
bjp leader mungantiwar pitches for nitingadkari gadkari as maha cmmumbai, oct 21, 2014, (pti): 19:33 isteven as maharashtra bjp president devendra fadnavis is said to be in the reckoning to lead the state as first chief minister of the saffron party, his predecessor sudhir mungantiwar today came out strongly in favour of union minister and senior leader nitingadkari gadkari for the coveted post.
state bjp leaders feel that nitingadkari gadkariji should come back to the state politics and take up the position of the cm of maharashtra.
he has a lot of administrative experience behind him which makes him an ideal candidate, said mungantiwar, also a member of state bjp core committee.
we all demand, in fact, the party here in maharashtra wants gadkari to be cm, he said.
responding to a query, mungantiwar said shiv sena should extend its support to bjp for forming government without setting any preconditions.
i feel shiv sena should support us in forming the next government without having any pre-conditions.
as far as the support of ncp is concerned, there is no harm in thinking on their proposal as they have decided to provide an unconditional support to our party, he said.
when contacted, senior party leader rajiv pratap rudy refused to comment.
bjp, which wrested maharashtra from congress-ncp by winning 123 seats in recently held assembly elections, has failed to reach the magic figure of 145 seats required to form government on its own in the 288-member house.
the political scene in the state hot up after sharad pawar-led ncp, which won 41 seats, offered its unconditional outside support to bjp to form government, virtually checkmating bjp's erstwhile ally shiv sena from foisting upon any pre-conditions on bjp in return of its support.
though names of gadkari and other senior leaders like eknath khadse and vinod tawde were also doing rounds for the chief minister's post, bjp mla pankaja munde, daughter of party stalwart (late) gopinath munde, had caused a flutter saying that public sentiment was for her to occupy the coveted post.
she later clarified that she was not in race for cm.
fadnavis had earlier said that there are no front runners or back runners in the race for chief ministership in his party.
so far, bjp has not taken any decision on the chief minister of maharashtra and is likely to take it after diwali.
last updated: 09 october, 2011deepak k upreti, new delhi, oct 8, dhns 0:40 istthe rss, which in 2009 picked nitingadkari gadkari as the bjp's youngest ever president, has now thrown its full weight behind him enhancing his stature, and may have ensured him a second tenure at the expiry of his current tenure by 2012 end.
sources told deccan herald that the nagpur-based outfit is not averse to continue with gadkari as party president to counter-balance the internal rivalry among various leaders projecting themselves as the bjps prime ministerial candidate in the next lok sabha elections.
modis defiance of the party in not attending the national executive meeting in new delhi last month has upset the rss, which is now extending full support to gadkari to undermine modis political stature.
the sangh parivars attempt has tactical backing of party leaders like sushma swaraj and arun jaitley - two other prime ministerial candidates who are opposed to modis entry into the national politics.
it is understood that gadkari may even be asked to contest for lok sabha from nagpur and enter parliament to stake his rightful claim.
in an apparent attempt at image makeover, the bjp president had recently went under the knife at a mumbai hospital to cut down his bulk that has been a cartoonists fantasy.
gadkaris followers do not rule out his projection as the partys prime ministerial candidate in the next elections.
a senior party leader, however, dismissed the projection as premature, saying the issue would be decided much later.
modis snub to the important party meet is being seen by the bjp and the rss as a challenge to the organisational structure.
sources said the party constitution might be amended to facilitate gadkaris extended stay at the top party post beyond 2012.
the apparent effort to raise gadkaris persona was evident saturday, when a collection of his speeches in a book titled vikas ke path was launched at a grand function in delhis siri fort auditorium.
the launch function was attended by key rss leader suresh soni along with l k advani.
50 taken into custody for black flag demonstration against gadkarilast updated: 20 february, 2011bangalore, feb 20 (pti) 17:26 istover 50 activists of a kannada protagonist organisation were taken into custody when they staged a black flag demonstration against bjp president nitingadkari gadkari in protest against the party fielding an ''outsider'' to contest the march 3 rajya sabha by-poll from karnataka.
the bjp has chosen actress hema malini, who will file her nomination papers tomorrow, for the bypoll.
the by-election was necessitated to fill up the vacancy caused by the death of m rajsekhara murthy of jd-s.
activists of karnataka rakshana vedike staged the protest in front of bengaluru international airport when gadkari arrived here to participate in a rally organised by bjp.
the rally is being held to mark the completion of 1000 days in office of the first bjp government in the south.
chief minister b s yeddyurappa had yesterday welcomed the bjp central leadership's decision to field her from the state, amid reports that ruling bjp's karnataka unit was ignored in selecting hema malini to contest the by-poll.
new delhi, nov 13, 2015, dhns 1:09 istthe voices within the bjp seem to be getting shriller after two back-to-back electoral drubbing, with party mp bhola singh joining four veterans led by l k advani to demand fixing of responsibility for the humiliating defeat in bihar assembly polls.
rebel actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha also fired a fresh salvo, saying that the party should not run away from accepting responsibility for the defeat.
right and high time to follow the friend, philosopher, guru, guiding light & his team of 4.
relay race has begun.
gang of 4-bang on target, sinha said in a series of tweets.
advani, m m joshi, shanta kumar and yashwant sinha in a joint statement had refused to accept the assessment of partys parliamentary board that the loss in bihar was a collective responsibility and sought accountability.
bhola singh and shatrughan sinha were on the same page that leadership cannot limit itself to enjoying kudos after victory.
the situation during the parliamentary elections had helped modi magic create an impression among voters.
.
.
.
but it is nowhere seen now when the situation has become normal.
the bihar poll outcome has proved that modi magic is not durable, singh said.
taking on party chief amit shah, singh said the top brass was drunk in power and always surrounded by sycophants.
at a time when the knives are out in the organisation, the modi-shah camp is divided on whether action should be initiated against veterans and other colleagues who are damaging the partys image through controversial statements.
while nitingadkari gadkari has sought action against them, rajnath singh is believed to be of the view that dissidents should not be crushed.
singh felt that suggestions of the veterans should be pondered over since patriarch advani and joshi have experience and contributed immensely to the partys growth.
singh, gadkari and m venkaiah naidu were three former party chiefs who had issued a counter statement disagreeing with veterans views.
promoting waterways is the top-most priority of my ministry.
we have identified 101 rivers across the nation to be converted into waterways, which are much cheaper mode of transport, the minister for road transport, highways and shipping said.
the government has so far declared only five river stretches as waterways.
he said a slew of steps were underway to promote the sector as the country was yet to tap the potential of waterways despite being cost effective than road and rail transport adding that waterways could contribute significantly in propelling economic growth.
he said his ministry was committed to reducing traffic burden from roads and promote water transportation where transportation cost is barely 50 paise a km in comparison to re 1 by railways and rs 1.
5 a km through roads.
inland waterways comprising rivers, lakes, canals, creeks, backwaters etc.
extend to about 14,500 km in the country.
however, potential of this mode of transport has not been fully exploited so far.
the government has already decided to launch pm jal marg yojna and projects for setting up dry and satellite ports, besides converting riverways into waterways.
.
.
in a bid to boost water transport, we have requested the prime minister to launch pm jal marg yojna, which will change the face of india.
recently inland waterways authority of india (iwai) signed a pact with odisha government, paradip port and dhamra port to develop commercially viable stretches of national waterway 5.
in the national waterway-5, east coast canal has been integrated with brahmini river and mahanadi delta rivers (588 km).
also a project to develop national waterways -4, sholinganallur-kallapakkam stretch of south buckingham canal has been sanctioned.
the national waterways-1, 2 & 3 have been made operationalfive of the river-stretches, which have been declared as national waterways, include ganga-bhagirathi-hooghly river system (allahabad-haldia-1620 km); river brahmaputra (dhubri-sadiya-891 km); west coast canal (kottapuram-kollam) along with udyogmandal and champakara canals-(205 km); kakinada-puducherry canals along with godavari and krishna rivers (1078 km) and east coast canal integrated with brahmani river and mahanadi delta rivers (588 km).
ls winds up day 1 amid bedlamlast updated: 22 november, 2011new delhi, november 22, dhns: 1:11 istwinter session: chill in housethe lok sabha witnessed a stormy start on tuesday with the opposition protesting against home minister p chidambarams presence and forcing adjournment of the house for the day.
the unruly mood in the winter session may, however, not last long as major political parties were not interested in a logjam.
on wednesday, the house is expected to debate union finance minister pranab mukherjees statement on price rise, that was placed before the house on tuesday amid constant disruption of the proceedings.
senior bjp leader yashwant sinha said his party was keen on smooth running of parliament and discussing price rise so that the common man gets relief.
bjp president nitingadkari gadkari interacted with mukherjee monday night and the left parties led-by sitaram yechuri held a meeting with the finance minister on tuesday to work out a solution to the impasse.
thirteen bills are pending passage, many of them related to economy and finance.
according to the house secretariat, there are also 14 adjournment notices and nine for suspension of question hour.
the house plunged into chaos soon after opening for the day on tuesday as the bjp members targeted the home minister, who rose to reply to a question on maoist violence.
chidambaram, who was shouted down by the bjp members, sat down without reacting.
bjp-led nda was boycotting chidambaram for his alleged role in the 2g spectrum scam and demanded his resignation.
speaker meira kumar made obituary references to deceased members, including former union minister vasant sathe, who passed away a few months ago.
newly elected member kuldeep bishnoi from haryana was sworn in.
question hour could not be taken up as the first question was to be answered by the home minister.
the rajya sabha was adjourned to mourn the death of two members, ram dayal munda and silvious condapen.
before the two houses met at 11 am, prime minister manmohan singh appealed to all the parties not to boycott the home minister as he said there was no case as made out by newspapers.
i sincerely hope that all political parties will realise that we have some very important pieces of legislation which are going to be presented in this session, and our countrys sustained development and prosperity demands that many of those bills should be converted as acts of parliament, the prime minister told newspersons.
singh said the parliament has to discuss the lok pal bill aimed at fighting corruption.
the house was adjourned until 12 noon when bjp members did not relent and the left parties sought an adjournment motion on price rise.
the proposed division of uttar pradesh, the demand for telangana and price rise were also taken up by opposition.
when the house resumed proceedings, the left pressed for the adjournment motion and bedlam continued prompting the speaker to adjourned the house for the day.
d-day tomorrow for dmk, aiadmklast updated: 12 april, 2011chennai, apr 12 (pti) 11:41 istafter an acrimonious fourteen-day election campaign, arch rivals ruling dmk and opposition aiadmk have held their breath as the over 4.
6 crore-strong electorate in tamil nadu will decide who among them will assert political supremacy on polling day tomorrow.
political heavyweights among the 2,773 candidates who will have their fates sealed include dmk leader and chief minister m karunanidhi (tiruvarur), his arch rival and aiadmk chief jayalalithaa (srirangam), karunanidhi's son and deputy chief minister m k stalin (kolathur) and dmdk actor-founder vijayakanth (rishivandyam).
both karunanidhi and jayalalithaa had confidently asserted during a no holds barred campaign for the assembly election that their party would form the next government.
electioneering was on a quiet mode this time around without the usual poll trappings like writings on walls and posters due to the election commission's hawk eyed vigil.
personal attacks against karunanidhi and his family members by jayalalithaa and vijayakant and against the aiadmk chief by stalin, as well as complaints by rival party leaders against each other to the ec forced the commission to send notices to these leaders, seeking explanations.
the ec had imposed a lot of restrictions and transferred some district collectors, dgp and other top police officials on complaints that they were acting in a partisan manner.
the commission's actions had prompted karunanidhi, who harped on the theme of development during the campaign, to go hammer and tongs against it, charging the ec with seeming to favour the opposition and even stating that tamil nadu was under a 'mini emergency'.
his bete noire jayalalithaa on the other hand targeted him over rampant corruption and collapse of law and order and asked the voters to rid the state of the dmk patriarch's 'family rule'.
hike in prices of essential commodities and frequent power cuts were issues picked up by the opposition to attack the dmk government during the campaign.
a host of national leaders including prime minister manmohan singh, aicc president sonia gandhi, aicc general secretary rahul gandhi, bjp leaders l k advani, nitingadkari gadkari, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley and narendra modi, left leaders prakash karat and a b bardhan had descended on tamil nadu during the fortnight to campaign for their party's nominees.
the ruling dmk is contesting 119 seats in the 234 member assembly, leaving 63 seats to congress, 30 to pmk, 10 to viduthalai chirutagal katchi, seven to kongu munnetra katchi, three to iuml and one each to moovendar munnetra kazhagam and perunthalaivar katchi.
aiadmk is contesting 162 seats and has allocated 41 seats to dmdk, 12 to cpi-m, 10 to cpi, three to manitha neya makkal matchi, two to all india samuthuva makkal katchi, one each to aifb, all india movendar munnetra kazhagam, rpi and kongu ilaginar peravai.
modi welcomes advanilast updated: 06 november, 2011vapi (gujarat), nov 6, (pti): 18:52 istafter the recent reported cold war between the two, gujarat chief minister narendra modi today welcomed l k advani who arrived here on his anti- corruption yatra.
modi, considered a prime ministerial candidate and who was reportedly upset over advani being also in the run for it, got into the bus and garlanded him while receiving him in the state.
however, observers said that the cold vibes between them may not be completely over because modi did not take the throne-like seat next to advani and sat two chairs away from him.
both were also not seen exchanging words.
the congress (leaders) say they are 'helpless' about corruption, but i say it is their helplessness and not ours.
fight against corruption will continue, be it through, anna hazare, baba ramdev or advaniji.
the corrupt government will have to come down, modi said.
advani returned the chief minister's compliments lauding him for good governance and making the state corruption-free.
he said that he was overwhelmed by the reception he received in the state.
gujarat is the only state in the country, where there is good governance and 'swaraj'.
this has been possible under the able leadership of narendra modi, he said.
after advani announced the nation-wide yatra, which took his party by suprise, modi announced his own three-day 'sadbhavna' fast which observers had seen as a counter to advani's plan.
still advani went to ahmedabad to express his solidarity with modi in his fast.
however, modi did not attend the bjp national executive meeting in delhi and the reason touted was that he was upset over induction of his betenoire sanjay joshi into the executive by party president nitingadkari gadkari.
advani also raked up the name of bihar chief minister nitish kumar, with whom modi does not share a good relationship.
he said he had often brought the matter of gujarat's good governance to the notice of kumar.
when nitish kumar was the railway minister, i told him to conduct a survey of ticketless passengers and said that the least number of such passengers were bound to be found in gujarat, he said.
include kannada on milestones, umashree urges centreseptember 18, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:21 istpointing out that milestones and highway hoardings in karnataka were largely in english or hindi, kannada and culture minister umashree has asked the ministry of road transport and highways to include kannada boards.
umashree, who shot off a letter in this regard to union minister nitingadkari gadkari on saturday, has also cited instances of friction between kannadiga road users and non-kannadiga, employees deputed by the national highways authority of india (nhai), at the tollgates.
stating that milestones in most states were in the local languages, apart from hindi and english, she has said, people from our own state, who travel on these roads, are continuously finding themselves in an alien atmosphere.
it is a reason for worry, considering our resilient and emotional mindsets.
further, she has appealed to the nhai to employ locals at the tollgates.
i earnestly urge you to consider and address these issues on priority so that the spirit of our constitution is upheld, the letter adds.
new delhi/bangalore, july 14, 2012, dhns: 0:34 istmembers from dvs cabinet to retain portfoliosthe portfolio imbroglio in the ruling party is likely to end on sunday, with the party leadership proposing a temporary arrangement.
it is understood that a proposal has been put forth by a senior leader that the porfolios held by 21 ministers in the sadananda gowda cabinet (who have been continued in the shettar ministry) be retained.
the portfolios held by gowda in the previous ministry could be allotted to the new faces in the present cabinet.
this would be a temporary arrangement.
a further reallocation of porfolios could be taken up after a month.
intense lobbying for portfolios by ministers and the factions backing them has prevented jagadish shettar from allocating responsibilities to his 33 cabinet colleagues, even three days after they were sworn in as ministers.
as per the proposal, deputy chief minister k s eshwarappa will be given revenue and rural development and panchayat raj ministries, while r ashoka will continue as transport and home minister.
shettar will hold finance besides mines and geology.
aravind limbavali will be given health, d n jeevaraj will get food and civil supplies, c t ravi higher education, b j puttaswamy co-operation, anand singh tourism, kalakappa bandi women and child development, s k belubbi agriculture marketing, sunil valyapure infrastructure development, kota srinivas poojary muzarai and s shivanna sericulture.
the proposal has got the stamp of approval of the central leadership.
discussions on the proposal will be held in bangalore on sunday, before a final announcement is made, sources said.
with the bjp core team, which met in bangalore on friday to discuss the allocation of portfolios, failing to arrive at any consensus, jagadish shettar and his deputy r ashoka rushed to delhi on saturday evening, seeking the intervention of the central leadership.
they met party national president nitingadkari gadkari and senior leader l k advani.
though officially, the trip to the capital was described as a courtesy call, the real motive was to clear the logjam over the allocation of ministries.
when asked whether there were differences among the chief minister and his deputies over portfolio distribution, shettar said, there are no differences over portfolios and we are united.
in bangalore, the day began with shettar holding discussions with eshwarappa and ashoka and former chief minister sadananda gowda.
he was also in constant touch with yeddyurappa.
yeddyurappa is learnt to have reiterated his stand that the portfolios of the nine ministers from his camp (who had been continued from the gowda cabinet) be retained.
moily flays bjp for slamming centre's advisory to karna govtlast updated: 28 may, 2011karkala (karna),may 28 (pti) 15:13 istlaw minister m veerappa moily today slammed bjp for criticising the advisory sent by the centre to the b s yeddyurappa government in karnataka, saying the party should have taken it in the right spirit.
the centre acted in a responsible manner, despite bjp being engaged in a malicious campaign against congress to gain sympathy from the people after governor h r bhardwaj sent in his report to the centre.
but bjp's attempts failed, he said.
bjp should have taken the centre's advisory in the right spirit.
allegations of corruption and illegal mining faced by yeddyurappa government was not created by congress, moily told reporters here.
it was the supreme court appointed central empowered committee which brought to light the menace of illegal mining going on in karnataka after which yeddyurappa government has come under the cloud of corruption charges, he said.
it was on the basis of these allegations the centre had sent the advisory, he added.
yeddyurappa had said he has sent the copy of the advisory to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari, seeking advice on future steps the state should take on the issue.
yeddyurappa and bjp's top brass have been highly critical of the advisory.
the centre had sent the advisory after rejecting the governor's report recommending imposition of president's rule.
criticising bjp, moily claimed the party would be decimated in the next general elections to be held in 2013.
bjp, which was routed in the recent assembly polls held in five states, including tamil nadu and west bengal, would face similar poll prospects in 2013 elections also, he said.
anti-graft crusader anna hazare has not set any deadline over the jan lokpal bill, draft of which would be ready by june 30, moily told reporters in mangalore.
the government will introduce the bill in the coming parliament session and it was left to parliament to decide on its passage, he said.
on the accusation made by bjp against the government in deciding the fate of afzal guru, sentenced to death for his role in attack on parliament in december 2001, moily said that the party is only making baseless allegations.
modi likely to expand council of ministers on sundaynew delhi, nov 6 , 2014,(pti) 17:36 istprime minister narendra modi is likely to expand his council of ministers on sunday with top bjp leaders maintaining that at least six new faces, including goa chief minister manohar parrikar are expected to be inducted.
though bjp top brass remained tight-lipped on the issue, party sources said mukhtar abbas naqvi, its prominent muslim face; its youth wing president anurag thakur besides parrikar are being considered for a ministerial berth.
incidentally, andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu, whose telugu desam party is a bjp ally, also indicated that an expansion of the cabinet is on the cards.
you will know details about the cabinet expansion in two days, said naidu, who walked off the stage for a few minutes during an interview at the world economic forum's india summit here to attend a phone call but refused to identify the caller.
some new faces from bihar and rajasthan besides a few from bjp allies like shiv sena and tdp are expected to find a place in the government, sources indicated.
meanwhile, modi's visit to the rashtrapati bhavan in the morning to attend a gurbani recital to mark the birth anniversary of guru nanak also triggered speculation that it was in the context of a possible reshuffle of the union council of ministers.
however, pmo sources said the visit was purely for the gurbani programme being held in the bhavan and which was also attended by vice president hamid ansari among others.
there are currently 22 cabinet members and same number of ministers of state, including 10 with independent charge.
many bjp leaders like nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, prakash javadekar, nirmala sitharaman and piyush goyal have charge of multiple ministries.
and the exercise is aimed to streamline the portfolios.
amid indications of parrikar being elevated as union minister, bjp's goa unit is expected to finalise his successor.
according to party sources, parrikar is currently in new delhi along with goa unit president vinay tendulkar and general secretary satish dhond is expected to join them.
parrikar yesterday held a meeting with bjp president amit shah in delhi amid reports that he could get the defence portfolio in the union cabinet.
later in the night, he followed it up with a meeting with modi and told reporters that they only discussed goa issues.
if the reshuffle of the ministry takes takes place, this will be the first recasting of his council of ministers by modi after he assumed office in may after the general elections.
sunday is being talked about as the day for the exercise as modi is scheduled to leave on a three-nation nine-day tour on november 11.
parliament is scheduled to see the start of winter session from november 24 and so the new ministers could have some time to prepare themselves to face the house.
mumbai: oct 31, 2014, pti 18:56 istdevendra fadnavis was today sworn in as chief minister of the first bjp government in maharashtra at a grand ceremony where shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray made a last-minute appearance, raising the possibility of a rapprochement between the saffron parties.
44-year-old fadnavis, a third time mla and the second brahmin to occupy the top post in the state, was administered the oath of office and secrecy by governor c vidyasagar rao at the wankhede stadium in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah, several union ministers and veterans l k advani and mm joshi among others.
chief ministers of bjp-ruled states including vasundhara raje (rajasthan), anandiben patel (gujarat), manohar parrikar (goa), raman singh (chhattisgarh) and manohar lal khattar (haryana) and those governed by allies including chandrababu naidu (andhra pradesh) and parkash singh badal (punjab) also attended the event.
top industrialists along with other eminent personalities, including from bollywood, and fadnavis' banker wife amruta, were present at the packed venue when seven cabinet ministers and two ministers of state also took oath.
former ally shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, whose party had decided to boycott the event citing constant humiliation by bjp ahead of government formation, attended the event along with his wife after a last-minute call by bjp president amit shah.
thackeray's presence indicated a possible rapprochement between the two estranged hindutva parties which fell apart just ahead of the assembly polls following failure of seat sharing talks.
all eyes were on modi and uddhav, who shook hands and exchanged pleasantries.
with 121 bjp mlas in a house of 288, fadnavis is heading a minority government that has been asked to prove majority in two weeks.
sharad pawar's ncp with 41 mlas has already declared unconditional outside support to the new government.
cabinet ministers who were sworn in are eknath khadse, sudhir mungantiwar, vinod tawde, pankaja munde -- all members of the bjp's state core committee--, prakash mehta, chandrakant patil and vishnu savara.
the ministers of state are dilip kamble and vidya thakur.
union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, m venkaiah naidu, ravishanker prasad, prakash javadekar and radhamohan singh were present on the occasion.
fadnavis is only the second brahmin chief minister after shiv sena's manohar joshi in the state dominated by maratha politicians.
groomed in rss tradition and handpicked by prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis has become the 27th chief minister of maharashtra and the 18th person to hold the post.
he is the fourth politician from vidarbha region to become cm.
he helmed the bjp in the state when it posted emphatic victories in lok sabha and state assembly polls.
uddhav thackeray, who sat beside union minister venkaiah naidu, remained silent and broody through the proceedings, but was seen smiling, shaking hands and exchanging pleasantries with modi after the ceremony got over.
uddhavji attended the swearing-in of devendra fadnavis after bjp president amit shah called him up to extend invitation, sena mp vinayak raut said.
amit shah also assured uddhavji of a positive decision on participation of shiv sena in the new government and we are hopeful there will be a positive outcome when talks are held, he said.
it was, however, not yet clear when talks between the two parties will resume to arrive at a mutually acceptable power-sharing arrangement.
governor rao has given fadnavis 15 days from the day of being sworn in to prove his majority in the assembly.
bjp's strength in the house has come down to 121 after the death of its mla govind rathod, but it has claimed support of all seven independents and some from smaller parties.
ncp has said it will abstain from voting during the floor test if sena were to sit in the opposition.
this will help the fadnavis government to sail through.
however, taking 63-member sena on board is still the best option available to fadnavis to reach the magic figure of 145.
nh asset management system launchednew delhi, may 16, 2015, dhns: 0:14 istunion road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday launched a new programme road measurement and data acquisition system to take stock of the condition of the national highways (nh) including their maintenance.
as per the scheme, a vehicle equipped with modern gadgets including gps, advanced lasers, cameras will cover every aspect of the road including road condition, wayside amenities, accident-prone zones, road strength, condition of bridges and culverts besides encroachment.
all these data will be fed into a system and it will be managed through a web-based application, which will be hosted in the public domain.
apart from users to understand the roads condition through browsing, it will also benefit the governments and other agencies to prioritise for taking up maintenance, upgrading and expansion of certain stretches.
the project is funded by the world bank and national highway authority of india (nhai).
the first phase of data collection commenced from nagpur on may 5 and it will cover 3,000 km of national highways spreading across maharashtra, madhya pradesh, uttar pradesh, pubjab, gujarat and rajasthan and it will be completed by september 2015.
car safety ratings on cardsajith athrady, new delhi, jan 4, 2015, dhns: 2:04 istwith rising concerns over safety, the centre is planning a rating system for cars manufactured in india based on its robustness.
as per the proposal prepared by the ministry of road transport and highways, the rating system will be linked to insurance premiums.
higher the ratings, lower the premium.
officials are likely to hold discussions with the insurance regulatory and development authority on improving safety and lower insurance premiums for cars with higher ratings to entice the customer.
the ministry is expected to finalise the details by mid-2015, an official told deccan herald.
cars with more safety features like anti-lock braking system, electronic brake distribution and seat-belt reminder will get the highest rating.
the industry has been advocating a phased adoption of these measures apprehending that immediate implementation will lead to increase in car prices.
the issue of safety in cars built in india recently hit headlines after the uk-based independent testing agency global ncap (new car assessment programme) said that four out of five popular small cars plying on indian roads did not pass crash-test norms.
the global ncap tests found that nissans datsun go is sub-standard and asked the japanese car maker to withdraw the model from the indian market.
india is the sixth largest car market in the world.
but indian cars do not come with critical safety features like airbags and anti-lock braking systems as standard equipment.
bjp expected absolute majority: gadkarinew delhi, oct 19, 2014 (ians): 15:18 istunion minister nitingadkari gadkari admitted sunday that his party expected to win a majority in maharashtra but said he was nevertheless happy with the election outcome.
bjp is number one in maharashtra for the first time.
the bjp has won 17 seats in maharashtra and is leading in 104 seats in the 288-seat assembly.
it, however, failed to bag a majority.
a former bjp president and from maharashtra, gadkari ruled out the possibility of he becoming the new chief minister in the state.
i have made it clear that i am happy in delhi.
i am doing good work here.
i don't want to go maharashtra.
bjp president amit shah on friday said the modi government's welfare schemes in its four years have benefitted 22 crore poor families and set an example of how a pro-people dispensation is run.
in his brief address to the media on the fourth anniversary of the bjp-led nda government, shah claimed that the current dispensation has taken the country's self-pride to the highest level.
the party on the occasion also unveiled a new slogan 'saaf niyat, sahi vikas' (clean intentions, right development) as it launches a nation-wide drive to highlight the government's works.
prime minister narendra modi had led the bjp to its maiden majority in the lok sabha in 2014 general election, and his government and the party have stepped up their outreach in the run-up to the next polls scheduled for 2019.
shah said the government had come to power at a time when people had started thinking if the multi-party democracy had failed, but it infused a new sense of hope.
the dispensation has taken concrete and tangible steps in every sector, he said, adding that it has shown that a government can be pro-farmers and also be of help to industry, and can develop rural and urban regions together.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman gave a presentation with '48 months of transforming india' being its catchline.
in the four years of the government, sanitation coverage in the country rose from 38 percent in 2014 to 83 percent in 2018 with over 7.
25 crore toilets being built.
as many as 3.
6 lakh villages were declared open defecation free, she said.
over 31.
52 crore jan dhan bank accounts were opened and 5.
22 crore families benefited from life insurance cover provided at an annual premium of rs 330, she said.
india's gdp in current prices went up by 31 percent between 2013-17 while the corresponding global rise was four percent, sitharaman said.
she also spoke about the government's multi-faceted focus on doubling farmers' income and also for women's safety, including enactment of a law providing the death penalty for rape of a girl below 12 years of age.
union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari and sushma swaraj were among those present on the occasion.
new delhi, dec 9, 2014, agencies 20:27 istthe national capital which is already criticized for increasingly becoming an unsafe place for women received another blow, when a woman executive was allegedly raped by her cab driver on friday.
uber cab driver shiv kumar yadav, who reportedly have a notorious history of committing crimes, arrested for alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman passenger.
read: cab driver a serial sexual offender, says police the delhi government swiftly reacting to the incident, on monday banned all operations by private cab service uber with immediate effect and blacklisted it from providing any transport service in the national capital following the alleged rape committed by a driver registered with it.
meanwhile, it has also sent notices prohibiting unrecognised transport providers operating through web-based technologies from continuing their operations till they get license from the transport department.
it was union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, who first disagreed with the decision to ban uber cab services in delhi, saying such a move could not be a solution.
read: banning uber not a solution, says gadkari many on micro-blogging site also shared similar opinion over the issue, tweeting against government's decision of banning the uber services describing it as 'premature.
around eight mlas to be sworn in tmrw with parrikar: bjppanaji, mar 13, 2017, (pti) 19:41 istmanohar parrikar.
pti file photoaround eight mlas would take oath as ministers tomorrow along with manohar parrikar who is set to return as goa chief minister, the bjp said today.
around eight to nine ministers including two each from the goa forward party and the maharashta gomantak party and two independents will be sworn in.
two or three ministers from bjp (including parrikar) too will take the oath, bjp's goa unit president vinay tendulkar told pti.
among the bjp legislators, (current) deputy cm francis d'souza and another legislator whose name would be announced tomorrow morning will be sworn in, he said.
tendulkar, however, added that from bjp only parrikar and d'souza might be sworn in.
that possibility cannot be ruled out, he said.
three or four ministerial berths would be filled in the cabinet expansion later, tendulkar said.
governor mridula sinha has invited parrikar to form the government after he produced letter of support of 21 mlas, though the bjp finished as the second-largest party behind the congress, bagging merely 13 seats against 17 of the congress.
parrikar was accompanied by gfp leader vijai sardesai and mgp leader sudin dhavalikar when he met governor sinha and staked the claim to form the government.
bjp president amit shah, union home minister rajnath singh and his cabinet colleague nitingadkari gadkari would be present at the swearing-in ceremony at raj bhavan tomorrow evening, said tendulkar.
pm skirted real issue in dadri remarks: congnew delhi, oct 09, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthough prime minister narendra modi has broken his silence on the dadri lynching, opposition parties claimed he had skirted the real issue and not condemned the incident.
addressing an election rally in nawada in bihar, modi invoked president pranab mukherjees statement of wednesday that cautioned against letting indias core values of diversity and tolerance go away.
the remarks were seen as the prime ministers response to his critics who were questioning his silence over the lynching of mohammad akhlaq in dadri over rumours that he had consumed cow meat.
the prime minister has skirted the real issue.
he has not condemned the dadri incident and those in the bjp who are playing the communal card, congress spokesperson r p n singh said here.
the prime minister should come forward and speak on it, instead of giving it new twists.
why cant he deplore party mlas, mps and office bearers who continue to spread communal venom, singh said.
the rashtrapati has shown us the way.
there is no bigger inspiration than him, lets follow his path, modi had said at the nawada rally.
the fact that modi had chosen to echo the presidents remarks was not lost out on congress leaders.
thank you president for saying it out loud and showing some in the government, till now silent, the way, congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said.
samajwadi party spokesperson gaurav bhatia said modi should have condemned the dadri incident more strongly and clearly.
in a democracy, everyone has the right to speak their mind.
but hindus must decide whether they want to fight muslims or poverty.
muslims must decide whether they want to fight hindus or poverty, modi said.
he also sought to dismiss the criticism that the prime minister was silent on killing of a man on rumours having eaten beef.
if he speaks, people ask why did he speak.
if he does not speak, people say why did he not speak.
.
.
a section of media, a section of leadership takes interest in it.
this has been the history of the country.
new delhi, nov 21, 2014, (pti): 17:56 istthough denied the status of the leader of opposition, mallikarjun kharge has been alloted the seat normally given to lop in the lok sabha next to that of the deputy speaker in the opposition benches.
kharge, who is the leader of the congress party in the lok sabha, will share the front row with party president sonia gandhi, sp chief mulayam singh yadav and jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda under the arrangement decided by the speaker who also allotted division numbers to the members.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi will be seated in the second row, behind his mother when the house meets from next monday for the winter session of parliament.
division numbers are alloted to members so that when voting takes place they cast their votes from the alloted seat.
home minister rajnath singh has been given the front row seat next to prime minister narendra modi in the treasury benches, along with external affairs minister sushma swaraj and bjp veteran l k advani.
while seat number 5 in the treasury benches has been kept vacant, number 6 has been allotted to surface transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari.
law minister sadanand gowda and another bjp veteran murli manohar joshi and union ministers ananth kumar and anant geeta, who represents shiv sena in the cabinet, and ashok gajpati raju of tdp and ram vilas paswan of ljp will also occupy front row seat in the treasury benches.
on the opposition benches, bhartruhari mahtab of bjd and sudip bandhopadhyay of tmc will also occupy front row seats.
p venugopal of the aiadmk is also in the front row of the opposition benches where the congress president will be sitting along with mulayam, kharge and thambidurai.
pdp leader mehbooba mufti shares the second row along with congress leader kamal nath, ncp's tariq anwar, rahul gandhi and capt amarinder singh, who is the deputy leader of congress.
mohammad salim of cpi(m) is in the third row, along with kaushlendra kumar of jd(u).
the announcement about allocation of seats came just two days ahead of the begining of the winter session of parliament.
the exercise took some six months since the 16th lok sabha came into being.
congress has not been able to secure the leader of the opposition post as it fell short of the required 55 by 11 seats.
bengaluru, sep 21 , 2015, dhns: 2:27 istcivic bodies incur wrath over pothole mishapthe city police registering a case of rash and negligent driving against techie omprakash, whose wife was killed after he bumped his bike into a pothole on thursday, has drawn angry reactions from bengalureans.
the peoples ire is also directed at civic bodies such as the bbmp and the bda, which they feel are not discharging their duties.
they want the civic authorities to own up responsibility for the accident, which killed software professional stuthi pandey (25) on the devarabeesanahalli flyover near marathahalli, instead of blaming others.
what a joke?
do the bda or the police have any witnesses, cctv footage that say the person was driving rashly?
will anybody drive into a pothole on their own?
said user victor_k in a comment on the report of the incident published on the deccan herald website.
dr k b vijayakumar lashed out at the police: arresting the husband showed the foolishness and stupidity of the police.
what else can you expect from a department that is no.
1 on the corruption index?
the genius who invented this cause for the case will be given a word-bashing by the courts.
that will be our day.
we can garland the genius that day.
another netizen posted: even rash drivers dont like to jump into potholes for fun.
hope the corporation will look into maintaining roads instead of doing resort politics.
sreesh r babu, an advertising consultant living in ramaiah layout in guttahalli, was livid.
the high court has been giving directions to the bbmp and the bda to fill potholes and submit a report to it.
but nothing has been done so far.
the police themselves are shameless in registering a case against the husband, who must be going through major trauma.
a case should instead be registered against the bbmp, he told deccan herald.
he said there are umpteen number of potholes in his own locality.
there are no proper roads at all.
i feel scared to even take out my scooter, he said.
on micro-blogging website twitter, nabin patro commented with the hashtags #potholes and #bangalore: authorities needs to be sued, if any incident occurs at unsigned #potholes (sic).
he also tagged union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in his post.
examining legal liability of uber in rape case: delhi top copnew delhi, dec 9, 2014, (pti) 16:53 istdelhi police is examining legal liability of uber taxi service and probing how the fake police verification certificate was provided to the accused in the rape of a 27-year-old woman in a cab in the national capital, commissioner bs bassi said today.
delhi (govt) has issued a notification banning the activities of uber in delhi.
police verification certificate was found to be false.
an fir has been registered and it will be probed so that the guilty are punished.
we are also legally examining what action can be taken against uber for not fulfilling its promises, bassi told reporters after briefing home minister rajnath singh in parliament on the progress of the investigation into the case.
asked about union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari's disagreement with the decision to ban uber cab services in delhi in the wake of the rape, bassi said, i do not know about the statement.
but we are examining the legal liability.
it is our endeavour to ensure that women are 100 per cent safe and can go anywhere without any problem.
delhi police is taking all steps to ensure that crimes against women are not suppressed, bassi said, adding that, with a view to ensuring women's safety, 5,000 cameras have been installed already while 10,000 more are proposed to be installed in various parts of the city.
women now feel empowered to complain.
we also have to impart self-defence training.
in the last one year, we have imparted self-defence training to 14,000 women.
there is a need to increase so that the gap in physical capacity between women and men is addressed and women can defend themselves, he said.
the top cop said that the government has decided to increase the number of women personnel in delhi police.
a total of 1,250 women constables have been hired and they will be on the streets of the national capital after around eight months, he said.
there are certain areas in the city where there is a high rate of crimes against women, especially the localities of the weaker sections of society.
we have deployed women police personnel in beats so that they can directly interact with the women of such areas and talk to them about there problems, he said.
on the question of the safety of women in delhi, the police commissioner further said that whenever there is such an incident, it is investigated attentively.
there are instructions for completing investigations in such cases within 20 days and, if it is not, then the information is given to the joint commissioner of police.
(then) if it is not completed within 30 days, it is sent to the special commissioner and the commissioner so as to ensure that the investigation is not pending without any reason, bassi said.
meanwhile, investigators said they have sought several documents from uber as an fir was last night registered against the us-based taxi booking service.
shiv kumar yadav, the cab driver accused of rape, allegedly raped the woman on friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north delhi's inderlok area.
earlier, bassi also met national security adviser ajit doval for what he said were routine discussions.
asked about the details of his meeting with doval, he said, i meet a number of people and it's routine and there are a number of things that we discuss during such meetings.
bassi said that following the arrest of the accused, shiv kumar yadav, police have produced him in court and got him on three-days' remand.
we are questioning him to ascertain the complete details of the crime, he said.
when told that pcr vans were missing in the area when the incident occurred, he said, the incident occurred over a distance of 20-km.
i do not want to go into details.
but it is our effort that there is no place in delhi where women would find themselves insecure.
we have taken steps to increase police presence and keep doing so.
especially, outside girls colleges and schools, we have deployed women police personnel, he said.
elaborating further on the steps taken to augment women's safety, the commissioner said all police stations have women police personnel and 24x7 women help desks.
for women's safety, we are committed to creating a safe environment and have taken steps in that direction.
.
.
there is the highest level of monitoring irrespective of whether the media takes note or not, he said.
right now, one km of road is made in a day.
he also said public private partnership (ppp) was needed for infrastructure projects.
if the government had all the resources, we would not need ppp.
we do not have all the resources, so we need to go ahead with cooperation, he said.
addressing another function at the federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry (ficci) later in the day, the minister said india was yet to tap the potential of waterways despite the fact that this mode of transport was much more cost effective compared to road and rail transport.
the government wants to develop water ports, sea ports and bus ports to improve transport infrastructure and build satellite dry ports for connecting the land locked areas with the nearest sea and water ports, he said.
he said the government also plans to develop floating helipads and hotels which will boost tourism.
he said use of biogas, which can be generated from city waste, would also help curbing crude oil import.
last updated: 31 january, 2011hassan,january 31, dhns: 21:33 istthe admn machinery collapsed in the stateby admitting that he did not have security, chief minister b s yeddyurappa has indirectly accepted that the state administrative machinery collapsed.
such a statement has never been made by any cm in the past, said janata dal (secular) floor leader in the state legislative assembly, h d revanna.
addressing a news conference here on monday, revanna criticised yeddyurappa for making such a statement and said if cm tells like that what about the common people, he questioned.
he said even while stepping down from the chief ministership in 2007, yeddyurappa had stated that h d deve gowda would be responsible if something happened to him.
once again, yeddyurappa had stated that there was threat to his life at suttur mutt.
by telling that, the cm had indirectly admitted that the administrative machinery has collapsed.
the cm stands tall in mismanagement, nepotism, favouritism and lieing and now he is accused no 1 in all the complaints lodged in karnataka high court.
no chief minister in the past had this sort of record.
revanna said of late, bjp central leadership was talking against yeddyurappa.
the cm has no morality to continue in the post even for minute.
bjp national president nitingadkari gadkari had indirectly asked yeddyurappa to tender resignation owing moral responsibility.
even former union minister, shatrugna sinha has stated that anybody who steals is a thief.
saying that he had held yeddyurappa guilty.
all the development works have come to standstill in the last two and a half years.
the bjp which came to power with the mantra of development, was now concentrating on the development of their family members.
nearly 55 per cent of files in all departments were yet to be disposed of.
the files are cleared only against payment of money.
second term for khanduri as cmlast updated: 10 september, 2011new delhi, sep 10 , dhns 0:29 istin a move to clean the partys image in the poll-bound state, former uttarakhand chief minister b c khanduri will replace the incumbent ramesh pokhriyal nishank, the bhartiya janata party (bjp) announced here on saturday.
the decision to remove nishank was taken by the party in the wake of a series of charges of corruption facing its government in the state, which goes to the polls later this year.
keeping in view the forthcoming elections in uttarakhand, the bjp has decided for a change of leadership in uttarakhand.
b c khanduri will be the new chief minister of the state.
bjp general secretary and chief spokesperson ravi shankar prasad will be the central observer during the meeting of mlas for finalising khanduri's name.
on the charges against nishank, the party president maintained, there have been some allegations in the media that there are cases of corruption against him.
the party wants to make it clear that there are no charges against him.
the only reason for the change was the forthcoming polls, he insisted.
new delhi, may 17, 2015 (ians) 10:46 istindia is firming up plans for a $1.
our talks are very much on.
they are in a very advanced stage.
we are trying to attract foreign funds and they seem very much interested.
they see value and good prospects in investing in the sector, road transport and highways minister gadkari, who also looks after shipping, told ians in an exclusive interview as he reviewed his ministry's one year in office.
this funding arm, he said, will also secure all the green and regulatory clearances.
we are also in touch with pension, endowment, insurance and private funds to attract investments.
we have been holding talks with potential investors across the globe.
we have also been telling them that regulatory norms have now changed.
the prospects are far better, he said.
we want to ensure that each and every highway project in our country -- the ongoing ones and the future ones -- are on track and complete within the time assigned, the minister said and pointed out that all the 62 stalled highway projects will be re-started by end-june.
out of the remaining, 44 have now been terminated, 80 have been re-started and the remaining will re-commence by june.
as per various estimates, india currently has the world's second-largest road network, totalling to some 4.
7 million km, transporting over 60 percent of all goods in the country and nearly 85 percent of passenger traffic.
but the government itself says half of these are in poor shape.
this apart, highways account for only two percent of the total roads network but transport 40 percent of goods.
speaking to ians at his residence, a relaxed gadkari, who till a few years ago headed the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp), brushed aside criticisms that the targets that he had set for road construction in india were too ambitious.
his predecessor in the previous government had also failed in meeting the targets.
we were constructing around 12 km of roads per day as of march.
our target is to take it up to 14 km by the end of this month.
ultimately, the target is 30 km per month.
this is what we will certainly achieve by may next year, the minister said.
our plan is to award around 15,000 km of roads during the current fiscal, he said, while pointing out that a major hurdle, which was arrangement of funding, has been removed recently by the cabinet, in a meeting presided over by prime minister narendra modi.
he was referring to what has been called a project-exit policy for highway developers, while also authorising the state-run national highways authority of india (nhai) to intervene in languishing projects that are suffering from lack of funds.
ghadkari told ians it was felt that ppp projects in the roads sector were not able to attract bids in the desired level and one reason was lack of availability of equity in the market for bidders who qualify.
the exit policy permits them to divest 100 percent equity two years after completion of projects, while also investing the same amount in their other stalled projects.
this, the minister said, can immediately unlock around rs.4,500 crore and support 1,500 km of highways.
bangalore/new delhi , jul 1, 2012,dhns 2:42 istbsy aides set july 5 deadline to oust dvsbharatiya janata party patriarch l k advani is understood to have advised central leaders of the party that dissolving the assembly and seeking a fresh mandate in karnataka was the best way to check the chronic rebellion in the party leading to the political instability in the state, but many of his colleagues differ.
advani is said to have told central leaders that such a radical step would enable the party to retrieve lost ground and cut its losses in terms of image and electoral strength.
dissolution of the assembly could check blackmailing of the party by b s yeddyurappa and his backers, and would also enable the party to reclaim the moral high ground.
however, the idea is not acceptable to many in the central leadership, as it is fraught with danger of an electoral defeat.
instead, the party top brass appears to be veering to replacing d v sadananda gowda with jagdish shettar as chief minister soon after the presidential election.
keeping in view the extent of the rebellion and the support enjoyed by yeddyurappa's camp, there seems to be no option but to agree to his demand that shettar be made the chief minister.
if we have to perform well in the next assembly election, we will have to meet his demand, a senior leader said.
elections in karnataka are due in may next year.
party state unit chief k s eshwarappa, who has been insisting that gowda wont be removed as chief minister, said he would be happy if the next assembly elections are held by december.
in bangalore, yeddyurappa and his backers upped the ante by setting july 5 as the deadline for the central leadership to remove d v sadananda gowda as chief minister.
party general secretary in-charge of karnataka dharmendra pradhan returned to delhi after meeting both factions.
he met bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and senior leader arun jaitley and apprised them of the developments in karnataka and the demands of both the yeddyurappa and gowda camps.
at their wits end over yeddyurappas mutiny, the central leaders on sunday asked the rss to intervene and convince the former chief minister to defer his new deadline - july 5 - for a change in leadership.
responding to the plea, the karnataka leaders of rss convened a meeting with yeddyurappa, chief minister sadananda , party state unit chief k s eswarappa and rural development minister, and tried to convince them to keep peace in the party.
the rss leaders are understood to have floated a compromise formula to persuade yeddyurappa to ensure that the nine ministers loyal to him withdraw their resignations.
the rss men told yeddyurappa that the party high command was open for a discussion on the change of leadership in the state at the karnataka core committee meeting scheduled for tuesday.
however, sources said ,yeddyurappa did not promise any thing to rss leaders on giving up his july 5 deadline.
earlier in the day, in a meeting of mps and mlas of the yeddyurappa camp held at jagadish shettars residence, decided to wait till 6 pm on july 5.
the central leadership will be responsible for developments in the state unit after july 5 if it does not accept our demand, mp suresh angadi declared after the meeting.
among steps that the dissidents are planning to take after the deadline include mps faxing their resignation letters to the party national president nitingadkari gadkari, 10 of its ministers submitting their resignation letters to the governor and convening a parallel legislature party meeting and declaring shettar as its leader.
the meeting also resolved that they will stick to whatever decision yeddyurappa and shettar take in coming days.
the yeddyurappa camp also flexed its muscle by claiming the support of 51 mlas and 14 lok sabha mps.
yeddyurappa, however, did not attend the meeting.
on the other side of the fence, minister balachandra jarkiholi met sadananda gowda and asked him not to give in to yeddyurappas pressure.
a group of party mlas led by jarkiholi has already declared that it would dislodge the government if gowda is removed.
five independent mlas too met gowda and pledged their support to him.
the chief minister, who is scheduled to go to delhi on monday afternoon to attend the wedding reception of nitingadkari gadkaris son, is also likely to hold talks with party leaders on the political crisis back home.
sc stays defamation cases against kejriwalnew delhi, may 1, 2015, pti 17:05 istthe supreme court today stayed proceedings in trial courts in two criminal defamation cases against delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and decided to hear them along with the pleas in which the constitutional validity of the penal provisions have been challenged.
the apex court did not accept the plea that prosecution should continue in the trial court in the defamation cases filed by former union minister kapil sibal's son and sheila dikshit's ex-political secretary against kejriwal and others.
once we have directed stay in other cases, it will follow in other cases also, a bench comprising justices dipak misra and p c pant said while issuing notice to the centre and other respondents in the matter.
it is a pre-constitution law.
it has to be examined whether it offends the provisions of the constitution, the bench said referring to sections 499 and 500 of the indian penal code which deals with criminal defamation and is scheduled to be listed for hearing on july 8.
sibal's son amit sibal, also a senior advocate, had filed the defamation case against kejriwal and the then aam admi party (aap) leaders prashant bhushan and shazia ilmi for their comment that he took advantage of his father's position while dikshit's ex-political secretary pawan khera sued the chief minister for his alleged remarks against his predecessor during protests over power tariff hike in october 2012.
their counsel wanted the apex court to restrain media from publishing the defamatory contents but there was no order in this regard.
on april 17, the court had stayed prosecution of kejriwal in defamation cases filed by union minister nitingadkari gadkari and advocate surender kumar sharma.
gadkari had alleged that he was defamed by the aap leader who had included his name in the party's list of india's most corrupt.
the proceedings are pending and the union minister has recently partly recorded his statement in the case.
rss coordination meet ends; several bjp ministers attendaurangabad, aug 23, 2015, pti: 22:32 istthe two-day long coordination camp of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) concluded here today with several union and maharashtra ministers in attendance, even as the opposition took a dig at government over the plight of farmers due to drought.
waman deshpande, rss prachar pramukh of devgiri said office-bearers of more than 30 different organisations, including the bharatiya janata party (bjp), vishwa hindu parishad, akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), samajik samarasta manch and vanvasi kalyan ashram were part of the event.
according to deshpande, four union ministers, including nitingadkari gadkari, prakash javadekar and hansraj ahir and ten ministers from maharashtra, including eknath khadse, vinod tawde, girish mahajan, sudhir mungantiwar, pankaja munde, chandrkanat patil, deepak sawant, vishnu sawra and baban lonikar, were present at the rss camp.
fadnavis later chaired aurangabad division review meeting to discuss the water scarcity situation in marathwada region.
however, the opposition lapped up the opportunity to target fadnavis over the plight of farmers reeling under drought.
ncp leader sunil tatkare said the presence of ministers at the rss meet only reveals the priorities of the central and the state government.
did we ever have 19 ministers in the state to take a stock of drought condition and to understand why farmers are committing suicide?
but all these centre and state ministers got time for the rss meet.
this only shows what the priorities of the government are, tatkare told pti.
the people of maharashtra would have been so happy to see the central leadership coming to the state to soothe the wounds of those affected by drought, he said.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant said the state government's review meet on drought in aurangabad was just a formality.
he sought to know why fadnavis did not get time to visit the drought-affected region earlier.
the cm found time for the rss review meeting only.
he must have felt that since he has already come (to aurangabad) for the meet, he might as well take a review meet on drought, sawant told reporters here.
a young farmer from akola had recently committed suicide.
his last wish was that the cm comes and meets his family.
it has been two weeks since his death, but fadnavis has no time.
maybe if the rss meet is held at akola, the cm will find time to visit his family, sawant said.
he also alleged that fadnavis also did not get time to visit the families of those 104 people, who had lost their lives in the malwani spurious liquor incident.
however, when contacted, fadnavis told pti that he was part of the rss meet only for an hour.
mumbai: feb 23, 2017, dhns: 1:52 istthe bjp has made surprising and significant gains in pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur and nashik.
the shiv sena has, however, managed to save its bastion of thane, where it jumped into electoral politics in 1967.
at the time of going to the press, the counting process and compilation by the state election commission was underway.
the other corporations that went to polls were mumbai, thane, ulhasnagar, akola, amravati and nagpur.
as per the latest reports, in thane, the shiv sena won 66 of the 131 seats followed by the ncp (31), bjp (21), congress (3) and others (4).
in pune (148 seats) and the neighbouring industrial and it township of pimpri-chinchwad (128 seats), the bjp emerged victorious by defeating the ncp in the stronghold of its supremo sharad pawar and his nephew ajit pawar.
the bjp won the pune municipal corporation with 89 seats, while the ncp, which held power for over a decade, won 44.
the shiv sena bagged 10 seats, followed by the congress (16) and mns (6).
in pimpri-chinchwad, the bjp surged with 58 seats, while the ruling ncp won 29 seats in the 128-member house.
in ulhasnagar, the bjp grabbed 32 and the shiv sena won 25 of the total 78 seats.
the ncp bagged four, congress 1 and independents and others won 16.
the bjp seat in nagpur remained with the saffron party as it bagged 91 of the 151 seats while the congress won 23.
the ncp bagged one seat at the time of filing this report.
nagpur happens to be the home town of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari.
the rss headquarters is also located here.
in nashik, the bjp took control of the civic body by winning 67 seats out of the 112, the shiv sena won 35 while the ruling mns got just three seats.
the congress and ncp fared better with six and five seats respectively.
the bjp was faring well in amravati with wins in 44 out of the 87 seats followed by the congress in 12 seats and shiv sena in seven.
in solapur municipal corporation, a traditional congress bastion from where veteran leader sushilkumar shinde hails, the bjp appeared in a commanding position with leads in 25 out of 102 seats,followed by the shiv sena (10) and the congress in six seats at the time of going to press.
in akola, the bjp was leading in 20 out of the 80 seats, the congress in 10 and the mns in 5, while the others bagged 10 seats.
new delhi, tehran all set to renew tiesnew delhi: august 11, 2015, dhns 0:20 istiranian foreign minister javad zarifs visit this week will see new delhi and tehran discussing ways to renew bilateral economic engagement, with focus on indias new proposals to set up an aluminium smelter plant and a fertilizer unit in the islamic republic.
zarif was tehrans chief negotiator for the recently concluded landmark deal with e3+3 over nuclear programme of iran.
his visit to new delhi on friday is expected to provide yet another opportunity to india to evince its state-owned companies interests in returning to hydrocarbon projects in iran, as the deal clinched last month by tehran and e3+3 (us, russia, china, uk, france and germany) is likely to be followed by lifting of sanctions, officials told deccan herald.
zarif will call on prime minister narendra modi and hold a meeting with external affairs minister sushma swaraj.
he is also likely to have meetings with chemical and fertilizer minister ananth kumar, shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and minister of state for petroleum dharmendra pradhan.
indias investment in chabahar port in iran and ways for clearing payments for crude oil indian petroleum companies imported from the islamic republic in the past years was under sanctions imposed by the united states and the european union in addition to the ones imposed by united nations.
new delhi never officially endorsed unilateral sanctions imposed on iran, and adhered to only the ones imposed by the united nations.
the curbs enforced by the western powers to put pressure on tehran, however, forced india to cut down its crude oil import, primarily due to hassles in clearing payments.
finance secretary rajiv mehrishi recently led a delegation to tehran to discuss ways to clear $6.
5 billion india would have to pay to iran for crude oil.
earlier, gadkari became the first minister of the modi government to visit iran and his tour saw new delhi inking a memorandum of understanding with tehran, pledging to build a container terminal and a multi-purpose cargo terminal on two berths at the chabahar port.
bhandari for july 25 bypoll to lone legislative council seatbangalore, jul 13, 2012, (pti): 16:59 istbjp today decided to field monappa bhandari for the july 25 bye-election to the lone legislative council election seat.
bjp president nitingadkari gadkari has cleared the candidature of bhandari, the party said in a release here.
the bypoll was necessitated to fill up the vacancy caused following the death of dr v s acharya.
state to tie up with iit roorkee for smart city projectapril 18.
2015.
dhns 1:40 istthe state government will soon tie-up with iit roorkee, uttarakhand, for the smart city project.
ashok mishra, chairman-board of governors, iit roorkee, who was here for the inauguration of the sustainable urban planning for smart cities initiative said that iit roorkee will be acting as a facilitator between karnataka and other iits in the country for better solutions.
there are about 10,000 to 12,000 iit alumni residing in bengaluru and they are eager to take part in this initiative to make bengaluru a better place to live in.
iit roorkee would advise urban local bodies on the various aspects of urban development, he added.
the event was organised by iit roorkee and the state urban development department.
no clarityearlier, karnataka chief secretary kaushik mukherjee said that the state is still smarting under the centres smart city concept.
the centre has no clarity in the matter.
it is yet to decide whether people should become smart or the cities should.
a smart city is one which should be a happier and a better place to live in, he said.
mukherjee said that the centre had announced rs 8,000 crore for 100 smart cities (rs 80 crore each) and that the money had not reached the state.
he also said that the amount allocated was insufficient.
taking a dig at the centre, urban development department minister vinay kumar sorake said that karnataka was a step ahead of the centre with regard to evolving the smart city concept.
last year, the state government had sent a list of ten cities to be declared smart cities.
it was proposed to declare vijapura, hosapete, and udupi as cities of tourist, religious and economic importance, however, the centre had declared badami as a heritage city under heritage development and augmentation yojana (hriday), with rs 22.
26 crore be allocated for the development of the same, he added.
but the centre is yet to respond to the same, sorake added.
gadkari attends opening of new suez canalnew delhi, aug 07, 2015, dhns: 1:08 istwith egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi opening the new suez canal on thursday, india conveyed to egypt its willingness to ink a memorandum of understanding (mou) for cooperation in inland waterways and port development.
shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and his egyptian counterpart hany dahy agreed to ink the mou when they met in cairo, according to an official press release issued in new delhi on thursday.
gadkari is on a tour to egypt to represent india in the inauguration ceremony of the new suez canal.
he met transport minister of egypt in cairo on wednesday.
el sisi had invited prime minister narendra modi to attend the inauguration ceremony.
modi nominated gadkari to represent him in the event.
the shipping minister called on the egyptian president after reaching cairo on wednesday.
suspense on j&k govt formation continueszulfikar majid, srinagar, jan 11, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istsonia, gadkari meet mehbooba; no clear picture yetpolitical suspense continued over formation of a new government in jammu and kashmir as congress president sonia gandhi and bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari separately called on peoples democratic party (pdp) chief mehbooba mufti here on sunday.
sonia, who reached the gupkar residence of muftis to offer condolences, had a short closed door meeting with mehbooba.
the meeting assumes political significance as reports emerged that the pdp and the bjp are bargaining a fresh political deal.
jammu and kashmir has been placed under governors rule since friday evening as mehbooba, who was supposed to take oath as chief minister declined to do so till end of the fourth day mourning period of her father mufti mohammad sayeed.
as the mourning period ended on sunday, there were still no indications from either the pdp or its partner bjp that a new government would be installed in the state anytime soon.
the delay has set off a new political stalemate and sonias visit has added to speculations that the pdp has a change of heart.
mufti headed a pdp-bjp coalition that formed the government last year in march till his death on january 7.
however, senior congress leader and leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, who accompanied sonia, said it was only a visit to pay condolences.
no politics was discussed.
the congress has a long association with her (mehboobas) family, he told reporters.
talking to reporters after meeting mehbooba, he said, it is no time to talk politics.
i have come here to convey condolences on behalf of the central government.
earlier senior bjp leader nirmal singh, who was deputy chief minister in mufti-led government said his party will take a call on government formation once they receive formal communication from pdp.
he hoped that the two parties will proceed on from where they left.
we have already communicated to the governor in reply to his letter that our party will take a call on government formation once we receive any communication from pdp, singh said while replying to a query from reporters if bjp had any objection in mehbooba succeeding her father as chief minister.
meanwhile, a meeting of pdp legislators was held at mehboobas residence in which some important decisions related to the government formation and party matters were expected to be taken.
sources told deccan herald that mehbooba has set tough conditions for the bjp if they want to continue the alliance.
new delhi, sep 2, 2015 (pti) 15:36 isttop ministers and bjp leaders joined a crucial three-day meeting of rss and its affiliates that began here today to brainstorm over key social and economic issues including those confronting the modi government.
prime minister narendra modi is also expected to attend the coordination meet while bjp chief amit shah will be present there for the better part of the exercise in which issues like census figures, orop, patel agitation in gujarat, land bill, labour reforms and education policy are likely to be discussed.
finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar, health minister jp nadda were among these present today besides shah.
more ministers will join the event being presided by rss head mohan bhagwat.
government ministers may brief the 93 top functionaries of the rastriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) and its 15 affiliates about several issues, including economy, agriculture and education, and will be given inputs by the 'sangh parivar' bodies, sources said.
while the meeting is seen as appraisal exercise for the 15-month-old modi dispensation, rss has maintained that it is neither meant to review the government's performance nor to take any decision but only to exchange notes and deliberate over the inputs provided by the participants.
sources said social, economic, cultural and education issues will be discussed during the three days and the ministers concerned will attend.
govt gives fresh signals of changes in land billnew delhi, feb 25, 2015, (pti) 20:53 istgovernment today gave fresh signals of making changes in the controversial land bill to accommodate farmers' interest as yet another nda constituent ljp joined others in expressing reservations over the provisions of the legislation.
the opposition kept up its pressure by walking out of lok sabha while congress hit the streets in delhi opposing the land bill and threatened to take the protests across the country.
after shiv sena, the ljsp headed by ram vilas paswan which is part of modi government today voiced concerns over some of the provisions of the law and demanded more clarity from the government.
party mp chirag paswan said ljp was concerned about provisions like doing away with the consent of farmers for acquiring their land in the ordinance brought by modi government.
we have objections over some measures.
there are questions about the need of doing away with farmers' consent.
they also will have no right to move court, he told reporters.
with government facing pressure from within and outside, two senior ministers today said the government was ready to deliberate on opposition suggestions and go extra mile to prevent any injustice to farmers.
parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu said in lok sabha,if there are some lacunae and drawbacks in the land acquisition act, we are ready to deliberate on them.
we will not let any injustice happen to farmers.
we are ready to go the extra miles to strengthen the hands of farmers.
if people have some opinion on social impact assessment or consent clauses, we are willing to hear them, he said.
meanwhile, sources said five senior ministers have been asked to talk to parties across spectrum to arrive at a consensus on changes that could be made in the bill.
there were reports that prime minister narendra modi was not in favour of changes but there was no confirmation of such a view.
a senior minister said that changes, if any, could be not drastic in nature but cosmetic.
akali dal, another ally of bjp, said it had issues with provisions relating to social impact assessment in case of large tracts of land to be acquired and consent of the majority of farmers to be taken before acquisition.
party naresh gujral said akali dal has made its views clear to the government that interests of farmers need to be taken while creation of jobs and development was also necessary.
the government has favourably reacted to akali dal suggestions, he said.
tomorrow akali dal leaders including punjab chief minister parkash singh badal and deputy chief minister sukhbir badal will be in the capital to discuss the issue within and finalise its strategy.
bjp seeks special sessionlast updated: 06 june, 2011new delhi, june 6, dhns: 23:57 istthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders on monday met president pratibha patil asking her to convene a special session of parliament to discuss the governments action against the yoga guru on saturday night.
the saffron leaders wanted corruption and black money on the agenda of the special session.
we met the president today (monday) to demand a special session of parliament, an emergency session, to discuss issues like corruption, black money stashed away in foreign banks and the manhandling of peaceful protesters, including women and elderly persons, who gathered to protest against such issues, senior bjp leader l k advani told media persons outside rashtrapati bhavan.
the crackdown was against a person who was welcomed by four ministers.
the government wanted to make him agree to what it was proposing to him.
when he refused to oblige it took such an action (crackdown), the senior leader further added.
the (special parliament) session will give us the opportunity to put our point of view and the government will also get a chance to present its views, so that the guilty can be punished, he said.
president pratibha patil assured us that she will go through our memorandum and take the required action, said advani.
24-hour satyagrahaterming the present united progressive alliance government as the most corrupt in indian history, advani said: people across the country are discussing the issue of corruption.
bharatiya janta party leaders including advani, nitingadkari gadkari, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley also held a 24 hours satyagraha at rajghat to protest against the crack down on ramdevs fast.
the satyagrah, which started on sunday evening, ended on monday evening.
we would organise peaceful protests across the country against the crackdown, bjp spokesperson ravishankar prasad said.
new delhi/bangalore, jul 8, 2012, dhns: 1:56 istshettar to be next cm on wednesdaysenior party leaders arun jaitley and rajnath singh, observers for the election of the new leader, will arrive in bangalore on monday evening.
they plan to discuss rehabilitation, creation of the post of deputy chief minister and political responsibility for the outgoing chief minister informally at the party forum and also at the bjplp, party sources said.
a one-line resolution will be passed at the bjplp declaring jagadish shettar its new leader.
sadananda gowda will then meet governor h r bhardwaj at raj bhavan and submit his resignation as chief minister.
shettar is expected to accompany gowda along with a copy of the bjplp resolution and officially stake claim to form the government.
shettar is likely to be sworn in as the states 21st chief minister on wednesday.
however, a final decision on the date and time will be taken on monday or at the bjplp.
as many as 25 to 30 ministers will be sworn in along with shettar, sources said.
jagadish shettar will be the new chief minister.
senior bjp leaders rajnath singh, arun jaitley and karnataka in-charge general secretary dharmendra pradhan were present.
interestingly, when gadkari made the announcement about gowdas resignation, the outgoing chief minister was not by his side.
gowda left gadkaris residence by the backdoor after submitting his resignation to the party chief.
with the assembly elections just 10 months away, the bjp central leadership realised that to put up a good show, it will have to fight under the leadership of yeddyurappa, whom many see as the undisputed leader of the lingayat community which has always voted for the party, bjp sources said.
sources said that though the party has offered the state unit president post to gowda, it is learnt that the latter while agreeing to accept the post, made it clear that he could do so only after a few months and not now.
sources close to sadanand gowda told deccan herald that he wanted to take over the party president post only after the current impasse died down completely and didnt want to encounter any further problems by taking the party reins immediately.
the bjp legislature party (bjplp) will meet in bangalore on tuesday morning to formally elect shettar as its new leader and second chief minister within 11 months, a transition the party leadership hopes will end the current phase of infighting in the party state unit.
'police inactive due to cong leaders' pressure tactics'udupi, july 29, 2014, dhns: 23:29 istudupi-chikmagalur mp shobha karandlaje has accused the state government as futile with anti-women approach.
speaking to media persons here on tuesday, the mp said the increasing number of violence against women in the state has not bothered the congress administrators.
she had raised some 20 questions in parliament in connection with the atrocities taking place against women in the state, following which union women and child minister maneka gandhi has sought a clarification from the state government.
the mp said she has spoken to the union home minister rajnath singh over the deteriorating law and order mechanism in the state.
the congress leaders in the government have been pressurizing the police department and are making the system unproductive.
the police department in state has become impotent and the officers are being forced to act according to the direction of the congress leaders.
the department is mislead, karandlaje alleged.
coming down heavily on chief minister and home minister, the mp slammed the present government as the most worthless one karnataka has ever seen.
she said the cm who was responsible to clarify the allegation against him over the denotification of land, reverted to his usual arrogance and influenced the postponement of the session of the assembly.
ordering a judicial probe into the denotification scam is another blunder by the congress government, in order to divert the attention of the public on the issue, she alleged.
the mp said that as a reply to her letter demanding the invoking of the 2013 criminal law (amendment) 2013 in the state to make it more effective and stronger, the home minister said that the demand would be considered only if a need arises.
karandlaje ridiculed that even after reporting 55 sexual assault incidents in a short span of 15 days in the state, the home minister is unaware about the severity of the situation.
he considers the present situation not so severe and alarming to introduce the criminal law that was amended in the aftermath of delhi rape case.
the government is heartless and non-responsive towards the increasing atrocities against women reported everyday.
ratna kotari casethe mp alleged that the police department is unable to find out the culprits involved in ratna kotari case.
the congress government has instructed the police department to remain inactive in order to protect the people involved in the case, the mp alleged.
the mysterious death of ratna kotari raises several questions.
this also signifies that there is a network system involved in women trafficking.
the mp said a delegation of the coffee planters in chikmagalur and fishermen in udupi will visit the union commerce and agricultural ministers on july 30 and august 1 respectively.
plans have been chalked out to set up a kendriya vidyalaya in udupi to enable the poor children to procure cbse education by paying rs 300 per year.
the project is in the process to identify the land.
she said she has spoken to union minister nitingadkari gadkari over the delayed nh road widening process.
she assured that the issue pertaining to low quality facilities in the hostels across the state will be taken up with the state government.
rss lends support to hazarelast updated: 15 august, 2011new delhi, august 15, dhns: 0:28 istahead of anti-corruption crusader anna hazares fast on tuesday, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) on monday came out in support of the gandhian and social activists effort to bring in a strong lokpal in the country.
rss chief mohan bhagwat reportedly announced sangh decision to extend support to hazares fast at a flag hoisting function, held to mark the independence day, in indore, madhya pradesh.
anna hazare has decided to go ahead with his plan to sit on a fast-unto-death at jp park here despite the delhi police refusing to give him permission to do so because of the team annas failure to comply with its 22-point condition.
meanwhile, yoga guru baba ramdev wrote to the prime minister requesting him to show some restraint in dealing with hazare.
he asked the prime minister to ensure that no crackdown by police was launched on hazare as was faced by him during his agitation against the black-money at ramlila maidan here, in june.
we would expect that you will exercise self-restraint and not allow a repeat of what happened against us on the midnight of june 4 at the ramlila maidan, the yoga guru urged the prime minister.
ramdev said that the peaceful protests should not be crushed through unconstitutional and undemocratic means.
as the delhi police denied team anna permission to organize fast, the bjp asked the prime minister to introspect on his governments stand, describing it as being against democracy.
the prime minister should introspect on this issue.
now when they (ramdev and hazare) are talking about removing corruption they are being targeted and the government is looking for ways to end their agitation, gadkari added.
anna supporters detainedat least 50 supporters of anna hazare were monday night detained by the delhi police at jai prakash narain park, the venue of the anti-graft crusaders planned fast from tuesday, for defying prohibitory orders clamped in the area, pti reports from new delhi.
the supporters of the gandhian were taken in a police bus to a nearby police station, police said.
they had gathered ahead of hazares fast for a strong lokpal bill to express solidarity with him.
bjp mlas from vidarbha region assemble outside gadkari's housenagpur, oct 21, 2014, (pti) 20:59 isteven as senior bjp leader sudhir mungantiwar is pitching for union minister nitingadkari gadkari as chief minister of maharashtra, a group of newly-elected party mlas from vidarbha region today assembled outside the residence of gadkari in mahal area of the city and raised slogans hailing his leadership.
gadkari, who arrived here from new delhi today, was accorded a rousing reception by the party workers and leaders at nagpur airport for the splendid victory of bjp in the just-concluded assembly polls.
addressing party workers, gadkari thanked people of maharashtra for giving massive mandate to bjp.
when reporters asked him about mungantiwar demanding that he should become chief minister, gadkari refused to comment, saying he had already clarified that he did not want to return to state politics.
a good number of mlas who had flown to mumbai yesterday for the crucial bjp legislative party meeting, which could not take place, returned to the city today and drove straight to gadkari's residence in eastern nagpur and raised slogans in his favour.
the development is being viewed as a show of strength to send signal to party leadership which is yet to name the chief minister.
earlier in the day, mungantiwar, former state unit bjp chief and a member of party core committee, told reporters in mumbai that gadkari should come to state politics.
state bjp leaders feel that nitingadkari gadkariji should come back to the state politics and take up the position of the cm of maharashtra.
he has a lot of administrative experience behind him which makes him an ideal candidate, he has said.
among other names doing rounds, incumbent state unit bjp president devendra fadnavis, also from nagpur, is considered as the strong contender for the post of chief minister.
bjp, which contested solo after severing its 25-year-old bond with shiv sena, pocketed 123 seats in an unprecedented performance.
the saffron party is facing the shortfall of 22 seats to reach the magic figure of 145 seats it needed in the 288-member house.
the vidarbha region, where statehood is a contentious issue, has overwhelmingly come out in support of bjp which won 44 seats out of 62 seats in the region.
i am exactly telling you the truth.
suppose, someone wants to run a government, the process is simple.
you have to fight elections .
.
.
but a media house or judiciary cannot take charge of administration.
the senior minister's comments came against the backdrop of many projects pending due to litigation related to environmental and other issues.
speaking at the india economic summit organised by wef and cii, the minister also said, i have respect for judiciary, i have respect for judges but at the same time this poor country needs development.
from delhi to thailand, by road?
i don't believe in empty words.
.
.
what i say i do, the union minister for road transport and highways said while listing out his priorities for the new year.
we are building 18 km a day at present from a mere 2 km a day inherited by us from previous government, said gadkari who had earlier this year set himself a target of 30 kms per day within two years.
we will meet our previously announced target of 30 km a day in march 2016, he added.
the way you travel to mumbai on your car via delhi, the same way you will be able to reach thailand, hopefully, by the next year.
it is a revolutionary work.
.
.
driving through india and its congested cities, towns and villages would be a breeze.
not only you can reach bhutan and myanmar through bigger, wider and better road network but once the chabahar deal in iran is clinched, you will be driving all the way to russia and europe via iran and afghanistan once you reach chabahar via sea or air from india.
this is the dream for which government is willing to pump lakhs of crores of rupees, he said.
the flyover man from maharashtra tag comes from his work on creating a network of flyovers and the mumbai-pune expressway before he came to centre.
work on the usd 8 billion road connectivity bbin project is likely to be completed soon with adb funding, he said.
once bbin and imt are operationalised, a seamless vehicular movement between saarc and asean nations will become a reality and i hope that this will happen very soon, he said.
he said india will soon begin work on building a sea-bridge and a tunnel connecting sri lanka, while adb is ready to fully-finance the rs 24,000 crore project connecting rameshwaram to sri lanka.
on domestic front, the targets include building up to 16 express highways, making delhi congestion free by 2017 and laying a green canopy on thousands of kilometres of national highways.
india has the world's second largest road network.
to transform india's 96,000-km network of national highways (nhs) into green corridors, the government has come out with a green highways policy under which it will be mandatory to set aside 1 per cent of the total project cost for plantation.
8 lakh crore worth of stuck projects on account of land and environmental disputes.
this forced developers into debt and the problem has been further compounded by the fact that 30 per cent of all loans are to the infrastructure sector.
our government has already awarded projects worth rs 1 lakh crore, the minister said.
last year there were only 5 ppp projects.
but this year, so far 9 big ppp projects are starting and bids are over.
we are doing 17 projects on hybrid model and many more would follow.
we would contribute at least 2 percentage points to india's gdp, he said.
we have had a series of meetings with bankers and barring 19 of the 77 stuck projects have rolled out, road transport and highways secretary vijay chhiber said.
government plans to sell 112 projects completed through government funds to foreign insurance and pension funds.
highways ministry has rs 42,000 crore budgetary allocations.
nhai will raise rs 70,000 crore from tax exempted bonds.
govt may securitise annual rs 7,000-8,000 crore toll collection for 15 years to get rs 1,20,000 crore.
to woo bidders, the government has allowed them to divest 100 per cent equity in highway projects two years after completion.
there are 80 build, operate and transfer (bot) projects awarded prior to 2009 that have been completed and the locked in equity in these projects works out to approximately rs 4,500 crore.
barely days after the policy announcement, gammon infrastructure, in one of the largest asset sales at one go in the infrastructure space, exited 9 projects valued at rs 6,750 crore to brookfield and core infra india fund.
the deal fetched the company rs 563 crore and will help it reduce its debt by rs 1,718 crore.
nhai chief raghav chandra said such deals will result in the companies ploughing back funds in highway projects.
rating agency india ratings estimates that out of the 86 completed projects equivalent to 5,200 km that have been completed under public private partnership, around rs 4,000 crore of additional residual equity can be released under the proposed divestment scheme.
projecting the country's highways sector as a unique opportunity for investments, the government has rolled out projects worth usd 93 billion saying investment opportunities include new models being rolled out both for greenfield (hybrid annuity) and brownfield projects (monetisation).
a similar portal is planned to make available steel at competitive prices as domestic producers face an onslaught of cheaper imports from china, japan and korea.
gadkari also hoped that the bill to transform india's transport sector will soon see the light of the day.
the road transport and safety bill seeks to clamp down heavily on traffic offenders and proposes a steep penalty of up to rs 3 lakh, along with a minimum 7-year imprisonment for death of a child, besides huge fines for other driving violations.
the legislation also aims to bring down fatalities in road accidents by two lakh in the first five years.
india sees 5 lakh road accidents annually -- one of the highest in the world -- in which 1.
5 lakh people lose lives while another 3 lakh are crippled for life.
as per gadkari, other ambitious projects include a rs 4,000 crore metrino project that will connect the 70-km stretch from dhaula kuan in the national capital to manesar in haryana.
a detailed report is being worked out for the project, under which, fully-automatic and driverless small pods would travel independently suspended over an overhead network, which is usually 5-10 meters above ground.
in an eco-friendly initiative, isro in collaboration with the road ministry is developing cost-effective lithium-ion batteries that will power electric buses in delhi.
the government has plans to run at least 15 electric buses driven by indigenous economically viable battery.
also on anvil is a 1,000-km chaar dhaam yatra project to connect the four holy towns of yamunotri, gangotri, kedarnath and badrinath with highways at a cost of rs 11,000 crore and a 5000-km of road network along the borders and coastal areas under 'bharat mala' at an estimated rs 80,000 crore.
india has the world's second-largest road network at 4.
80 million kilometers and national highways comprise 2 per cent of total road network bearing 40 per cent of total traffic and 65 per cent of freight and 80 per cent of passenger traffic.
the national highways length is about one lakh km.
having set such ambitious targets, gadkari has also given a stern 'perform or take vrs' warning to officials sitting on files and has asked them not to become obstacles in the way of india achieving world class infrastructure.
the government has decided to use isro-aided satellites and drones to monitor its highways construction programme to fast-track building of roads.
centre gung-ho over myanmar operationnew delhi, june 11, 2015, dhns: 0:08 istthe modi government was gung-ho over the armys hot pursuit of militants in myanmar.
union ministers lavished praise on the army for carrying out the daring operation and also stressed on the modi governments resolve to fight terror.
opposition congress also congratulated the indian army for its heroic success in manipur but at the same time counselled the government against going overboard on sensitive strategic matters.
the military action against insurgents with assistance from the myanmarese government speaks volumes about indias resolve to fight terror.
this is a lesson and a message to all the terror groups that india will not hesitate in going beyond its geographical borders to eliminate terrorists, environment minister prakash javadekar told reporters in mumbai.
junior minister of information and broadcasting rajyavardhan singh rathore said the army operation was a message to all nations that harbour any ill-intentions.
even if there are groups within countries that harbour terror intentions, we will choose the time and the place of hitting them.
he told a television channel.
congress spokesperson ajay maken pointed out that the previous upa government had signed an agreement with myanmar that made such operations possible.
at the same time, he said such incidents should not be politicised.
do not go overboard on sensitive strategic matters, maken said when asked to comment on the statements of union ministers.
meanwhile, modi has sent minister of state in the pmo jitendra singh to manipur to take stock of the situation in the aftermath of the army operation.
ministers to grace yoga day eventsnew delhi, june 21, 2015, dhns: 0:42 istif prime minister narendra modi will lead the international day of yoga event at rajpath on early sunday morning, his ministerial colleagues and bjp leaders will fan out in different parts of the country to ensure the fitness programme is a success.
union ministers nitingadkari gadkari will be in nagpur along with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis while venkaiah naidu will be in chennai, ramvilas paswan in patna, radhamohan singh in motihari of bihar, dharmendra pradhan in bhuvaneshwar, j p nadda in hyderabad and smriti irani in shimla.
bjp president amit shah will also participate at a function in patna, while party patriarch l k advani will also show up in palampur, which is lok sabha member shanta kumar's hometown in himachal pradesh.
on the eve of the international yoga day, union home minister rajnath singh congratulated pakistan national shamshad haidar for teaching yoga to 10,000 people in islamabad in his bid to get over misgivings on the fitness programme.
at a function, rajnath singh said, i congratulate shamshad haidar of pakistan who taught yoga to 10,000 people in islamabad.
terming yoga as countrys biggest gift to the world, singh also stated that, yoga does not separate one religion from another religion.
but, it unites one religion with another religion.
his reaction came since a section of muslim organistions have decided to boycott the event linking it with hindu religion.
a muslim cleric agreed that yoga stood for brotherhood and better health and opposition to it was by ill-informed people.
opposition to yoga is only by some politicians or by people who are ill informed.
yoga stands for brotherhood, muslim cleric mufti shamoon qasmi said.
qasmi said he will be at rajpath to do yoga himself.
people fed up with us, says kseshimoga, july 5, 2012, dhns 1:02 iststate bjp unit president and shimoga city mla k s eshwarappa reasserted that state leaders would accept central leaders decision on the change of guard in karnataka.
speaking to mediapersons here on thursday, he said: we have shared our opinions with central leaders, including nitingadkari gadkari.
we are prepared to accept their decision no matter what it is.
the central leaders have complete power to take decision on any issue pertaining to the party.
admitting that there were factions within the party, he said, we have committed blunders and people are fed up with these political developments.
i apologise to people of the state in this regard.
but, the government will complete its full term.
when asked about the change in the state bjp presidentship and the creation of the deputy chief ministers post, he refused to react.
