this story is from february 12, 2019photo for representative purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
thiruvananthapuram: ensuring better connectivity to ports in the state, the ministry of road transport and highways (morth) has included a total of 119-km of roads in the state in the final list of stretches, which will be widened under bharatmala pariyojana scheme.
the roads will provide connectivity to azheekkal, beypore, alappuzha, kollam and cochin ports.
the decision came as a big achievement for the public works department (pwd), which had put in much effort to bring the roads under the scheme.
the initial report included only 18km roads from the state.
the roads selected under port connectivity scheme of bharatmala include 13-km road connecting azheekkal port to nh-bypass road, 3-km road connecting kollam port to nh, 2-km riverside port road-beypore port stretch, 14-km road from azhikkal to puthuvalappu, 14-km road from payikulangara to alappuzha bypass, 12-km road from state highway to alappuzha bypass intersection, 12-km road from payyambalam to azheekkal, 12-km road from mudhiyam beach to madhura bazaar, 10-km road from madhura bazaar to chullikkad, 9-km road from fort vypin to matsyafed tourist office and 18-km beypore road to malaparambu beach.
the average width of the stretches will be 14 metres.
the state government will have to bear the expense for land acquisition.
the state, which had already planned to include most of these stretches under the coastal highway, being funded by kiifb, is not worried about funding for land acquisition, sources said.
last year, union minister nitingadkari gadkari had given in principal approval for 192-km roads to provide connectivity to all ports in the state such as vizhinjam , thankassery, alappuzha, kochi, munambam , ponnani, beypore and azheekkal.
however, the initial list was trimmed based on recommendation of ministry of shipping.
the state government is hoping for a major boost to the economy with better connectivity to ports.
it simultaneously plans to develop coastal highways and hill highways using kiifb fund.
hyderabad: a day after a four year-old nursery student of krishnaveni talent school was allegedly thrashed by his teacher for non-payment of fees, parents and members of the students federation of india protested in front of the school at meerpet demanding action against the management.
the victims parents alleged that swaroopa, the teacher who allegedly punished their son nitingadkari , was infamous among students for her temper and claimed this is not the first time she punished the child.
as soon as nitingadkari reached home on monday, he started crying.
when i enquired, he said the teacher had thrashed him but he did not know why.
the teacher punished him in an inhuman way.
there are bruises all over his body.
this is no way to treat a four-year-old, said nitins mother renuka j, adding they had already paid 10,000 towards the fee and only 1,000 was pending.
the childs father shekhar said he had earlier gone to the school and asked them not beat children.
nitin was punished by the same teacher multiple times, so were my brothers children.
so, we visited the school and requested them to not beat the children but they still punished my kid and now he is scared to go to school, said shekhar, a resident of nandanavanam , a slum area.
pointing out he is a plumber by profession and his wife works as domestic help, shekhar said they had enrolled their sons in a private school as they wanted them to have a good education and decent life.
meerpet police said they have arrested the teacher, principal, and school director and produced them in court.
the child seems to have been punished for not performing well in exams.
he was thrashed badly.
while the case has been registered against the teacher, the principal and director were also made party to it as they failed to take action, said ch ranga swamy , inspector of police, meerpet.
activists demanded that the recognition of the school be cancelled immediately.
this story is from january 11, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: implementing national green tribunal (ngt) directives, the state government has on january 10 constituted a nine-member committee to suggest mitigation measures for road projects cutting tiger corridors around tadoba-andhari tiger reserve (tatr).
the ngt orders had come after a hearing based on tois reports about the problems caused by these projects.
toi had on november 29, 2018, reported how a cluster of road widening projects in the buffer and proposed eco-sensitive zone (esz) of tatr were threatening tigers and their dispersal paths.
pwd is implementing the projects without any mitigation plans.
in an original application (1030/2018) citing the toi report titled string of new road projects in maharashtra to cut off tiger corridors, the ngt coram consisting of chairperson justice adarsh kumar goel, judicial members justice sp wangdi and justice k ramakrishnan, and expert member dr nagin nanda had on december 20 conducted proceedings.
the national green tribunal (ngt), principal bench, delhi, had directed all agencies to submit a report in one month.
the ngt said that for protection of environment and wildlife, and to avoid human-animal conflict, tiger corridors should remain undisturbed.
the road projects disturbing such tiger corridors may need to be reviewed.
till now, wildlife wing officials were neglecting the issue.
the tribunal had sought action taken report by february 28, 2019.
the state committee will be headed by pccf (head of forest force) while chief wildlife warden, state nodal officer, representatives of ministry of road transport and highways, national highways authority of india (nhai), public works department (pwd), national tiger conservation authority (ntca), and wildlife institute of india (wii) will be members, with ccf (planning & management) as member-secretary.
the state has asked the committee to conduct regular meetings and visit the project sites as per need and submit the compliance report.
the next date of ngt hearing is march 26.
the ngt order is binding as a decree of court and non-compliance is actionable by way of punitive action, including prosecution under the ngt act, 2010.
on november 11, highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had laid the foundation stone for several road development and repair works for 576km roads worth rs5,356 crore in chandrapur district alone.
of these, roughly 100km will cut through tiger corridors.
the latest wildlife institute of india (wii), dehradun, report released in june 2018 said there is presence of at least 200 tigers in the eastern vidarbha landscape (evl) in chandrapur, gondia, bhandara, gadchiroli, nagpur, and yavatmal districts.
road development is being carried out without any mitigation steps in all these districts adjoining protected areas.
most vulnerable will be tadoba landscape, where 60  of the state tiger population is present, say experts.
the most vulnerable two-lane road projects affecting wildlife and tigers include patches between nagbhid-brahmapuri-armori, malewada-chimur, chimur-warora, mul-chandrapur, bamni-navegaon and gadchiroli-mul, totalling 244km and costing rs1,618 crore.
pwd has also received approval for road widening between chimur-kanpa and hinganghat-nandori-kora-khadsangi-neri-pendhri-sindewahi-mul totalling 135km and costing rs810 crore.
several of these patches are connected to tadoba.
this story is from january 23, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: a five-member central observation team, as part of swachh survekshan 2019, arrived in nagpur on tuesday and began their job on a silent note.
nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) officials are still in the dark about the number of locations the team visited.
sources said, on day one of its stay in the city, the team covered areas in south and west nagpur which comprises areas under hanuman nagar, nehru nagar and dharampeth zones.
during their weeklong stay, as per plan, the central team will broadly evaluate the city for collection and transportation, processing and disposal, sustainable sanitation, iec and innovation.
we are not aware of where the team would visit.
unlike earlier surveys, the process is completely confidential, said a nmc official.
after reaching nagpur, the team split into two to visit various public places to assess the sanitation condition.
while one team went to south nagpur, the other team inspected various public places in west nagpur.
both the teams not only covered residential areas but also inspected commercial and market places.
according to an official, this time the team would also not visit the nmc unlike last year when they had visited the nmc for document verification process.
we had submitted all documents online related to the swachh survey mid-december, he said.
the team will also seek feedback from at least 100 citizens on the cleanliness and swachh bharat initiatives, he said.
according to an official source, documentation part of the survey has been done exceptionally well and so the citizen feedback category as people were sensitized to submit their inference about civic bodys performance for past one year.
as per mayor nanda jichkar, peoples participation is vital in keeping the city clean.
even union minister nitingadkari gadkari , chief minister devendra fadnavis and district guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule have been appealing citizens to cooperate the nmc to improve citys ranking in swachh survey, said the mayor.
as an advantage over other cities, nmc pointed out that this year it is promoting sewerage water treatment.
during last years survey, nmc bagged first prize in innovation category over using of gps enabled wrist watch for sanitary workers.
many residents identified public urination and littering on streets as the hindrance for civic body in improving their ranks in the survey.
manoj rai, a resident of manewada, pointed out that the nmc has started the swachh preparation very late.
according to him, its an annual affair and starting the cleanliness drive across the city just ahead of central team visit is just an eyewash.
this story is from december 28, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: army has finally cleared the widening of automotive square to kanhan road, which was held up since last eight months.
now, national highways authority of india (nhai) will be able to widen the road passing through kamptee cantonment.
the decision was taken at a high-level meeting held between defence minister nirmala sitaraman, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and several top officials of both ministries attended it.
nhai project director abhijit jichkar said that the current width of the nagpur-kanhan road passing through the cantonment is 15.
24 metre.
the stretch passing through defence areas is 4.
5 kilometres.
we have to construct a six-lane road having width of 26 metre.
army did not allow us to work saying that the open land along the road belonged to it.
the distance between its boundary walls is 30m.
the problem started eight months and worked had stopped completely since last four months, he added.
we asked the district collector to provide a map of the area so that armys claim could be verified.
however, superintendent of land records (slr) did not have maps of the cantonment.
then, we asked army officials to provide a map.
joint measurement survey was conducted on the basis of this map and the carriageway was found to be 25m wide.
army officials then asked us not to use the map, said jichkar.
left with no option, nhai officials approached gadkari to get the problem solved.
the minister held a meeting with sitaraman in which ministry of defence (mod) agreed to give working permission to the project.
it will be assumed that land belongs to the army.
when the requisite record is found and if it shows that land indeed belongs to it, then equivalent area of land will be given to it elsewhere.
we will send the minutes of the meeting to mod after which it will issue a letter to chief of kamptee cantonment, said jichkar.
the length of automotive square to kanhan road is 18km.
the cost of the project is rs254 crore.
defence land is not the only obstacle in this project.
there are encroachments along the road in nagpur, kamptee and kanhan.
while encroachments have been removed in kamptee, the ones in pili nadi area and kanhan still remain.
according to jichkar, the width of land available in these areas will be known only after measurement is done.
the target for completing the project was april 2019 but now nhai reckons that it will extend up to july 2019.
a railway underbridge (rub) near uppalwadi will take another six months.
there were water pipelines under the proposed rub.
the shifting work is about 90  complete.
now we will have to build the structure, said the project director.
meanwhile, nhai has admitted that the sadar flyover and khapri railway overbridge (rob) will not be complete on time.
the target for both the projects is march 2019.
now the deadline has been extended till july 2019.
project director abhijit jichkar said that the work of erecting the columns of the 4.
5km long sadar flyover was 100  complete.
the launching of superstructure has started, he added.
the portion of khapri rob over the railway track will be completed by march and the remaining portion will be completed by july, he further said.
due to land acquisition problems, nhai cant spell out a date for completion of pardi flyover.
this story is from january 4, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the process of upgradation of the government dental college and hospital will be kicked off on friday by bringing three major super speciality hospitals (ssh) into a new building.
it will be called as the golden jubilee annex building of ground plus five floors as the college is celebrating its golden jubilee this year.
all this will help gdch meet the dental council of india norms for both undergraduate and post graduate students.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari will unveil the plague of the new building at 4.
30pm on friday.
the government has sanctioned rs22.
47 lakh for the project.
gdch has already received rs2.
5 crore for the project as first instalment.
the gdch will now also have departments of cosmetic dentistry, oral implantology and digital dentistry.
it will have state of art central research lab for phd scholars, virtual digital classrooms for ug students, advanced e-library, advanced simulation pre-clinical labs.
the ug students will also be trained in skill development.
at present we have classrooms for just 30 students but now intake has increased to 50 and we need classrooms of 800 sq ft each.
the new building will have four such classrooms.
we have 19 post graduate students.
now we can increase that capacity too.
this was required by the dci for recognition of the college, said the gch dean dr sindhu ganvir.
all the departments will be completely digitized.
all reports including x-ray will be available to each doctor in his own room for any reference.
the cad-cam machine from gdch will be shifted to the new building.
it will also have a maxillofacial prosthesis section where all congenital (by birth) defects of face will be corrected through prosthesis.
it will also have a forensic odontology wing.
it will help in identifying the age of a person.
all the pre-clinical branches which are running short of space in the existing premises will be accommodated in the new building.
the new building will be a green building.
it will have a water harvesting system, heritage architectural elevation, auto shut generators, huge entrance core, solar water heating system, facilities for specially abled persons and firefighting protection system.
the total project is coming up in 22,000 sq ft area next to the existing dental college near the main building of the government medical college and hospital.
this story is from january 5, 2019union minister nitingadkari gadkari, along with chief minister devendra fadnavis, on friday performed bhoomipuja of p.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: city mp and union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari said developers of unauthorized layouts should be sent to jail.
gadkari, along with chief minister devendra fadnavis , on friday performed bhoomipuja of proposed road connecting wanjari nagar overhead water tank with ajni cement road near railway overbridge.
developers mark layout and sell plots on lands reserved for various purposes in citys development plan.
we are unable to provide basic amenities in these layouts.
stringent action is required against such developers, he said.
road from city to bhandara will become six-lane.
funds for these three works have already been approved, he said.
fadnavis said world economic forum in its report has stated nagpur will be among top 10 cities in entire world by 2035.
large number of developmental projects were executed in the city in the last four years while many are going on, he said.
fadnavis thanked gadkari for getting clearance for road from wanjari nagar overhead water tank to ajni cement road.
the project was pending for last many years.
it was facing one or other problems.
but gadkari could get the project cleared, he said.
gadkari has approved funds from central road fund for the project.
the states public works department will execute the project.
fadnavis and gadkari also performed bhoomipuja of 33kv substation proposed at the cost of rs57 crore, nits pandit deendayal upadhyay e-library and nmcs cement concrete road works worth rs75 crore.
this story is from december 29, 2018maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: with the new year only a few days away, the cash-strapped nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) is likely to get remaining special grants of rs175 crore.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has assured to release the grants soon.
standing committee chairman virendra kukreja told toi that fadnavis gave him the assurance when they met on thursday.
we are hopeful that fadnavis will release the grants in january.
grants of rs175 crore will come as a major relief for the civic body, he said.
in october, fadnavis approved special grants of rs325 crore to the nmc considering the request of union minister nitingadkari gadkari and kukreja.
grants worth rs150 crore were released in november.
earlier this month, fadnavis increased goods and services tax (gst) grant from rs52.
57 crore per month to rs86.
16 crore.
the revised grant was made effective from september that brought more funds of around rs100 crore to the nmc.
kukreja said the nmcs financial condition has improved to a great extent in the last three months.
the nmc released payment of rs2 crore each to three red bus operators on friday.
bills of cement concrete road projects have been cleared.
bills of hudkeshwar and narsala have been cleared up to december, he said.
works approved under government grants as well as regular payments too have been cleared up to november and july, respectively.
the process to clear regular payments up to october is underway and will complete within a week, he said.
various types of assistances from the government has helped the nmc in clearing long pending dues of contractors, bus operators and shares in government and developmental projects.
this story is from december 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: in a bid to boost the road infrastructure in tamil nadu and to match the growing demand of the burgeoning vehicular population, the union ministry of road transport and highways has taken up six projects for conversion to six or eight lanes, besides the contentious salem-chennai greenfield corridor project and chennai port-maduravoyal elevated corridor.
the multi-crore projects are under various stages of implementation including preparation of detailed project report for some and land acquisition in a few others.
union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said this in parliament in response to the queries from aiadmk members, p r senthil nathan, v sathyabama, r vanaroja and r k bharathi mohan.
the development of national highways is a continuous process and being done on the basis of inter-se-priority, traffic requirement, availability of funds, land and finalization of detailed project report.
at present, dpr for eight six/eight laning projects are in progress and estimated cost, funding type and construction period will depend on the outcome of the dpr, the minister said.
the letter of award has been issued to the contractor for six laning karaipettai-walajahpet section of old nh4, while bids have been received for six laning of sriperumbudur-karaipettai of old nh4.
the six-laning of chittoor-thatchur section of nh-716b is taken up under modi government's bharatmala pariyojana.
about 50km long stretch falls in tamil nadu and the rest in andhra pradesh.
public notification has been issued to acquire 875 hectares, much of it from private owners, sources said.
the cost estimate will be known on the receipt of detailed project report.
the six laning of madhavaram junction to cholavaram junction of chennai-tada section of nh-5 is an elevated corridor for about 10km to avoid demolition of buildings.
down south, six laning of dindigul bypass is being studied in the busiest nh44 section.
with aiadmk government coming on board after initial resistance during jayalalithaa days, chennai port-maduravoyal elevated project may get to see tenders shortly.
the civil cost of the six-lane project alone is estimated at 2,800 crore, besides 1,400 crore for land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation.
the 20.
23km long project will be expanded upto sriperumbudur in the second phase, and detailed project report is being worked out simultaneously, a nhai official said.
widening of existing two lane to four/six lane from karur-coimbatore section of nh-67 including coimbatore ring road is tentatively estimated to cost rs 2,850 crore.
the 181.
5 km long project will benefit kangayem, vellakoil and palladam areas.
preparation of land plan schedule is in advanced stage for karur-coimbatore section.
the six/eight laning of salem-kumarapalayam-chengapalli section of nh-544 will be 105km long.
the previous acquisition for the existing four lane leaves the bare minimum requirement for further widening programme.
this story is from november 2, 2018in the ease of moving index, jaipur has secured an overall score of 5.
23 on a scale of 0-10.
download the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: the transport system in the pink city is efficient, but the last mile connectivity is a big challenge, according to a report by ola mobility institute, which on thursday released the first-ever 'ease of moving index' in the country covering 20 cities.
the report, which clubs jaipur among seven booming cities, including patna, surat, ahmedabad, bhopal, indore and kochi, said that as people were willing to use cycles, both non-motorised and intermediate public transport can be used to strengthen public transit coverage, and thereby, ridership.
in the ease of moving index, jaipur has secured an overall score of 5.
23 on a scale of 0-10, just above kochi and indore.
but the use of public transport by 50  of commuters helps the city to score over others on the sustainability front.
only 8  of the people in jaipur prefer personal vehicles compared to 18  in patna and 31  in surat, the two top scoring cities in the group.
even in the top-ranked bhubaneswar, which is placed in the league of seven promising cities like jammu, jabalpur, kohima, nanded, mysuru, and vijayawada, public transport accounts for only 35  of the commuters while 44  use personal vehicles.
as per the report, released by the union road transport and highway minister nitingadkari gadkari , 92  of people feel safe to travel by public transport.
the perceived safety in public transport is second highest after ahmedabad.
similarly, on per capita trip rate of just 0.
89 paisa, 86  of people in jaipur feel public transport is affordable.
the cost of travel is second lowest after bhubaneswar, which has the lowest rate.
on the comfort factor, the public transport in the city scores high just below the highest-ranking delhi.
this story is from january 2, 2019picture for representational purpose only.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nashik: many onion traders from nashik have not dispatched the produce to other parts of the country after they failed to get railway rakes at nashik, lasalgaon, manmad , niphad and kherwadi stations as per their demand.
this, they claimed, had resulted in a huge stock with the traders, who were not making any fresh purchases.
the produce reaching the market is not getting sold or getting low price from traders, who still have stock to clear.
nashik traders send onions to new delhi, bihar and other states in north india, west bengal, and the north east states.
they prefer to transport by rail rather than road as it is cost effective and quick.
while it costs rs 5 per kg to transport onions by road, it costs only rs 2.
5 per kg by the railways.
the traders claimed that at present, they are getting one rake (each with 40 wagons) once in two-three days, though they have sought three rakes a day, considering the huge supply of onions from farmers.
a delegation of nashik traders led by the chairman of the state agriculture commission, pasha patel, discussed the issue with union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari a couple of days back.
railway is an effective means of transportation.
about 1,600 tonnes of onions may be transported at a time through one rake.
while there is demand of three rakes a day, onion traders are getting only one rake after every two-three days, patel said.
he claimed that during their meeting, gadkari spoke to railway minister piyush goyal , who has assured them that more rakes would be sent.
the railway minister has assured gadkari that immediate steps would be taken to increase the rakes in nashik, said patel.
according to him, traders do not buy fresh onions from farmers till their stock is cleared.
hence, there is need to increase the transport of onions by rail and adequate rakes must be made available for the purpose, patel added.
about 2 lakh quintals of onions are auctioned a day in district apmcs during peak period.
sohanlal bhandari, president of nashik district onion traders association, said that recently, there was huge arrivals of onions in agriculture produce market committees.
ideally, nashik traders need 20 rakes a week, he said.
recently, we had urged the railway administration to provide us more rakes, but it did not.
this affected our despatch of onions during the peak period.
we want railway administration to provide rakes as per our demand, said bhandari.
a railway official, requesting anonymity, told toi that they had provided rakes whenever they got a demand.
he claimed that the railways had provided 700 wagons from niphad and kherwadi stations in the past one month.
jaydatta holkar, chairman lasalgaon apmc, which is the largest wholesale onion market in the country, said that wholesale onion prices may increase by rs 200 per quintal if traders are able to despatch their consignments by rail on regular basis.
availability of rakes on regular basis will help traders to increase onion procurement and that may result into rise in wholesale onion prices by at least rs 200 per quintal from the present level, said holkar.
nagpur: the proposed women-only city bus service by the nagpur municipal corporation is as good as shelved.
the nmcs transport department has decided to divert the rs9.
60 crore received from the state government to procure 30 diesel buses for women-only service to procuring electric buses.
the proposal will come up before the transport committee meeting to be held on january 19.
transport committee chairman bunty kukde, however, assured that buses procured under tejaswini fund will be used for women-only service.
in may 2016, maharashtra government had okayed plying 300 tejaswini buses to cater to working women in cities.
in the last fiscal, the government had sanctioned rs50 crore for the project of which the nmc received rs9.
60 crore to procure 30 buses.
the panel chief too had directed the department to procure 32 buses exclusively for women commuters.
the department had started the procedure to procure the buses.
but now the department has taken a complete u-turn and instead proposes to buy electric buses.
sources pointed out that the decision to divert the funds will be a major setback for women commuters.
in the past too, the nmc had promised to start the service but did nothing on this front.
toi recently highlighted that many working women in the city travel in crowded city buses and having separate service for them during peak hours would be very helpful.
there was also demand that nmc should introduce special buses on some major busy routes like hingna, butibori, kamptee, wadi and bhandara road.
a senior official from the transport department, however, justified the move and stated that the civic body lacks funds to run diesel buses.
presently, the department is incurring rs6 crore loss per month.
if the nmc procures 32 more diesel buses, the loss will increase manifold.
hence, the change in proposal, he added.
recently, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari too had suggested the nmc to go for electric buses as it will minimize its cost of running the service.
the department has also submitted a proposal to appoint a transaction advisory consultant for bioethanol/electric buses to be plied by the nmc.
the department has proposed to empower the transport department to erect bus shelters instead of nmcs traffic department.
another proposal of appointing an advertising agency will also be tabled before the panel.
along with the expenditure on purchase of electronic ticketing machines, the balance sheet of the department will also be tabled before the panel.
this story is from december 1, 2018actors anil kapoor (left) and jackie shroff dance during the inaugural function of khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the ground of ishwar deshmukh college of physical education at krida chowk, hanuman nagar, reverberated with appreciative chuckles as the famous ram-lakhan of bollywood, anil kapoor and jackie shroff, recounted narratives from the dozen-odd movies in which they acted together.
shroffs quintessential bambaiya hindi aisaich hai bhidu.
.
.
and kapoors sweet sequencing of various pranks they pulled on each other had everyone smiling, applauding and whistling.
the duo was in the city on friday evening to inaugurate khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav, the fourteen-day cultural festival, which was followed by a live orchestra that played the actors some of the most celebrated songs.
union minister for transport nitingadkari gadkari, mayor nanda jichkar, energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mlc anil sole and director of sczcc deepak khirwadkar were present.
throughout the evening, the duo engaged in a friendly banter, shroff jokingly calling him chooza and kapoor narrating anecdotes from personal life.
in a quite candid talk, kapoor mentioned his warmth for brother-figure shroff and said, we  my wife sunita and jackies wife  are close friends since long and the bond we share goes deeper than just co-actors.
when asked about his eccentric sense of fashion in one of his movies mashaal, kapoor lightheartedly said, whenever i had to try a different or bold fashion style, jackie was my go-to.
even after 25 years, i have his pair of cargo pants that i borrowed for mashaal which have almost become my lucky charm.
shroff, endearingly calling him baba, said, he is a dedicated method actor.
during yudh, one of the movies we did together, i had to even sustain bruises on my face as a result of babas passionate fighting sequels.
the evening progressed with the songs featured on actors like keh do ke tum ho meri, sunn beliya, kaate nahin katte ye din ye raat and many others to which the audience happily sang along with the artistes.
cultural festivals of any region or city is a way to connect with people, especially with youth.
this festival will give almost 1,000 local artistes to showcase their talent, provide a platform to flourish, said gadkari in his welcome address.
this story is from february 10, 2019file photo of madhya pradesh chief minister kamal nath.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: on a winter day in 1980, then prime minister indira gandhi had travelled to chhindwara to accompany 34-year-old kamal nath file his first nomination for lok sabha polls.
she called him her third son.
now, almost four decades later, chief minister kamal nath is invoking indiras memory as his party makes a push for delhi.
all the schemes launched by nath since he became cm are named after indira.
while bjp had renamed over two dozen schemes in the name of pandit deendayal upadhyay and atal bihari vajpayee during its 15-year rule, congress is banking on the indira magic as it aims for total badlav at the centre.
two new schemes  indira kisan jyoti yojana and indira griha jyoti yojana  will be launched very soon in madhya pradesh to benefit farmers by halving their electricity tariff and giving 100 units of power at rs 100 to unorganized labourers, cm nath is learnt to have said at a cabinet meeting on thursday.
the congress rechristened saral bijli yojana of the shivraj singh chouhan government as indira griha jyoti yojana.
pension for the elderly and widows in bpl category is named indira vriddha pension yojana, and hiked from rs 300 to rs600.
under indira thali, cooked meals will be provided to public at rs 10 per plate.
the bjp government had a similar scheme called deendayal rasoi yojana.
indira thali was announced in indore on january 5 and is likely to launched in all district headquarters very soon.
the kamal nath government plans to review housing, savings, loan, health and women and child welfare schemes and rename them after indira gandhi, say sources.
urban development minister jaivardhan singh, however, said congress is more focused on the broader effect of schemes than their names.
congress not focusing on names but on impact: jaivardhan singhthe schemes launched earlier this week have not been renamed, but they are more effective, with bigger modifications, jaivardhan singh told toi on friday.
major benefits have been added to the schemes.
unlike bjp, congress is not focusing on names but on impact, he said.
when jaivardhans father, digvijaya singh, was cm, the congress government had launched indira awas yojana for homeless, which was later renamed by bjp as mukhyamantri awas yojana.
the bjp government scrapped rajiv gandhi jalgrahan mission and launched cm sinchai pariyojana (irrigation scheme).
similarly, rajiv gandhi shiksha mission was discontinued when bjp came to power at the centre in 2004 and merged with school chalein hum programme.
the narendra modi government has changed names of 29 prominent schemes launched by the erstwhile congress government under manmohan singh.
in madhya pradesh, there are plans to rechristen deendayal antyodaya upchar yojna, a scheme that seeks to provide social security cover to people from lower socio-economic backgrounds, and deendayal mobile hospital yojna, which aims to provide medical facilities in sc/st areas, say sources.
recently, senior bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari took congress and bjp leaders by surprise when he praised indira gandhi for her political acumen and competitiveness.
i did not believe in caste and reservation politics.
this nation has had leaders like indira gandhi.
she got the better of many stalwart male leaders of her time.
did she get any reservation?
the state bjp, however, distanced itself indira praise.
leader of opposition gopal bhargava said: changing names will not change the scheme.
bjp chose a poor philosopher and common man like deendayal ji to name schemes, which congress now wants to rename.
congresss parochial attitude will not help the old party garner votes.
bjps intention was to highlight grassroots level leaders to present them as ideals before the public and not people like indira gandhi, who belonged to an affluent family, bhargava told toi, demanding that congress explain how it will fund it promises.
this story is from february 2, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
trichy: farmers from the delta districts have expressed disappointment with the interim budget stating that the government had not done anything for the farmers in the past and in this budget.
there was no word of long-pending demands like loan waiver or reasonable price for produce and hence the distress of the farmers would continue.
the announcement of income support was an eyewash.
it was a big question as to how they would implement the scheme, said the president of all farmers associations coordination committee, p r pandian.
the bjp government has not fulfilled the farmer's core demands which include complete loan waiver and remunerative price for produce at 1.
5 times the cost of production.
these were both promises made by the government before it came to power.
so this is betrayal of farmers, he added.
thanjavur district cauvery farmers protection association said that farmers had been protesting ever since the bjp government assumed office.
though this was an interim budget, they could have done something concrete if they intended to, said association secretary swamimalai r vimalnathan.
the income support scheme is a copy of rythu bandhu scheme introduced by telangana government.
the union government should have at least announced the same amount (rs 8,000 for those holding 2 acre), he added.
he said there was no mention of a plan announced by the minister for shipping and water resources, nitingadkari gadkari, to link cauvery and godavari rivers.
the bjp governments betrayal of tamil nadu was continuing, vimalnathan further said.
however, the state spokesperson of bharathiya kisan sangam, n veerasekaran , termed the budget as mega pro-farmer.
while welcoming the pms assured income support to small and marginal farmers, he said, small and marginal farmers who have been struggling to meet labour cost or input cost will largely benefit from the scheme.
farmers should thank the bjp government for this announcement, he stated.
this story is from january 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: targeting political heavyweights from the city  chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari  for their alleged betrayal of the regions youth, the nagpur district unit of national students union india (nsui) on wednesday demanded removal of photographs of both the leaders from nagpur university website.
a delegation of nsui members met vice-chancellor sp kane to press the demand claiming that both the leaders have failed to fulfil their promises of creating two lakh jobs and separate vidarbha.
both the bjp leaders are among the several stalwarts who have brought laurels to the nu and therefore find mention in the glorious alumni list on the website.
kane refused to comment on the issue.
nsui protesters said leaders who make false promises should not be portrayed as role models.
nsui activist ajit singh said, students seek inspiration from rashtrasant tukdoji maharaj and the university never teaches its pupil to tell lies.
however, gadkari and fadnavis have fooled the youth and brought disgrace to the historic university.
singh added that the city mp gadkari has been quoted as saying politicians need to make false statements sometimes.
the nsui activist said that it has been proved beyond doubt that both the leaders are not going to fulfil their promises.
it also makes clear that they lied to us, he said.
though the nu is non-committal on the demand, it has adopted strict policy on inclusion of alumni in its publicity campaigns.
last year, the university had removed from its website the picture of academician dr vedprakash mishra after it withdrew his diploma over an alleged case of plagiarism.
the nsuis demand has been supported by proponents of separate statehood.
former maharashtra advocate general and staunch supporter of vidarbha statehood, shreehari aney, said he was of the view that photographs of leaders, especially while they are in office, shouldnt be displayed on public portals.
but there are certain offices like the prime minister and chief minister which command respect.
without looking at if the demand is right or wrong, it is a matter of sentiments, betrayal and anguish.
as this is an expression of anguish and despair, i would support it, he said.
former katol mla ashish deshmukh, who had led agitations for statehood, said there is no doubt that the university website has photographs of notable congress, bjp and other leaders, but fact remains that gadkari and fadnavis have let down the region.
everything was in their hands to bring jobs and create vidarbha state, but the golden chance has been lost.
there are no jobs and youth is disappointed with the saffron party, he said.
this story is from february 15, 2019tcp minister vijai sardesai and south goa mp narendra sawaikar addressed ecnr issues on thursday in margao.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
margao: ahead of the parliamentary polls that will be declared soon, minister for town and country planning vijai sardesai and south goa mp narendra sawaikar on thursday attempted to woo the seafarer community by addressing their issues during the inauguration of a post office passport seva kendra (popsk) in margao stating that a large number of passport-related work was from salcete, sardesai said that the popsk will ease the difficulties of the people from south goa who had to travel to panaji for the purpose, even as he stressed on the need for ecnr (emigration check not required) stamping facility for passports to be restarted in goa.
he urged sawaikar to take up the issue with the centre.
people need to travel to mumbai for ecnr clearance which earlier would be done in goa, he said.
while acknowledging the need for a full-fledged passport officer for goa, sawaikar said he has already apprised external affairs minister sushma swaraj about the issue and was confident the demand will soon be met.
i am taking the responsibility of ensuring that a full-fledged passport officer will soon be appointed for goa.
i have also suggested that they, if need be, request the goa government to lend one of their officers to be posted as the passport officer; the goa government will be willing to accede to the request, he said.
further stating that he took up the issue of ssc qualification being made mandatory for indian cdc (continuous discharge certificate, a seafarer's identity document) during his meeting with union minister for shipping nitingadkari gadkari , sawaikar said he expected a circular to be issued by the centre soon about relaxation in the rule.
sawaikar, had earlier written to gadkari pointing out that an estimated 1,000 goan seafarers could be rendered jobless due to the new rule.
regional passport officer, t d sharma, senior superintendent of post offices, archana gopinath, and south goa collector agnelo fernandes also spoke on the occasion.
this story is from january 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: ashish deshmukh, the mla recently quit the bjp, obc leader baban taywade and little-known satish tarekar are among the applicants to contest the lok sabha seat on a congress ticket.
former 7-time mp vilas muttemwar who was trounced by bjps nitingadkari gadkari the last time, is not among the names.
i did not file any application last time too but was nominated by the party, muttemwar told toi.
congress president rahul gandhi has passed strict instructions for selection of candidates for the coming lok sabha elections.
as per the schedule set by him, all aspirants for congress ticket for contesting the nagpur and ramtek seats have been asked to submit the requisite application form by wednesday at the district headquarters of city and district unit respectively.
sources close to muttemwar suggested that being a senior leader, he may be exempted from that process.
on tuesday, the party was agog with speculation that corporator praful gudadhe may seek the ticket.
but sources close to him indicated he was reluctant to enter the race.
gudadhe is apparently wary of factional fights in the party and resources required to take on a powerful rival like gadkari.
some more applications are expected on wednesday before the deadline.
the names of ramkrishna (munna) ojha and ashok dhawad as aspirants were doing rounds in party circles.
for ramtek seat, only one application was received till tuesday.
that was filed by former executive engineer of nmc gajanan jambhulkar.
in 2014, he had tried for a bjp ticket to contest from nagpur north assembly seat but failed to get the chance.
later he was made member of state public service commission.
jambhulkar is now keen to fight on a congress ticket from ramtek which is reserved (sc) seat and saw mukul wasnik in fray there last time.
there is speculation that former mla nitingadkari raut may seek it this time too.
this story is from january 27, 2019union minister nitingadkari gadkarimake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the statement assumes significance given that the lok sabha elections are weeks away.
people like (political) leaders who sell them dreams.
therefore, only sell those dreams which are deliverable.
i am not one of those who sell dreams,koppikar has been appointed as the working president of the women's transport wing.
the 61-year-old minister for road transport, highways and shipping in the narendra modi government, simultaneously asserted that he is a doer who delivers on his promises.
i am not the one who only sells dreams, but i deliver 100 per cent what i talk about.
mediapersons in mumbai know what kind of a person i am as they have seen how i complete projects.
they trust me, said the 61-year-old former bjp president.
harking back to his stint as maharashtra's pwd minister from 1995-99 in the shiv sena- bjp government, he said, people used to laugh at me when i used to claim that i was going to build over 50 flyovers in mumbai and bring down travel time between mumbai and pune to two hours (via 91-km expressway).
i proved them wrong and completed every project i had promised.
the remarks came days after the bjp's defeat in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh assembly elections.
without making a direct reference to the nayantara sahgal row, he had said, politicians should learn not to interfere in other fields.
the people who are in universities, educational institutions, literature and poetry, they should be dealing with their (respective) areas.
this story is from january 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: with general elections approaching, union transport minister and city mp nitingadkari gadkari seems to be in a hurry to perform bhoomipuja of several developmental works before the model code of conduct comes into force.
gadkari held a meeting on tuesday regarding projects like widening of kelibagh road, old bhandara road, gaddigodam road, pardi flyover, indora chowk-ashok square flyover etc.
when the public works department (pwd) and nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) officials told him that not much progress was achieved in most of the projects, a peeved gadkari gave them an earful.
the minister severely reprimanded the top officials and told them that he wanted to perform bhoomipuja of these projects by february 15 as the elections might be announced any time after february 20.
the review meeting started with discussion on the present status of pardi flyover.
gadkari expressed anguish when the collectors office, states public works department and nagpur municipal corporations town planning department blamed each other over land acquisition status of 2.
40 hectare required for the project.
visibly unhappy over the town planning departments lackadaisical attitude, the union minister threatened to suspend assistant director town planning pramod gawande or else he should opt for voluntary retirement if the departments functioning doesnt improve.
he later directed all concerned agencies to speed up the land acquisition process and property valuation within eight days.
land acquisition for the project should commence from january 25, he said, adding the work of property acquisition should be completed before february 10 so that bhoomipuja of the pardi road widening can be held on february 15.
a representative of shopkeepers led by manoj agrawal and batukbhai bagde urged gadkari to direct the national highways authority of india (nhai) to acquire only 1.
5 metres land by the roadside instead of proposed 3 metres.
acquiring 1.
5 metres land including footpath apart from the existing road would suffice the road widening requirement, they said.
he assured to look into their demand.
gadkari also directed the concerned officials to invite tenders for kelibagh road, old bhandara road, gaddigodam to teka naka road, dighori to nagpur city road within a week.
he also expressed anguish over slow progress of 20 road projects including seven railway underbridges under central road fund for which the central government has provided rs1,882 crore.
of them, tenders were invited for 11 works.
to this, the city mp directed the public works department to speed up the process.
about rehabilitation of shopkeepers of kelibagh road, the minister said that all the affected shopkeepers will be rehabilitated in mahal budhwar bazaar shopping complex.
tender for the project will be invited within eight days, he added.
railway station road developmentto convince the railway station flyover shopkeepers, mahametro has displayed the redevelopment model.
gadkari assured the shopkeepers that they will be rehabilitated in the new complex coming up at mpsrtc and msrtc land and asked them to support demolition of the existing flyover.
he also directed the mahametro to go ahead with the demolition of the existing flyover.
gadkari also reviewed redevelopment projects of yeshwant stadium and under tunnel with viewing gallery at futala promenade.
he also reviewed yeshwant stadium redevelopment project and under tunnel with viewing gallery at futala promenade.
this story is from december 19, 2018picture for representational purpose only.
download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: a flip-flop from chancellor ch vidyasagar raos office led to an embarrassing position for nagpur university (nu) regarding its chief guest for the convocation scheduled on january 19.
after inviting director of prestigious iim ahmedabad errol dsouza as the chief guest of the 106th ceremony, the nu administration suffered an ignominy of writing to him on not being able to accommodate him for the event.
nu assured him to invite for some other important function in near future while apologizing him citing date problem with the governor.
admitting to the flip-flop, vice-chancellor sp kane said that it happened due to delay in communication from raos office.
when iim director was fixed as the chief guest, the chancellors office asked us to advance the date to january 18, which we accepted.
however, that date was not suitable for dsouza.
afterwards, the chancellors office again informed me that it would be suitable for rao to attend the ceremony on january 19.
hence, this (flip-flop) happened, he told toi from abroad.
according to nu officials, the governor was supposed to attend some function with union railway minister piyush goyal in gadchiroli on january 18, which was cancelled.
so, the chancellor granted his consent to attend the convocation on same day, which forced nu to advance the date by a day and write to dsouza to change his schedule.
nu officials also wrote to goyal on becoming the chief guest for the function, but he denied after keeping nu waiting for a long time.
they claimed that it was precisely the reason nu decided to drop dsouza as the chief guest to accommodate the minister.
earlier, an official from iim directors office also confirmed to toi that dsouza was not attending the convocation as kane himself had emailed to him on clashing of dates with the governor and accommodating him during the next function.
dsouza couldnt be contacted for comments as he was on a vacation at goa, as per iim pro deepak bhat.
officials said that nu was in a quandary on the convocations chief guest now.
they said both acting vc murlidhar chandekar and pro-vc pramod yeole met union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari a couple of times at his home for finalizing the chief guest, but no names were finalized till tuesday.
both avoiding talking to toi.
on monday, kane diverted all queries on the issue to chandekar and yeole.
however, both remained elusive and refused to respond.
chandekar, who is at his home turf in amravati for its convocation on december 20, did not respond to tois calls on monday and tuesday.
yeole on other hand, didnt reply to numerous smss by toi and even kept this scribe waiting outside his office for a long time.
on monday, yeole told toi that he was unaware of any such development and assured to probe into the episode and revert, just to ignore all calls later.
this story is from january 28, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
addressing the public, the union minister said, i had a dream of having a transport system like venice in goa.
through waterways, you can reach the airport.
but there is no progress on water transport in goa.
this story is from january 29, 2019nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur: minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari laid foundation stones for four nh projects in state on monday.
these included three projects in bikaner and one in nagaur.
in bikaner, the first project was 163-km two lane section of national highway from raisinghnagar to poogal.
this road is being built under bharatmala on engineering, procurement and construction (epc) mode at a cost of rs 687 crore.
the second was the four lane by two lane khajuwala-poogal and poogal-dantour-jaggasar-gokul-godu-ranjeetpura-charanwala-naukh-bap sections of nh-911, being built under bharatmala on hybrid-annuity model basis.
the 212-km project is estimated to cost rs 895 crore.
third project is four lane by two lane bikaner-phalodi section of nh-15 under national highways development project (nhdp)-phase iv.
this story is from december 28, 2018arvind kejriwal (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on thursday praised union highways and water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari for showering more love on the delhi government than maybe on his own partymen.
speaking at an event attended by a couple of bjp ministers and delhi mps, kejriwal said he hoped the aap dispensation would have the same working relations with the centre that it shared with the bjp leader.
gadkari has never made us feel that he belongs to a rival party.
i dont know about others, but the way he has showered love on us, i dont think the bjp people have got that much love.
.
.
the spirit in which we have gathered here together, the spirit in which we have worked with gadkari sahab, i hope we get to work with the centre in the same spirit, the chief minister said.
this is not the first time when the two leaders have come together for development works, keeping aside the political issues.
kejriwal has attended several meetings at transport bhawan for road rojects and works relating cleaning of yamuna.
kejriwal also said the laying of foundation stone of projects under phase-iii of the yamuna action plan was an important step for the federal structure of the country.
post elections, no matter what party is in power in a state or at the centre, both parties should work together and ensure people get the development they voted for, he said.
patna: union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday approved the second phase of ganga riverfront development project, which envisages development of 27 ghats between nauzar ghat and nurpur ghat in patna city and a 6.
5km promenade connecting them.
the project will be executed with an estimated expenditure of rs 218 crore.
work on the first phase of ganga riverfront development project in patna is in the final stages.
it entails development of 5.
7km-long and 15ft-wide walkway along 20 ghats in the city which will have amenities like decorative street lamps, public lavatories, 500 seating benches and green cover.
the project was initially slated to be completed by june 2016, but the deadline was later extended to june this year.
he added, namami gange is a challenging task as the river flows through multiple states and the level of pollution also varies.
the centre has sanctioned rs 22,000 crore for different schemes under namami gange.
the schemes were conceptualised after studying the river pollution mitigation measures in european countries, us and japan.
the best minds and best technologies have been involved in conceptualising and executing namami gange programme.
the sea planes will land not only on water, but also on ground.
if bihar government requests, we will launch this service here as well.
this story is from december 29, 2018national green tribunaldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: taking suo motu cognizance of tois report on a string of road projects cutting through tiger corridors around tadoba-andhari tiger reserve (tatr), the national green tribunal (ngt)s principal bench in delhi has directed all the agencies to submit a report in a month.
on november 29, toi had reported how a cluster of road widening projects falling in the buffer and proposed eco-sensitive zone (esz) of tatr without any mitigation plans were threatening tigers and dispersal paths.
vide an original application (1030/2018) stating toi report titled string of new road projects in maharashtra to cut off tiger corridors, the ngt coram consisting of justice adarsh kumar goel (chairperson), justices sp wangdi and k ramakrishnan (judicial members), and dr nagin nanda (expert member) conducted proceedings on the basis of the news article on december 20.
the ngt said that for protection of environment and wildlife as well as avoid human-animal conflict, tiger corridors should remain undisturbed.
the road projects which disturb such tiger corridors may need to be reviewed.
the ngt has directed the ministry of road transport and highways (morth), national highways authority of india (nhai), public works department (pwd), maharashtra government, state forest department, ntca member-secretary and moefcc to hold a joint meeting in the matter and give a report.
the nodal agency will be the forest department.
a meeting for the purpose should be held within a month and an action-taken report may be furnished to the tribunal on or before february 28, 2019, said the bench.
the next date of hearing has been kept on march 26.
the order of ngt is binding as a decree of court and non-compliance is actionable by way of punitive action, including prosecution, in terms of the ngt act, 2010.
on november 11, union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone for several road development and repair works for 576km worth rs5,356 crore in chandrapur district alone.
of these, roughly over 100km will cut through tiger corridors.
as per the report of wildlife institute of india (wii), dehradun , released in june 2018, there is presence of at least 200 tigers in the eastern vidarbha landscape (evl) in chandrapur, gondia, bhandara , gadchiroli, nagpur, and yavatmal districts.
road development is being carried out and is also proposed without any mitigation steps in all these districts adjoining protected areas.
most vulnerable will be tadoba landscape where 60  of the state tiger population is present, experts said.
this story is from november 6, 2018hsiidc said minor work like cleaning and setting up boards is leftdownload the times of india news app for latest citygurugram: the inauguration of the 83-km kundli-manesar stretch of the kmp expressway by prime minister narendra modi has been postponed by a week from its earlier date of november 10.
this is the third time that the inauguration of the stretch has been delayed.
hsiidc, the government authority looking after the project, has sought a weeks time to complete pending work like cleaning and setting up boards.
along with kmp, sources said the pm will also lay the foundation stone of the two phases of dwarka expressway when he visits the city.
union minister and gurugram mp rao inderjit singh said, pm modi will come to inaugurate the kmp expressway in the city.
a senior hsiidc official added, we have not received a confirmation of the two dates finalised  november 17 and 18  but the project will be thrown open in between these two days.
the project is 98  complete and only minor things like cleaning up and putting up of boards are left, which will be done in the one-week period left.
everything else has been completed.
kmp expressway is being built at a cost of rs 1,863 crore.
it was supposed to be completed by 2009, but missed several deadlines.
the expressway has eight small and six big bridges, four railway over bridges and 34 underpasses.
the total length of the expressway is 135km, of which the manesar-palwal stretch was inaugurated by union minister nitingadkari gadkari last year.
sources in the state government told toi that the pm might lay also the foundation stone of the two phases of the dwarka expressway which lie in gurugram when he comes to inaugurate the dwarka expressway.
theres a big possibility that pm might lay the foundation stone of dwarka expressway along with the kmp project, a source said.
forming a ring around ncr, kmp expressway and the eastern peripheral expressway were conceived to ensure that non-destined commercial vehicles do not enter the city limits of delhi.
this story is from november 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the 79th session of the indian roads congress (irc) will begin in the city from thursday.
it is a four-day event and is being held in nagpur for the fifth time.
the venue is divisional sports complex, mankapur.
the session will kick-off with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurating the technical exhibition at 10am.
addressing a press conference on wednesday, irc secretary general nirmal kumar said that 14 new and revised codes related to roads and bridges would be released in the session.
ten important documents prepared during the last year will also be discussed.
delegates will deliberate on the manuals.
we have arranged a presentation by phd students of civil and structural engineering, he added.
a highlight of the session is a panel discussion on accelerated construction of roads and bridges.
earlier, we used to construct 10km roads a day.
now the figure has reached 40km.
however, the government wants to increase the speed further.
so this topic is very important, said kumar.
on wildlife mitigation measures required during road construction, kumar said that a discussion on process of environmental clearance would take place.
irc had prepared a guideline for environmental clearance in 2015.
the latest directive from ministry of environment, forests and climate change (moefcc) is awaited.
they will be incorporated soon, he added.
about 3,000 delegates from all over the country as well as foreign countries will attend the session.
a conference of public works department ministers of all states will be held with gadkari.
the new body of irc will also be elected during the session.
this story is from february 9, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
allahabad: union minister nitingadkari gadkari visited kumbh mela and met president of parmarth niketan swami chidanand here on friday.
the union minister for river development and ganga rejuvenation held a brief discussion with swami chidanand centred on advancing the spread of the geotube physio-remediation water treatment programmes.
chidanand was the first to bring this technology as a pilot plan in rishikesh on june 2018, creating indias first sewage to selfie point.
the project was completed with the combined effort of european scientists and indian engineers using a mix of external resources and materials with local ones.
centre and the state government, impressed by the success of the technology, started utilising this technology proactively to clean up nullahs (sewers) flowing into the yamuna and ganga, especially in prayagraj ahead of the kumbh, to provide clean water for sacred snans.
during their meeting on friday, swami chidanand emphasised on bringing the technology to assi and varuna rivers and to create more sewage to selfie points in major cities along the ganga, like kanpur and patna.
he lauded the efforts of the national mission for clean ganga and was glad to be assured by gadkari that no untreated sewerage would run into the ganga by 2020.
when our rivers are clean, our nation is healthy.
when there is ganga, there is tomorrow.
as ganga thrives, india thrives.
if we let ganga die, india dies, said chidanand.
chief minister of gujarat vijay rupani also visited parmarth niketan at arial on friday.
rupani said, swamijis slogan beti hai to kal hai aur ganga hai to jal hai is need of the hour.
protection of the girl child, ending child marriage and educating and empowering girl child is crucial to the progress of our nation.
this story is from november 25, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: an online campaign has been launched against construction of an alternative road on lush green land of dr panjabrao deshmukh krishi vidyapeeth (pdkv) for diverting traffic when the stretch along futala lake will be closed for redevelopment in the near future.
jaydeep das, a livelihood expert with tiger reserve foundation of the forest department, has launched the online movement as 500 trees will be chopped off for the proposed plan.
these trees and the stretch of road are home to a large number of birds, monkeys and peacocks, besides others.
das has also planned to file a pil in nagpur bench of bombay high court, opposing the alternative road.
over 670 people have signed das online petition within a couple of days.
the petition was submitted to chief minister devendra fadnavis , union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and eight officials concerned with the alternative road after it was signed by first 250 nature lovers.
mahametro, in association with nagpur municipal corporation (nmc), has planned the alternative road.
the road situated in front of futala lake will be closed to traffic for around one year.
the road will be converted into a tunnel as a viewers gallery is to come up over it as part of the redevelopment project.
the alternative road will connect bharat nagar square on amravati road with telangkhedi hanuman mandir road near the office of maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran (mjp).
das said a meeting has been organized with residents of bharat nagar at 7.
30am on sunday.
cutting down of trees will not only affect residents but also environment, birds and monkeys.
residents of bharat nagar will be the most affected.
the meeting is aimed at garnering support of people to the movement, he added.
speaking to toi, das said the pil will be filed in the high court within a week.
i have already sent letters to mayor nanda jichkar, mahametro md brijesh dixit and other officials, opposing the move, he added.
nagpur: all india institutes of medical sciences ( aiims ), which is coming up at mihan, is set to host the first-ever parking area for a helipad attached to a hospital in the city.
incidents of policemen and paramilitary forces needing emergency medical attention in naxalite-affected districts are frequently reported in vidarbha.
in such cases, the injured are rushed to the city through aeroplanes.
they are brought to city airport and then taken to hospitals.
with the provision of a helipad on aiims premises, the injured from other districts or adjoining states can get medical treatment at the earliest.
to have a city connect, it has been decided that the helicopter space will be surrounded by a sprawling orange garden to be set up in recognition with national research centre for citrus (nrcc).
the garden will also host an ayurveda clinic.
as one enters through the main gate of aiims, the sprawling garden can be seen on the left side.
all this has been included in the master plan of aiims, the design of which has been approved by maharashtra airport development corporation (madc).
accordingly, the construction began in september.
with the outpatient department and residential zone, we will be ready to launch the first phase of aiims in february 2019, said sandip jain, an official from hospital services consultancy corporation limited (hscc), which is executing the project.
union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has been pursuing the project at every stage since the beginning.
gadkaris advisor dr viral kamdar said, it took a little time to get the clearances and begin the work.
but ever since the construction began, things are moving quickly.
we are happy with the development.
ultimately, the project will reflect the work of all the globally renowned agencies working in collaboration here.
the 150-acre campus comprises healthcare, academic and residential zones to create a holistic environment of the premier medical science institution.
globally renowned architecture firm perkins eastman, along with edifice consultants, is designing the entire project estimated to be completed in 2020.
the project is designed to be a completely accessible site, where automobile and service vehicles may ply.
however, priority is given to pedestrians and bicycles in an eco-conscious campus.
according to perkins eastman, the campus has been designed to accommodate enormous outpatient demand.
aiims here is projected to eventually serve a population of 365 lakh from eastern and southern regions of vidarbha and marathwada, respectively, said an officer of the firm.
the agency team comprises experts from its offices in charlotte, dubai, los angeles, mumbai, new york, san francisco and washington dc.
the team was formed keeping in mind the scale of the project, the timeline and programmatic complexity, said the agency.
aiims, nagpur, is one of three comprehensive aiims campuses being designed by the firm.
the other two are, aiims kalyani (west bengal) and aiims guntur (andhra pradesh).
a social club in kanpur recently organised a couple party cum fashion show.
the do, organised at a city hotel, had all the couples turn up in their fashionable best.
this time we have clubbed a fashion show and a party together so that the members have a high dose of entertainment, said kanchan , one of the organisers of the do.
she, along with her husband nitingadkari , were seen socializing with the guests.
(l) deepali and shivika (r) ekta and anil (bccl/ ib singh)soon, the club members were seen walking the ramp like trained models.
we all have really rehearsed hard so that we walk like professionals on the ramp, said tanvi.
nandini , shyam, neha, chanakya and rakesh also walked the ramp with full confidence.
swati and anuj were seen having a good time during the do.
(l) hardeep and amrit (r) kanchan (bccl/ ib singh)but the do turned out to be more entertaining when everyone got on the dance floor to groove on latest bollywood numbers.
also present at the do were shivika, anmol, ravi, alka, vishal and kratika.
this story is from november 1, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: in what could be a pre-diwali gift, the cash-strapped nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has received rs125 crore for cement concrete road project phase-iii.
more special grants of rs175 crore are expected by november end.
approved by chief minister devendra fadnavis, the cement concrete road project phase-iii has received rs62.
50 crore from the state government and an equal amount from the nagpur improvement trust (nit).
total approved cost of the project is rs300 crore, of which the government, nit and the nmc will contribute rs100 crore each.
under the project, 42 roads, total length of 42km, will be concretized under 10 packages at the cost of rs237.
28 crore.
remaining rs62.
72 crore will be spent on development of squares, road-dividers and beautification works.
standing committee chairman virendra kukreja, in a press conference held on wednesday, said the nmc can now begin execution of the project.
while approving the project, the government laid a condition that it would release funds equivalent to that contributed by the nmc.
i requested fadnavis who relaxed the condition and issued notification for the funds on october 29, he said.
the cm had approved the project in may 2016.
but the nmc delayed planning due to lack of funds to contribute its share.
nmc official told toi preliminary works like survey, inspection of utilities under the road, marking of two sides of the road etc are underway.
under phase-iii, the number of cement concrete roads in the city will increase to a great extent.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari had concretized seven major roads during his tenure as guardian minister between 1994 and 1999.
under phase-i, the nmc is concretizing 30 roads along 26km at the cost of rs123 crore.
similarly, 51 roads covering 68km are being concretized at the cost of rs324 crore under phase-ii.
the states public works department is concretizing inner ring road along 45km for rs205 crore.
kukreja added the nmc will get more special grants of rs175 crore by november end.
cm sanctioned special grants of rs150 crore.
cm, gadkari and guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule ensured that nmc got the funds, he said.
kukreja said bills of civil contractors will be cleared, along with some other works, from rs150 crore special grant.
a special meeting of standing committee will be held on thursday to decide spending of rs150 crore, he said.
kukreja sounded confident about achieving the revenue target of rs2,946 crore set by the standing committee.
we are taking all efforts to increase revenue from own sources like property tax, he said.
this story is from january 22, 2019jiya tarun modheradownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ahmedabad: a garbage collection vehicle of the ahmedabad municipal corporation (amc) mowed down a two-year-old girl in the sabarmati area of the city on monday morning.
the deceased was identified as jiya tarun modhera, a resident of bhavsagar society in sabarmati.
the incident occurred when jiyas grandmother, kamla modhera, went to deposit their garbage in the vehicle.
while she was depositing the garbage, jiya was standing near the rear wheel of the vehicle.
while modhera was emptying her bin, the van driver thought she was done and started the vehicle without seeing jiya standing in front of the wheel.
as he drove away, jiya was run over and died on the spot, an official of l division traffic police said, where an fir has been lodged on a complaint by jiyas father, tarun, a trainer at a gym in motera .
the modhera family and other residents of the society later surrounded the driver and detained him.
the family had immediately called emergency services but jiya was dead by the time help arrived.
jiyas uncle, nitingadkari , said they had detained the driver and called police, but while they were attending to jiya, the driver fled.
the family members took down the vehicle number, through which police began their investigation.
l division traffic police registered a case for causing death by negligent driving.
this story is from january 25, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: the third mandovi bridge will be opened for traffic on january 29, two days after it is inaugurated by union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
gadkari and chief minister manohar parrikar will commission the project on january 27 at 7.
30pm.
from january 26 to 28, public will be allowed to walk across the new bridge and enjoy the view from atop, pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar said on thursday.
all four-wheelers will be able to use the new bridge from january 29 morning to travel from mapusa towards margao and ponda and vice versa.
for eight days, the traffic flow plan will be on a trial basis.
problem areas will be identified during these days and accordingly a plan will be drawn and approval will be taken from the cm before it is implemented, dhavalikar said.
he said the bridge inaugural programme on january 29 will be of around 80 minutes.
this story is from december 1, 2018dwarka expressway (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: haryana shehri vikas pradhikaran (hsvp, formerly known as huda) has handed over a stretch of land 9km-long and 90m-wide to national highway authority of india (nhai) to build phase 3 of dwarka expressway , promising to hand over another stretch next month.
the development has come as a big relief to 1.
5 lakh homebuyers who have purchased flats along the road.
the stretch that hsvp handed over on thursday is between the railway overbridge in basai village and the delhi-gurugram border .
with this, 10.
2km of the total 18km of npr has been handed over, while another 4km, which is part of phase 2, will be handed over next month.
nhai has already allotted the tender to construct the portion of highway that we handed over today.
were hopeful it will be completed very soon, said chandrashekhar khare, administrator, hsvp.
the 18km-long portion of northern peripheral road, being expanded as dwarka expressway, is being built in 5 phases.
phases 3 and 4 will be constructed next, with phase 3 carrying a budget of rs 1,333 crore, while phase 4 is tagged at rs 1,047 crore.
the entire project will cost around rs 7,200 crore.
meanwhile, phase 1, which is currently being built, is facing obstructions.
hsvp is yet to vacate some plots with structures, located close to the culvert that connects npr with connecting peripheral road (cpr) near sector 81, and allot alternative plots to their owners as promised.
another stretch of 40m near kherki daula is yet to be acquired by hsvp.
on top of these, there are trees that have to be felled for the project near bajghera, for which nhai has approached hsvp, gmda and forest department, but nothing has been done yet.
hsvp officials though said the relocation of overhead high-tension cables is almost complete.
incidentally, the eviction of plots near the culvert has stalled because the alternative plots allotted are so close to h-t cables, that allottees are unable to build their houses there.
representatives of around 70,000 flatbuyers along dwarka expressway who are affected by the delay have, meanwhile, met union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal seeking relief.
we welcome the news that hsvp has handed over land for phase 3 to nhai.
however, gmda is yet to remove hurdles for phase 4 yet, said prakhar sahay, joint secretary, dxp welfare association.
this story is from january 2, 2019transport minister ramkrishna dhavalikar75-seater solar-powered boat being built for goadownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: the goa government has signed an agreement with the national thermal power corportaion ltd ntpc ) for assistance in procuring 100 electric buses and setting up charging stations at all major bus stands across the state, transport minister ramkrishna dhavalikar said on tuesday.
we will eventually try to replace diesel buses with electric ones, including those run by kadamba transport corporation limited.
we will be appealing to the petroleum companies to make provision for charging stations at fuel stations.
the charging stations will be available to any vehicle for use, even private electric vehicles, as slowly all vehicles will be electric ones, said dhavalikar.
he said the drivers for these buses will also be initially provided through ntpc, while the conductors will be from goa.
earlier, the ktc had also tested biogas and ethanol buses, but they were found not to be feasible in goa as the raw material required to run them was not freely available in the state.
the possibility of acquiring e-buses was then considered, but their cost is high at nearly around rs 2.
6 crore each.
the ktc had then asked for assistance from the centre to acquire the buses.
though expensive, electric vehicles are believed to be low on maintenance besides being environment friendly.
union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari is promoting the shift to electric-vehicles, and chief minister manohar parrikar had also announced that the state wants to be one of the first in the country to shift to the environment-friendly electric vehicles.
on wednesday, dhavalikar also said that work in goa has begun to construct locally a 75-seater solar-powered boat for use in the state.
the tendering process is complete.
a porvorim-based person, one dandekar, has been awarded the tender for the construction.
he has experience in the work.
the boat will be ready this year.
he said three new ferry boats will also be constructed this year for use in the state.
this story is from january 12, 2019representative image.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: over 42 years after the government first proposed to build the renukaji dam in himachal pradesh to increase water flow in the yamuna , six northern states on friday signed the agreement on this ambitious project which would ensure more availability of water for delhi and other beneficiary states.
the multi-purpose project will be built on giri river in the upper yamuna basin.
we have left the past issues behind us and all states have signed the agreement to put the project on track.
there is enough water available in the country but the real issue is effective water management.
located about 250 km from the national capital, the project had hit a roadblock since an agreement was signed in 1994.
it envisages construction of 148-metre high rock-filled dam for the supply of 23 cusecs (525 million gallons per day) water to delhi and other basin states.
stored water of renukaji dam will be used by uttar pradesh, haryana and delhi from the hathnikund barrage, delhi from wazirabad barrage and up, haryana and rajasthan from okhla barrage.
this is the second dam project which the participating states have signed to increase water availability in the yamuna.
the agreement on building the lakhwar multi-purpose project in uttarakhand has been signed and on saturday the participating states will ink the agreement for kishau project on tons river in uttarakhand.
the minister said water availability in the yamuna will increase by 160 , once the projects are completed.
it will take at least six years to complete the works from the day construction starts.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal said lakhwar and renukaji dams will help the capital get 31 million cubic metre (mcm) daily.
the kishaw dam will help get another 50 mcm water.
the construction of the three dams were identified as national projects in 2008 for which 90  funding of the cost of irrigation and drinking water component will be provided by the centre as financial assistance and the rest will be borne by the beneficiary states.
this story is from november 26, 2018union ministers giriraj singh and nitingadkari gadkari along with mp dr vikas mahatme and others at the agrovision, r..
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the government is supporting innovations made in the hinterland by using traditional practices.
recently, a wall paint based on cow dung developed in bihar has been identified by the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes), said union minister giriraj singh on sunday.
such innovations can be projected as alternatives to conventional products and will be supported for further development.
even bamboo , whose cultivation is being encouraged in maharashtra , can get similar support, he said.
the minister was speaking at a session on bamboo cultivation held at agrovision, the annual farm expo patronized by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari singh said cow dung is traditionally applied on walls and floors of village homes.
if developed on lines of modern paints, it can find a larger market.
however, such innovations need to be brought into mainstream for which full support will be extended, the msme minister said.
singh called upon farmers to take up allied activities.
as farming alone cannot be enough, other activities like poultry farming, fisheries or bamboo cultivation can be taken up, he said.
this story is from december 16, 2018(l-r) prakhar, ricky and nitingadkari (bccl/ farhan ahmad siddiqui)download the times of india news app for latest citythe lapsaa ( lucknow army public school alumnae association ) hosted their first alumni dinner at surya sainik institute , recently.
the chief guestfor the occasion was brig as jamwal the primary objective of the association is to rejuvenate and strengthen the bond of friendship and camaraderie between the students, said mayank maheshwari , one of the organisers of the get-together.
the party was a well-attended event with students coming from indore and bangalore as well.
retired and serving teachers and two ex-principals maam raturi and indu mathur, also attended the party.
a cultural programme was conducted by ex-students shobhna and ujjwala sadana (l) b singh and jaishree misra (r) jaspreet bagga and gaurav prakash (bccl/ farhan ahmad siddiqui)the younger batches belted out happening songs to the accompaniment of a live band.
nagpur: a leisurely sunday laced with festive fervour of sankranti got a bit more heady as rahul deshpande presented a fine bouquet of semi-classical compositions at the ongoing khasdar sankrutik mahotsav.
over 3,000 people filled the sprawling ishwarchand deshmukh college grounds in raghuji nagar, to watch the vocalist carry forward the lineage of his grandfather vasantrao deshpande, who got his initial training in music in this very part of the city.
dressed in a ikat black and white kurta, black pyjamas and sporting gold rings in his ears, deshpande looked faraway on the huge stage specially set up for the festival.
though the set up lacked the intimacy of an auditorium, where applause and appreciation reaches the artist, yet deshpande got his share of recognition.
he was inundated with requests to present popular compositions of his, and those of his grandfather too.
he was more than eager to oblige as he promised that he will try his best to meet all the requests.
his renditions this evening included various genres of classical music as he presented a composition in raga durga and interspersed his performance with abhang, bhav geet and natya geet.
keeping in mind the crowd, which was not exclusively marathi speaking people, deshpande presented the nirguni bhajan of kabir kaun thugwa with immense emotion that brought out the beauty and meaning of the poetry.
he presented albela sajan ghar aayo on popular demand, but not before he had apologized to his gurus for presenting an early morning raga ahir bhairav in the evening.
deshpande with his rich voice honed with deep riyaaz did full justice to evergreen compositions of katyar kaljaat ghusli, of which he sang the famous chhand makrand and dil ki tapish.
his rendition of tukarams laxmi vallabh was like a plea and prayer, which it is meant to be.
he ended the evenings presentation with kanhada raja pandhari.
also present at the concert was founder chairman of hcl shiv nadar, who will be inaugurating a unit in mihan on monday.
reciprocating the warm welcome, nadar responded by appreciating the city with, we have honest, intelligent and hardworking people here, who will help us with the growth of this unit.
after the kamala mill fire tragedy civic chief ajoy mehta had shifted the ward officer and suspended four powerful bmc officials for dereliction of duty.
mehta later disclosed that a leading politician spoke to him rudely on telephone, saying, it was wrong to suspend a particular official and that his suspension should be revoked.
mehta is now under pressure to name the politician.
former chief minister ashok chavan said mehta should name the politician.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam too endorsed the demand.
it was initially believed that nirupam may have approached mehta to protect the suspended official.
now shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray has demanded that mehta must take all possible steps for razing illegal structures.
as mehta is conducting an inquiry into the kamala mill blaze, it may not seem appropriate for him to reveal the politicians name.
the suspended official appears to be more powerful than mehta.
former director general of police kaushal pathak has been jolted by the arrest of his son, yug, for culpable homicide following the death of 14 people in the fire that broke out in mojos bistro.
yug is one of the partners of mojos bistro.
in his career of over 34 years, pathak was never involved in any controversy.
when he was in nagpur, chief minister devendra fadnaviss hometown, there was criticism over the law and order situation.
he was shifted from nagpur after his tenure was over and given the plum post of pune police chief.
on the last day before he retired, pathak got the dgp-rank.
in corridors of power, it is believed that yug cannot escape his responsibility since he was fully aware of the illegal construction in his restaurant.
in the past, bmc served several notices for demolition, but yug managed corrupt bmc officials and action was deferred.
before the winter session, public works department minister chandrakant patil had declared that all state highways and key district roads will be pothole-free before december 15.
but ruling party and opposition mlas pointed out that the initiative had failed to take off due to laxity.
activists in sangli district later named the potholes after union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and patil.
the state minister will now have to fix responsibility for the failure.
mumbai: the shiv sena, bjps oldest and for at least 25 years its sturdiest ally, announced on tuesday that it would go solo for the 2019 lok sabha and maharashtra assembly elections.
while the senas newly constituted national executive passed a resolution to this effect, sena president uddhav thackeray urged indians to pull down the narendra modi government in the next polls.
this regime thrives only on hollow ad campaigns.
it needs to be brought down, uddhav said at a party conclave that saw his son aaditya (28) being elevated to the status of a neta in the sena.
though sena is not withdrawing from the modi government or the bjp-led state government as of now, its stand, and especially uddhavs call to defeat the modi regime, is certain to worsen sena-bjp ties, rocky since mid-2014, and raise doubts over the senas role in the bjp-led nda at the centre.
though the allies fought the 2014 ls polls unitedly, matoshree snapped ties with bjp for the october 2014 state elections, only to later join the devendra fadnavis-led government as bjps junior partner.
the tie-up came apart again for the 2017 mumbai civic polls where bjp fell just 2 seats short of the sena tally.
uddhav also spelt out the senas expansion plan with militant hindutva as its plank.
addressing party functionaries at the sardar vallabhbhai patel stadium in worli, he said, we will expand across the country.
hereafter we will contest every election in every state with hindutva as our mantra, he said.
uddhavs gameplan is to poach on the radical quotient in the bjp-rss ahead of the 2019 polls by flaunting aggressive hindutva and projecting bjp as a feeble party with little or no legitimate claim to hindutva, said sena watchers.
they pointed out that a section in the sangh parivar is unhappy with the modi regime for being soft on issues such as kashmir, ram janmabhoomi, article 370 and even triple talaq.
the sena also passed a resolution to win at least 25 ls seats (out of 48 in the state) and 150 assembly seats (out of 288) in 2019.
raising the kashmir issue, uddhav said the nation needed an aggressive leader like sardar patel.
in a dig at pm modi who routinely heaps praise on indias first home minister, he said, had the sardar been alive today, he would have resolved the kashmir issue and also the pakistan issue once and for all.
uddhav also criticized modi for taking israeli pm benjamin netanyahu to ahmedabad for a kite-flying session recently.
why ahmedabad?
the pm should have taken his israeli counterpart to srinagar to hoist the national flag there, he said.
accusing the modi government of issuing hollow threats to pakistan, uddhav said those in power have no empathy for indian soldiers killed along the border and in terror attacks.
its high time the pakistan problem is put to an end forever.
but our leaders have become mastawaal (power-drunk and reckless), he said.
he also slammed union minister nitingadkari gadkari for being critical of the navy and chided state bjp minister chandrakant patil for praising the kannada language in belgaum, an area at the centre of the maharashtra-karnataka border row.
patil should have spared a thought for marathis who have been living along the border, said uddhav, indicating that along with hindutva, the sena would also sharpen its marathi plank.
stating that the party in the past had declined to contest elections in other states, the sena president said, we then thought that if we contested on the hindutva agenda in other states, we may end up dividing hindutva votes.
.
.
however, now we will fight every election on hindutva.
there is nothing wrong if we talk of expanding our partys base minus bjp.
(late bjp leader) pramod mahajan would always talk of expanding bjp without senas partnership.
this happened when balasaheb was around, he added.
on the recent bhima-koregaon violence, uddhav urged the people of maharashtra to shun political organisations which thrive on communal and caste disharmony.
all those who spread communal-caste venom should be rejected, he said.
this story is from january 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: mahametro, that is building double-decker flyover on kamptee road, has proposed its landing between gaddigodam square and main gate of sfs church.
since road will need to be widened to accommodate the landing of flyover, the cathedral, five schools and some 50 shops at mohan nagar will lose some part of their land.
the landowners are demanding landing be shifted between mount road t-point and lic square.
only two or three properties will be affected if that is done.
a delegation of office bearers of sfs church, five schools and shopkeepers of the area on tuesday met city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari with the demand.
the mahametro has proposed double-decker (metro rail corridor and flyover) between sfs church gate and automotive square on kamptee road.
flyover will be on the first level and metro rail corridor on second.
landing of flyover requires widening of the road by four metres on both sides.
nmc general body approved acquisition of land last month and city survey department began survey for demarcating the land.
nagpur roman catholic diocesan corporation pvt ltd in its complaint said landing of flyover seemed unplanned and would create serious problems.
five schools will be affected.
it will also make it difficult for students to enter the school premises.
the existing plan will lead to accidents.
owners and tenants of shops situated on both sides of the road will lose their bread and butter, the institution said.
a resident of mohan nagar uday sature said mahametro and nmc were passing bucks on each other when pointed out flaws in the planning.
earlier, landing of flyover was proposed between mount road t-point and lic square.
why was it changed when only two or three properties were getting affected in earlier plan, he said.
sature added even mohan nagar road will also be affected in existing plan.
this will affect hundreds of people, he said.
sature said mohan nagar was facing land acquisition problem for the second time.
nagpur improvement trust (nit) had acquired our properties for widening kamptee road to 30 metres in 2002.
hundreds of people lost their business then, he said.
mahametro and nmc have enough time to revise the plan.
nmc does not have funds for land acquisition for this stretch.
nmc has proposed to ask for rs 31.
94 crore from the state government for the purpose.
it is similar situation with double decker flyover on wardha road and bhandara road.
the work of double decker on wardha road is fast progressing but land is yet to be acquired for landing of flyover on both side from hindustan colony square to paul commercial complex and sonegaon police station to hotel pride square.
land acquisition for double decker flyover on bhandara road will cost rs 91.
75 crore.
this story is from october 22, 2018the vessel touched the port on sunday afternoon at around 3pm.
download the times of india news app for latest cityvasco: the mumbai to goa domestic cruise arrived at mormugao port on sunday afternoon with 197 passengers.
this is a first for the 70 crew-vessel.
m v angriya was flagged off from mumbai on saturday by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari.
the vessel touched the port on sunday afternoon at around 3pm.
the goa state tourism development corporation made arrangements to welcome guests with traditional dekhni dance and a goan band.
the managing director of the vessel capt nitingadkari dhond said, we started from mumbai on saturday and the passengers were more than happy to enjoy the cruise which has been restarted after a long gap.
this will certainly boost tourism industry.
former panaji mla siddharth kuncalienkar who travelled with his family from mumbai said, people come to goa and their holiday starts.
but if they travel by this cruise their holiday will start from mumbai itself.
it has features like a dance floor, and swimming pool which will make the voyage all the more exciting.
mpt is expecting 50  increase in cruise business from mumbai to goa.
mpt deputy chairman guru prasad rai said, this is just the beginning.
more such services will start.
this story is from november 15, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the construction of the longest elevated highway in the district, which was expected to start by diwali, has once again been pushed back despite two ministers having separately laid the foundation stones for the project.
while union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone for the badshapur highway in august 2016, haryana public works department (pwd) minister rao narbir singh did the same in september this year.
the silver lining is that construction work for the project may begin in december.
however, even when the construction does begin, the project will not be ready for another two and a half years.
the 21.
66-km project was first announced in 2015.
in august 2016, the 95-km stretch on gurugram-alwar highway was given the national highway status, and the project is part of this highway.
nhai project director ashok sharma told toi that the project will be constructed in two phases.
in the first phase, a 8.
94-km road connecting rajiv chowk and badshapur via subhash chowk will be built at a budget of rs 702 crore.
in the second phase, a 12.
72-km road, including six flyovers, will be built between badshapur and sohna at a budget of rs 650 crore.
apart from this, six foot over-bridges, six bus queue shelters and a three-lane service road on both sides are also planned.
nhai will be collecting toll on this stretch and a toll plaza will be set up at ghamroj.
the entire project will cost around rs 1,385 crore, said sharma.
the road will take the burden off sohna road and rajiv chowk and will ease congestion on the stretch caused by traffic coming from 54 villages, including jharsa, badshahpur, sohna, islampur, tikri, fazilpur jharsa and bhondsi.
currently, it takes around 45 minutes to travel from rajiv chowk to sohna.
the proposed highway will reduce the travelling time to 15-20 minutes.
according to nhai officials, tenders for the project were issued in march this year.
verbal orders to begin construction have been issued, and written orders are expected within a fortnight, following which construction is expected to begin.
several dates had been given in the past to begin work on the project.
recently, pwd minister rao narbir singh had announced that work will begin on september 21.
later, nhai said it will start by diwali.
although the minister had announced in september that the project will be completed in 11 months, nhai officials said it will be completed by mid-2021 as the expected construction time is two and a half years.
meanwhile, many unauthorised properties on the stretch are yet to be acquired by nhai.
the land was handed over to nhai bypwd without clearing these encroachments.
the highway authority has already issued 69 notices and more notices will be issued in the coming days.
so far, 42 property owners have filed a representation.
nhai officials said they will dismiss all representations by the squatters and demolish all illegal structures.
seaplane +mumbai/new delhi: pm narendra modi might have flown vvip flights around the world in in his forty two month long tenure, but the thirty-minute flight that he took on monday to travel 180 km from the sabarmati river to dharoi dam in mehsana will go down in the annals of vvip flying for a number of firsts.
with it, modi became the first incumbent indian pm to be flown by foreign pilots onboard an americanregistered aircraft.
the use of the kodiak 100by pm raises a serious safety issue.
it is a single engine aircraft, which means that its chances of recovery are slim in event of an engine failure or say, a nasty bird hit.
sources said that the security concern was raised with pm but he overrode them.
sources in the security establishment said that spg which oversees pms security came around after considering it was a controlled flight and the seaplne was flying at a low altitude with a pilot who had more than 30 years of flying experience in the cockpit.
dgca air safety circular 2 of 1981 lays down the norms for carriage of vvips and the first rule, 1.
1 states that twin-engined aircraft with good operational capability, reliability and easy maintainability characteristics should be used.
when on official trips, pm travels by either iaf or ai plane.
the requirement that he takes a twin-engine plane holds even when pm is travelling for nonofficial reasons.
said an aircraft charter operator-,though pm modi was attending a function on behalf of his political party and hadnt boarded the seaplane on official tour as the pm of the country, the norm of using twin-engine aircraft stays.
he added that whenever political parties or private individuals book aircraft for the incumbent cms or pm, the norms laid down in the asc 2 of 1981 were considered sacrosanct and are followed.
its a safety issue.
the seaplane that the pm boarded lands without the help of ground-based navigation aids.
its plain, old, visual flying.
so ensuring the aircraft ferrying vvips are at least multi-engine is the most basic of the requirements, he said.
however, union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari defended pms decision, the pm can choose any mode of transportation.
it is a moment of pride for us that he chose it for trial run of a seaplane which has a huge potential.
if rahul gandhi wants, he can use it, .
an ai plane used by pm remains grounded for days for security and operational scans.
the aircraft, registered n181kq, flew on december 3 from al ain in uae to karachi, where it landed at 1.
26 pm, local time, according to information sourced from flightradar24, a swedish internet-based service that tracks aircraft around the world real-time.
the highly respected website/app collects its data from a network of 7,000 receivers that collect information on real-time position of each aircraft from the planes own highly accurate onboard transponders.
from karachi, the seaplane took off around 3.
20 pm, the same day and landed in mumbai at 7.
30 pm, local time.
from mumbai it flew to ahmedabad on monday.
on tuesday, the seaplane flew from ahmedabad airport to land in river and then did another sortie wherein it took off and landed both in the same river.
its third flight for the day took off around 10.
45 am and had the pm onboard.
the one-year old aircraft is registered in the us and information culled from federal aviation administration website, shows its registered owner as bank of utah trustee.
this story is from december 12, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the cash-strapped nmc has much to cheer as it has received gst grant arrears of rs100 crore.
cm devendra fadnavis has approved the arrears without any prior intimation to the civic body.
considering request of union minister nitingadkari gadkari and nmc standing committee chairman virendra kukreja, fadnavis had increased nmcs gst grant from rs52.
57 crore per month to rs86.
12 crore per month.
fadnavis has approved the hike with retrospective effect from september.
therefore, nmc has got the difference amount of three months (september, october and november) at the rate of rs33.
55 crore per month.
thanking fadnavis and gadkari, kukreja said payment of rs135 crore will be released to contractors and development projects within next three days.
dues of cement concrete road projects phase-i and ii, works of hudkeshwar-narsala, and civil works will be cleared.
also, funds of government projects and schemes will be returned, he said.
apart from arrears of rs100 crore, nmc will get gst grant of rs86.
12 crore for december in the coming days.
a couple of months ago, fadnavis had approved special grant of rs150 crore to nmc.
as per kukreja, special grants of rs175 crore are expected from the government soon.
nmc had been unable to clear the dues of civil contractors over last few months.
for over 15 days, the contractors had staged sit-in-agitation and also stopped works.
nmc had also not released payments of city bus operators.
all these problems are likely to be resolved to some extent with the funds flowing in.
this story is from november 21, 2018potholes on stretch that connects godhani to zingabai takli roaddownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: six months after union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari performed bhoomipuja of koradi-godhani-zingabai takli-faras road widening, the project has not moved an inch.
sources said it may take another couple of months for work to start.
some harried residents even claimed bhoomipuja was no more than a political attempt to woo voters ahead of next years general elections.
state pwd had sanctioned rs 35 crore for widening 6.
6 km road about two years ago and had also issued work order.
on may 14 this year, gadkari performed bhoomipuja of the project.
but mysteriously, work never began and motorists continue to use pothole ridden road.
following complaints from godhani residents , toi on monday visited this busy road and found in a really bad shape with crater-like potholes.
the road is too narrow for the increasing traffic on it.
officials from state pwd said funds have been sanctioned under central road fund (crf), which is sanctioned by gadkaris ministry.
former standing committee chairman sandip jadhav and chairperson of mangalwari zone sangeeta gire too had pursued this project.
some part of the road falls in nagpur west assembly constituency while the remaining is in hingna constituency.
k k sundaram, a resident of godhani, said residents thought the road-widening work would begin soon after bhoomipuja.
however, the condition of the road has only deteriorated since then causing not only frequent mishaps but also affecting health of motorists using the road, he said.
recently, the residents met hingna mla sameer meghe and submitted a memorandum demanding that work on widening the road be started immediately.
however, not only authorities but also elected representatives are ignoring it, alleged sheikh gulab, another resident.
lawyer amit patil, who too uses this road daily, said the authorities should at least do patchwork at a few places like in front of godhani bus stop, the patch between railway level crossing and bokhara t-point etc.
to please the vips, pwd has selectively undertaken repair of some roads on a war-footing.
already good roads in areas like civil lines, vip road and a few patches in west nagpur are being repaired to serve vips but taxpayers continued to be ignored, a miffed ramesh kumar choudhary, another godhani resident, pointed out.
though pwds chief engineer ulhas debadwar was not available for comment, corporator from the area and nit trustee bhushan shingne said the work was delayed due to delay in shifting of electric poles and water pipelines.
this story is from february 6, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ramtek: making no qualms about the governments association with rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao, on tuesday, said he was proud to be part of sanghstan and there were lots of misconceptions about the saffron organization.
the new term, publicly used by rao to denote the nagpur-based rss, took even dignitaries, who also started as pracharaks, by surprise as it was used perhaps for the time.
the statement came before the governor started his written address during the inauguration of ms golwalkar gurukul at the kavikulguru kalidas sanskrit university (kksu).
union minister nitingadkari gadkari, rss general secretary bhaiyaji joshi, guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule, local mla malikarjun reddy and kksu vice chancellor shriniwas varakhedi were present.
chief minister devendra fadnavis and education minister vinod tawde skipped the event.
referring to the leaders on dais, rao said, we have come from sanghstan and we are proud to be associated with it.
he used the word several times in his 30-minute speech.
he also heaped praises on the second sarsanghchalak guruji, who is known for his extremists views on hindutva.
vc varakhedi said he has never heard of the sanghstan but it possibly means meeting place of sangh.
talking about the importance of sanskrit literature, rao claimed that it was 12th century seer bhaskaracharya who discovered the time taken by sun to orbit earth.
during my visits to institutions of science and technology, i often cite example of bhaskaracharya.
he was the first in the world to calculate accurately the time taken for the earth to orbit the sun, as 365.
2588 days.
i often think, how he must have calculated the time so precisely.
it amazes me how he wrote lilawati bijaganita, the treatise on mathematics in the vedic tradition named after his daughter.
the sushruta samhita is considered to be one of the most comprehensive textbooks on ancient surgery.
charaka authored the charaka samhita on the ancient science of ayurveda, he said.
after reading out his speech, ch vidyasagar rao said there are several misunderstandings about the rss which need to be removed from the minds of people.
he narrated anecdote from mumbai when a group of malayalis approached him to grace a function in memory of sree narayana guru.
i told them that such functions are to pay tributes to narayana guru are held across the world.
it is a misconception that people dont know him.
people dont know the facts about rss, he said.
contrary to what the opponents of the sangh say, the rss is one of the most secular and inclusive organizations, rao said while recalling bjp veteran lk advanis meeting with golwalkars chronicled in the formers book my country my life.
the rss has always respected the right of individuals to practice their own faith and religion, he said.
he asked vc varakhedi to ensure that a research is done on bhaskarachrayas work so that no foreigner walks away with the credit.
referring to gadkari as son-in-law of ramtek, rao urged him to work for development of sanskrit in the region to preserve the indian culture.
guv speaksby creating a gurukulam in memory of parampujya golwalkar guruji, who was born in ramtek, we have, although belatedly, expressed our sense of collective gratitude to parampujya guruji, who was truly a yug drashta.
today, the sapling planted by dr k.b. hedgewar in the form of rss has grown into a large banyan tree having its branches all over the world.
the toughest challenge to the sangh came soon after the assassination of mahatma gandhi.
the sangh was banned by the government on 4th february 1948.
golwalkar guruji played a critical role and gave the call for nationwide satyagraha from the prison.
he challenged the government to prove the charges against the rss or lift the ban.
the rss has always respected the right of individuals to practice their own faith and religion.
this story is from december 24, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday accused the opposition and a section of the media of twisting his statements, a day after he was reported as saying that the leadership should own up to defeat.
in the last few days, i have noticed a sinister campaign by some opposition parties and a section of the media to twist my statements and use them out of context and draw politically motivated inferences to malign me and my party, he tweeted.
loyalty of the leadership towards the organisation will not be proved till the time it owns up responsibility for defeat.
.
.
.
.
in politics, when there is a failure, a committee is formed but in case of success, nobody comes and asks you.
the cryptic remarks were immediately linked to bjp's recent loss in three assembly elections.
saying that his view had no political reference, gadkari tweeted, let me make it clear once and for all that conspiracies to create a wedge between me and the bjp leadership will never succeed.
.
.
.
.
this story is from december 20, 2018artistes perform at the concluding event of khasdar mahotsavdownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the second edition of khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav concluded on an impressive note with unique programmes like folk songs, classical music and dance winning the heart of thousands of spectators at ishwar deshmukh college of physical education, hanuman nagar, on tuesday.
titled naad anahad, sanskar bharati nagpur mahanagar presented a melange of various forms of music and dance that had the audience in thrall.
conceptualized by ashutosh advani and kanchan gadkari, the artistes presented songs based on onkar  a sacred and spiritual incantation and panch mahabhoota  a group of five basic elements that is the foundation of all cosmic creation.
singers aniruddha joshi, sadhana shiledar, amar kulkarni, gunwant ghatwai, akanksha nagarkar, shruti choudhari and milind ekbote presented classical raags based on panch mahabhoota that were heard in rapt attention.
the accompanying artistes were govind gadhikar (keyboard), aravind shivlikar (sitar), shirish bhalerao (violin), aditya gupte (flautist), saleel mule (guitarist), moreshwar dashashahastra and ram khadse (tabla), and vikram joshi and gajanan ranade (minor).
gajanan ranade scored music.
flamboyant dance performances were choreographed by kishor hampiholi and sachin dongre.
smita khangai hosted the show.
earlier, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari felicitated distinguished social workers and doctors like pandit umesh sharma, dr lokendra singh, dr madan kapre, dr bhalchandra subhedar, ram khadse, chandrakant thakar, govindshastri arvikar, jafar kahim, arafat sheikh, gopal thosar, vinayak tumdam, dr ghanshyam mundhda, dr govind upadhyaya, dk pohane, kishan sharma, santosh yadav, dr viren chandak and dr pk deshpande.
this story is from november 20, 2018western expresswaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: amid speculation of how many vehicles would go off the delhi roads with the entire 270-km ring expressway becoming operational, government officials said on monday that both the centre and state governments in ncr need to push the proposal of building logistics hubs along the corridor to reduce entry of trucks and other goods carrying vehicles to the national capital.
earlier, highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had mooted the proposal of hub and spoke model to deal with the heavy flow of trucks to delhi.
under this model, big trucks transporting goods and containers transport the materials from factories to warehouses located along the major highways.
small vehicles, subsequently, transport the goods to the main city for consumption purpose.
the ncr transport plan for 2032 had estimated that the truck traffic on delhi roads would fall by about 23  once the expressways become operational.
it also estimated that 46  of daily modal trips on delhi's roads was on account of cars.
on the need for setting up of logistics hubs and a good last-mile transport link to delhi, an official said, this reduces congestion and the smaller goods vehicles can ply on cng, electricity or any other cleaner fuel, which results in less vehicular pollution.
large numbers of trucks will keep entering delhi to unload their goods at wholesale markets and mandis.
delhi's own requirement is huge considering its 1.
3 crore population and traders from uttar pradesh and haryana come here for buying items in high quantity.
so, expecting that trucks traffic will be very less due to the opening of the expressways would be unrealistic.
so, while developing logistics hubs would help address the truck traffic, you need to find solution to the congestion caused due to growing number of cars.
it's high time delhi government and centre iron out their differences to start work on the rapid rail transit system (rrts) on the first three corridors, a former official of the ncr planning board said.
the three priority rrts corridors are delhi-meerut, delhi-alwar and delhi-panipat.
in the absence of any reliable transport system, most of the people coming for work from the neighbouring areas of delhi are left with no option than taking out their cars.
the approval for the first corridor of delhi-meerut rrts has been caught in controversies with delhi government opposing the plan to build an underground station at sarai kale khan .
centre has accused arvind kejriwal government of raising objection only to delay the important project.
slow pace: file pic of ring road projectdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur: as lok sabha elections are drawing closer, the delay in the completion of ongoing projects has started bothering the bjp which lost its turf in assembly election.
former chief minister vasundhra raje in her tweet on saturday accused congress government for putting spoke in the ongoing projects.
raje tweeted that the congress is spreading animosity in politics by closing the construction of roads works which was sanctioned by our government on the demand of public.
moreover, the pace of ring road project and dravyavati river is also reduced.
sources at jaipur development authority (jda) on saturday, a meeting was scheduled at chief minister's office (cmo) to review the ring road and dravyavati river project.
however, it was cancelled at the eleventh hour, he said.
earlier on the centre's direction, the national highway authority of india (nhai) was making efforts to complete the ring road project before the implementation of model code of conduct so that the union road and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari could inaugurate the project before lok sabha elections.
the nhai has constructed nearly 80  of the 60-metre transport corridor on the entire stretch.
sources in the jaipur development authority (jda) said, before the deadline, government intended to complete the project in two phases.
in phase i, directions were given to construct a 28-km road between tonk road and ajmer road.
the deadline to complete the entire project is april, 2019.
however, after march, the code of conduct is expected to come into force again for lok sabha elections.
this phase was proposed be completed before february, so that union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari can inaugurate the project.
said a senior engineer at jda.
though, the work of transport and development corridor is going on at full swing, no progress can be seen in construction of clover leaves and flyover, as jda has not provided land to nhai .
the jda on june 19, signed a supplementary memorandum of understanding (mou) with nhai, after it agreed to provide rs200 crore in advance to acquire 26 hectares of land.
the funds were transferred in jda's account to acquire land for the construction of clover-leaf and flyovers under the 47-km ring road project.
as per the contract condition, the jda had to acquire land within one month and provide it to nhai.
however, the civic body failed to adhere to the condition.
sources further claimed, dravyawati river project too is working at a snail's pace and no work in outer areas has been completely stopped.
pune: guardian minister girish bapat on saturday directed pune municipal corporation (pmc) to hand over the land required for chandani chowk flyover project to national highways authority of india (nhai) for the actual work to begin.
bapat held a meeting to review the progress of the project in presence of officials from nhai, pmc and district administration.
he said pmc should hand over the required land to nhai, following which the authorities should start the work for construction of the flyover.
over 14 hectare is required for the project.
the estimated cost of acquired land is around rs 300 crore.
the works for expansion of existing roads, construction of service lanes and flyover are proposed at chandani chowk to deal with frequent traffic congestion .
in august 2017, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone of the project.
bapat said the project should get over within the set deadline to avoid cost escalation.
the civic administration has started conducting meetings of the project-affected residents.
all possible efforts are underway to expedite the work, a civic official said.
besides the chandani chowk flyover project, bapat also reviewed the works on kartaj-dehu road bypass where he discussed possible solutions to the regular snarls at navle hospital flyover and at vadgaon phata.
the minister reviewed the ongoing works on the palkhi route and asked to ensure provision of toilets along the road.
cm to hold meeting for shivsrushti projectbapat said a meeting will be held with chief minister devendra fadnavis to finalize the location for the proposed shivshrushti project in kothrud.
he asked the civic body to prepare a report on the project and bdp land and submit it to the state government for further consideration.
this story is from december 4, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: in a major relief to morning walkers and motorists, mihan india limited (mil), the authority operating and maintaining the airport, has started to widen and asphalt old airport road .
the road is likely to reopen for traffic in the next 10 days.
abandoned for traffic for decades, old airport road connecting sahakar nagar nullah with airport was opened in june.
the number of vehicles on the road has increased to a great extent in the last six months.
the road between sahakar nagar nullah and nagpur flying club was narrow with around 5.
50m width.
there were a lot of problems with vehicles coming from both sides.
convoys of all vvips, including chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari, also passes through the road thereby aggravating the problem.
a large number of walkers use the stretch in the morning as well as evening hours.
they too were facing similar problems.
the stretch between nagpur flying club and airport terminal was in a bad condition.
the stretch has potholes and bad surface layer due to which mil has started asphalting the stretch.
with widening and asphalting works, problems are likely to minimise on the road to a great extent.
mil is likely to get reimbursement of money spent on the works from maharashtra airport development corporation as the latter is the authority of old airport road.
earlier, mahametro had asphalted the stretch between sahakar nagar nullah and nagpur flying club for reopening the road for traffic, especially for vvip movement.
mahametro came into the picture due to blocks and congestion on wardha road caused due to metro rail and flyover works.
old airport road was reopened as an alternative to wardha road and also as shortcut for air passengers as well as vvips.
even as vehicular entry has been restricted for the works, walkers have been permitted to use it in the morning and evening.
this story is from february 15, 2019the cm, who cleared files at the protest venue on thursday, said the stir would continue till a lasting solut.
.
.
read morewe will not relent until a lasting solution is found: narayanasamydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
puducherry: high drama prevailed in puducherry for the second day on thursday after cm v narayanasamy, his cabinet colleagues, and the congress and the dmk mlas spent wednesday night on the road opposite raj nivas, protesting lieutenant-governor kiran bedi's interference in the functioning of the elected government in the union territory.
unperturbed by the political developments, bedi left for chennai to participate in a private function.
a raj nivas source said the lieutenant-governor would be going to new delhi from chennai to attend a series of public and private functions.
she is expected to return to the ut on february 20.
meanwhile, on thursday four companies of the rapid action force from tirunelveli and avadi in tamil nadu and nagari in andhra pradesh reached puducherry to assist the local police.
cm narayanasamy, on thursday morning, went for his routine morning walk and resumed the agitation after visiting his chamber in the legislative assembly premises.
narayanasamy told reporters that bedi left raj nivas as she was afraid of facing the agitation.
the demands we raised are not something new to her.
the lieutenant governor continues to be a stumbling block in implementing our schemes and policies.
we are not interested in discussions.
we need the lieutenant governor to take immediate decisions.
all our demands are welfare measures such as free rice and pongal gifts for all ration cardholders, grant-in-aid for societies, corporations and government-aided schools to provide salaries and pension to the staff and retirees.
we decided to auction a cooperative sugar mill to settle the dues of the farmers, said narayanasamy.
later in the day, he held discussions with the leaders of alliance partners.
briefing reporters again, he said the meeting resolved to continue the agitation and to take a final call on the future course of action on friday morning.
meanwhile, bedi wrote to letter to union minister for road transport and highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari urging him to intervene and stop chief minister v narayanasamy from playing politics on road safety.
narayanasamy has been stalling the enforcement of compulsory helmet rule in the union territory, where a motorist dies due to head injury in road accidents every third day, she pointed out while stressing the importance of wearing helmets.
bedi said chief ministers obstructive public statements left people confused besides bringing down the commitment of the lawenforcing authorities.
this is also placing the police officers in a dilemma as to whether to enforce the rule of law or to soft-pedal as per the direction of the chief minister.
his stated alibi for the last two years is that people need to be educated before enforcement, she said.
she urged gadkari to issue a clear direction to narayanasamy that his double speak will not be in the interest of road safety and rule of the law.
earlier, the cm had submitted a letter to bedi on february 7 urging her to fulfil the 39-charter demand of the elected government.
bedi, in a letter to the cm on wednesday night, invited him to the raj nivas for a detailed discussion at 10am on february21.
she regretted that the chief minister, instead of waiting for her response to his letter, came to the raj nivas demanding a reply in an unlawful manner.
this method is unheard of from a person of your position, she said.
however, narayanasamy declined bedis invitation.
replying to her letter, the cm said he and his cabinet colleagues would not relent until a lasting solution is found to the issues he raised in his february 7 letter.
we will not be cowed down by any kind of autocratic threats, he said.
several leaders including dmk president m k stalin, mdmk founder leader vaiko, former kerala chief minister oommen chandy, cpi national secretary d raja, cpi general secretary sudhakar reddy, cpm leader t k rangarajan and congress leaders mukul wasnik and sanjay dutt contacted narayanasamy over phone and expressed solidarity with his protest.
stalin, in a tweet, slammed bedi for causing an extraordinary political situation in puducherry and accused the bjp government of turning governors into their party secretaries.
this raises the question whether the post of governor is needed, he said.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the nagpur universitys (nu) postgraduate hindi department, which would be hosting union minister nitingadkari gadkari and other bjp-rss members on march 2, is not charging any money from the participants during its scientific conference to be held at the costly guru nanak bhavan.
surprisingly, the event is being funded by saffron outfit vidyapeeth shikshan manch without vice-chancellor sp kane passing the proposal in the management council.
as per norms, any proposal to hold an event on the university premises/facility funded by an outsider has to be approved by the management council.
no such agenda was put up before the council in all its recent meetings.
officials say the venue for the conference on redefining environmental governance for smart city too has been provided free of cost to manch.
kane and acting registrar neeraj khaty didnt respnd to tois calls, smses and mail.
hindi department head pramod sharma told toi that vidyapeeth shikshan manch was sponsoring the event.
asked if an outside body could fund nu events, sharma said he had raised the concern but was told by officials that the university has been doing similar ventures like orange city film festival.
nu officials said the festival was not held on university premises or hall.
the event is under fire from several quarters and students backed by nationalist youth congress (nyc) who accused kane of helping gadkari in his poll campaign at the cost of public money.
as per the brochure gone viral, people from all fields of study are being encouraged to register free of charge.
ironically, the students and part-time faculty members of urdu department were recently slammed after they were asked them cough up rs 500-rs1,500 for annual gathering.
both the departments are located within the bhasa bhavan and headed by sharma.
hindi students too said they had to pay rs800 while teachers paid rs1,500 for another international conference held by the department on february 14.
contrary to this, nu department of geology and college of law had shifted their events in the last fortnight to vanamati on vip road because of exorbitant charges levied for guru nanak bhavan having a capacity of 500 guests.
sharma, who holds the charge of urdu department, denied that any fee was charged from students during the urdu departments function.
he also said that only teachers were asked to pay registration fee during the hindi departments international conference.
nagpur: sharda bhoyar, neena sahu, sheshrao raut, ghanshyam padmagirwar, dilip patil and diwakar bhoyar dazzled in the hcl zero mile marathon 21.
1-km race in their respective categories.
the annual race was organised with an objective to promote health and fitness and also the noble cause of run to educate girl child here on sunday.
the event received an overwhelming response from the participants as more than 2,000 citizens braved the morning cold weather to compete.
vaibhav andhare, the first nagpurian to complete comrades race in durban, south africa, for two years in succession, was the brand ambassador.
national sports icon amit samarth, the first one to finish raam 2017 solo in first attempt and a finisher at the worlds toughest cycling race trans-siberian extreme 2018 from asia, supported the marathon.
in the 21.
1-km (40-49 age group women) sharda bhoyar reigned supreme with a timing of 1 hour and 51 minutes and 22 seconds.
in the 50-59 age group women, neena sahu triumphed with 2:46:52.
sheshrao raut clocked 1:10:41, while ghanshyam padmagirwar finished his respective race in 1:34:21.
prizes worth rs 2.
30 lakh for the winners were distributed.
besides, all the finishers received medals, e-certificate and refreshments.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari was the chief guest and distributed the prizes.
ramek mp krupal tumane and sanjay gupta, executive vice president, hcl technologies and programme director, were the guests of honour.
organizer nishikant kashikar worked hard for the success of the meet.
21.
1 km40-49 age group women: sharda bhoyar (1:51:22)50-59 age group women: neena sahu (2:46:52)16-44 age group men: sheshrao raut (1:10:41)45-54 age group men: ghanshyam padmagirwar (1:34:21)55-64 age group men: dilip patil (1:48:42)65-99 age group men: diwakar bhoyar (2:00:34)10.
this story is from december 8, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: barges sailing up national waterway 1, between haldia and varanasi, will soon be using a clean-burning fuel instead of diesel.
inland waterways authority of india ( iwai ) has asked cochin shipyard to retrofit the engines of three of its workboats so they can burn methanol instead.
the shipyard will get the work done by hooghly dock and port engineers ltd (hdpel) in howrah, with which it has formed a joint venture.
work on the boats will start in january.
shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari wants a greener and cheaper fuel for inland water transport.
methanol comes for rs 26/litre compared to rs 67/litre for diesel.
we have also placed orders with cochin shipyard for six new boats that can run on methanol.
plans have also been made for bunkering of methanol along national waterway 1 as the boats will have to be refueled.
the retrofitting of an existing boat should take about rs 2 crore-rs 3 crore, said pravir pandey, officiating chairman, iwai and project director, jal marg vikas.
pandey was chief guest at the bengal chambers annual shipping conclave in kolkata on friday.
according to pandey, there has been a steady rise in the amount of cargo moved along waterways in the last four-and-a-half years.
while moving more cargo by river will reduce pollution and congestion on roads, once barges start burning methanol, there will be little emission along the river as well.
kolkata: the bjp yuva morcha motorbike rally, pratirodh sankalpa abhiyan , to coincide with swami vivekanandas birth anniversary starts with a calcutta high court nod on monday after it was called off amid streetfights two days back.
bengal bjp president dilip ghosh will flag off the rally at swami vivekanandas ancestral home on bidhan sarani.
it will head towards nadias krishnagar for an overnight rest before resuming its journey towards cooch behar.
the rally will be on schedule.
we have the hcs order.
should police  or trinamool congress leaders  try to stop it, we will knock on the high courts doors again.
trinamool ministers and mlas took to the streets to stop us on friday.
today, they cancelled bookings at the three guesthouses in krishnagar where the rallyists were to stay.
we had to arrange makeshift accommodation, said ghosh.
he and bjp leader mukul roy will flag off the rally at 10am.
police sources said the rally would take the following route in kolkata: hatibagan crossing-aurobindo sarani-khanna crossing-gouribari-muchibazar-ultadanga main road-bidhannagar railway crossing-hudco crossing-durgapur bridge.
sources said they are expected to take the vip road and jessore road route from there on the way to krishnagar.
police said the rally would trigger traffic disruptions when the rallyists pass through the earmarked routes.
fridays streetfights had attracted the hcs notice after its special officer, rabi shankar datta, submitted that his car was vandalised and he suffered minor injuries near mohammad ali park that morning.
the hc had appointed datta to oversee the rally after giving its nod.
it then directed the bjp youth wing to suspend its programme for two days and resume it on january 15.
it also directed the judicial magistrate and its special officer to jointly supervise the rally from january 15.
fridays clashes had turned parts of pathuriaghata and central avenue into a war zone and cast a shadow on the already fraught relations between the bjp-led centre and the trinamool-led state, prompting the state bjp to demand presidents rule in bengal and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to cancel his visit to bengal global business summit (bgbs), the state governments annual showpiece event, which starts on tuesday.
rahul gandhis admirers like him for his aggression.
though he has often pushed his pugilistic style a bit too far for the comfort of even some among congresss old guard, the pugnaciousness plays well with rg diehards.
on friday, however, the congress chief looked far from his combative self when piyush goyal started announcing crowd-pleasing measures, beginning with a radical scheme of direct income support for about 10 crore farmers.
rahul seemed dispirited and had slumped in his seat by the time goyal declared people earning up to rs 5 lakh (rs 6.
5 lakh if one has invested in savings instruments) wouldnt need to pay tax.
congress and the opposition did protest.
but that they were reduced to complaining about deviation from convention, which binds governments to restricted budgets in the fifth year, bland declaration of intent and a small rise in fiscal deficit, was a tribute to the meticulous rigour with which pm modi has sought to cover all his bases before hitting the campaign trail.
true, increasing the income of 86  of farmers by rs 6,000 a year cannot be expected to make a dent in the structural crisis that has ravaged the agriculture sector.
but it has the potential of being seen as a gesture of solidarity by the pm, and enhance his image as someone who means well; an asset that is still intact even among those who may not be satisfied with his actual performance.
the plan to ensure the kisan gets the first instalment of rs 2,000 shortly brings out the urgency of the need to salve his grudges before he approaches the evm.
the hope must be that cash in hand will mean more than rahuls minimum income promise.
tax benefits for the middle class are an outreach to the core constituency, sections of which had often seemed to be smarting under the feeling for having been taken for granted.
and the provision for monthly pension in the unorganised sector can help modi stay connected with a constituency which stood by him during demonetisation in the hope that solidarity with him would not go unrecognised.
the government wants to start its implementation in right earnest and forms are going to be made available by mid-february itself.
this ties in with calculations in the saffron camp that the sheer number of direct beneficiaries of schemes which bear modis stamp should counter the perception of under-delivery.
while being inclusive in terms of its economics, the budget , presented amid invocations of nationalist battle cries of how is the josh from the film uri, made a big concession to the saffron concern for cow protection by launching rashtriya kamdhenu aayog, which turns what was seen as a fringe obsession into a mainstream priority.
the applause piyush goyals budget speech received was an exercise in power projection and an effort to showcase modi as the clear favourite for 2019.
the response from mps, a notoriously listless lot, must have satisfied amit shah .
the only exception was highways minister nitingadkari gadkari who, contrary to his usual exuberant self, looked placid, even indifferent.
this story is from december 16, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: mahametro has asked the consultant appointed for preparing the detailed project report (dpr) of international level amusement park on krazy castle land to put the process on hold.
it was also planning to hold an international contest for designing the park.
this too has been postponed.
metro officials said that they were not sure when they would get possession of the land.
it seems that nagpur improvement trusts (nit) concessionaire haldiram foods is delaying the transfer process.
nit has taken a stand that it wont hand over krazy castle land until haldiram is compensated.
the firm has sought rs162 crore compensation from the civic agency for surrendering the land before end of the lease period.
union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had appointed a committee under divisional commissioner to fix the compensation.
the new divisional commissioner sanjay kumar had asked haldiram to submit cash flow statements of past years so that its notional loss in the remaining years could be determined.
however, in spite of passage of three months haldiram has not submitted the documents.
when contacted, haldiram foods director kamal agrawal refused to comment on the issue.
mahametro had sought only a part of krazy castle land for building its viaduct.
however, haldiram told nit that if this land was taken away the park would lose its charm and it would incur huge revenue loss.
mahametro then offered to take the entire land.
gadkari in a meeting held in late february backed metros stand.
according to activist sandeep agrawal, haldirams compensation claim of rs162 crore is highly inflated.
he had submitted a detailed statement to the divisional commissioner countering the claims of haldiram point by point.
for example, he pointed out that the company had claimed appreciated value of its assets instead of depreciated one, which is the usual practice.
it has claimed that it would have to pay 15 years salary to its employees on termination of their services.
the usual practice is to pay three months salary.
this story is from october 25, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: mgp president deepak dhavalikar wants additional solicitor general of india atmaram nadkarni to give up his delhi post and take up mhadei issue.
chief minister manohar parrikar gave up defence ministry for the love of goa.
nadkarni should also sacrifice his delhi posting for goa and appear in mhadei matter for free.
people of goa will fondly remember him for this sacrifice, the mgp president said.
nitin gadkari, minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, recently wrote to chief minister manohar parrikar stating that the central government is a neutral party to the river water dispute among the party states, and therefore, it would be inappropriate for the central government to permit nadkarni to represent a particular state for inter-state river disputes.
the union ministers observation has come in response to the communication from the goa government in august, seeking permission for nadkarni to represent the goa government before the tribunal in the mhadei water dispute matters.
south goa mp narendra sawaikar has now written to the ministry to reconsider its observation/decision and support the cause of goa.
since nadkarni is well versed with and has knowledge of the entire dispute, there was a demand and suggestion from all sections in goa that nadkarni should defend the interest of goa before the tribunal, sawaikar said in his letter.
sawaikar further stated that nadkarni has successfully defended the state's interest before the tribunal.
it is in the interest of goa that he is permitted and continues to appear for goa, before all the forums as and when required.
this story is from december 30, 2018dyfi workers donning masks of pm modi, union minister nitingadkari gadkari and mp nalin kumar kateel.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mangaluru: a group of dyfi workers from ullal unit donning masks of prime minister narendra modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday performed the mock inauguration of the thokkottu flyover.
the national highway authority of india (nhai) and the concessionaire had assured that the flyover would be ready by december 30.
with the project having already missed several deadlines in the past, the dyfi's ullal unit sought to remind mp nalin kumar kateel about one more deadline for the project having ended on sunday.
santhosh bajal, district secretary of dyfi said even 50  of the work on the thokkottu flyover is not complete and is unlikely to be completed soon.
the modi government that came to power in 2014 promising achche din to citizens has still not been able to provide a achchi sadak (good road) to people of this city, santhosh said.
the incomplete and lingering work on the two flyovers in the city is a prime example of the apathy, he said, adding the mock inauguration was only to highlight failure on part of the mp and the authorities concerned to ensure that deadlines are met.
daring nalin kumar to ensure that he keeps his words rather than mislead people with lies on project completion deadline, cpi(m) zonal secretary krishnappa salian said it is time that the nhai and the concessionaire  navagyug udupi tollway pvt ltd complete the work.
congress spokesperson farooq ullal, president of gadinadu rakshana vedike siddique ullal and other locals took part in the mock protest to register their angst at the delay.
this story is from october 21, 2018new delhi: in a bid to actualise the dream of a nirmal and aviral ganga , union minister nitingadkari gadkari said sunday the government is looking to complete about 200 projects for ghats and crematoria by march 2019.
also, the centre is taking various measures to ensure ecological flow or the minimum quantity of water at different stretches of the ganga, he said.
a total of 227 projects have been taken up for the ganga for sewage infrastructure, ghats and crematoria, river-front development, river-surface cleaning and bio-diversity conservation, among others, at a cost of rs 22,374 crore, gadkari, who holds ganga rejuvenation and water resources portfolio among others, told pti in an interview.
he further said that making the ganga nirmal (cleaner) and aviral (free-flowing) is his dream and his ministries were taking a slew of steps in this direction.
earlier this month, the government had mandated the minimum ecological flow in the river ganga and its tributaries required to be maintained at different points in different areas round the year with the aim of ensuring water quality and environmentally sustainable rejuvenation.
the directive also requires hydropower projects along the river to modify their operations in order to comply with the notification.
the government plans to complete 151 ghats and 54 crematoria projects by march 2019, gadkari, who is also in-charge of road transport and highways ministry, said.
besides monitoring water quality at 138 locations, each at the interval of 20 km, projects have been taken up for 24x7 cleaning of ghats at varanasi, bithoor, kanpur, allahabad, mathura, vrindavan and haridwar to avoid solid waste disposals in the river, he said.
in addition, under the bio-diversity conservation plans, several projects are being implemented for conservation and restoration of indigenous and aquatic species of the ganga like gangetic dolphin, river otters, turtles and aquatic birds, the minister added.
the gazette notification on october 10 with regard to ecological flow of the ganga water specifies flow requirements at various stretches including from origins in the glaciers to haridwar besides the main stretch from haridwar in uttarakhand to unnao, uttar pradesh.
he said the directive on ecological flow for the river would result in an unhindered and continuous flow of the river water as it will ensure at least the minimum required environmental flow of water even after its stream gets diverted by projects.
the minister said the notification also provides for direct release of additional water in the river ganga to meet special demand as and when required.
the concerned central and state authorities shall implement demand side management plans to reduce water withdrawal from the river ganga by adopting good and scientific practices such as efficient method of irrigation, reuse and recycle of water including monitoring and regulation of ground water withdrawals for various purposes, the notification mentioned.
there are about 1,100 industries and 4,500 villages along the ganga.
the minister last month said that cleaning works would start getting remarkably noticeable in another six months, and had claimed transforming the river that was the distinct cultural identify of the nation was close to his heart.
enunciating the work for sewage infrastructure, the minister had said: massive initiatives have resulted in rich dividends and we have successfully created capacity to treat 1,700 mld sewage.
the cities located by the side of the river produce 2,950 mld sewage and if steps to purify the water were not taken this in another 15 years will reach 3,600 mld.
he said there were 97 cities, which were polluting the river with 10 including haridwar, kanpur, allhabad, varanasi, patna, bhagalpur and kolkata contriubting 65 per cent of the pollution in the river.
the government had in may 2015 approved rs 20,000 crore under its ambitious ' namami gange ' - integrated ganga integrated ganga conservation mission - programme for five years.
the minister said massive preparations were also on for commencement of cargo operations in ganga.
this story is from january 21, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: after uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath claiming that hindu god hanuman was a dalit, union home minister rajnath singh on sunday said that valmiki, who wrote the epic ramayan, and veda vyasa, who wrote the mahabharat, belonged to this community.
addressing the vijay sankalp sabha of bjp scheduled caste cell at kasturchand park here, singh said, dalits have contributed to indian culture and society right from the beginning.
the epic poets of sanskrit, maharishi valmiki and maharishi veda vyasa were dalits.
dr babasaheb ambedkar then drafted the constitution of india.
in between, there were several dalit saints.
we have respected all of them.
rajnath further said that dalits were talented.
it is evident from the fact the first law minister of pakistan jogendranath mandal was one.
the minister said that only four persons believed in bring all castes and classes of india together.
they were mahatma gandhi, dr ambedkar, ram manohar lohia and deen dayal upadhyay, he added.
bjp believes that all castes are equal and no work is undignified.
normally, it is the sanitation workers who sweep the streets.
however, during prime minister narendra modis swachh bharat abhiyan, modi himself and all bjp chief ministers had a broom in their hands.
we wanted to send a message that sanitation workers job was also dignified, said singh.
union home minister rajnath singh alleged that some forces were creating a divide between dalits and other castes and urged bjp workers to counter them.
he further said that rss frontal seva bharti had done the maximum work for upliftment of dalits and tribals.
we sanctioned rs4,500 crore buddhist circuit project so that buddhist pilgrims can reach sarnath, lumbini, etc fast, he added.
realizing that they cant win the elections, congress and some other political parties are playing politics of fear.
they are telling muslims that bjp will force you to go for pakistan.
vinod sonkar, president of bjp sc cell, also expressed similar views.
congress, which always insulted dr ambedkar is now telling people that bjp is against them.
we will have to counter this false propaganda, he said.
this story is from december 27, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the national capital has got 11 projects for cleaning of the yamuna which, once completed , will not allow untreated sewage to get discharged into it.
at present, 51 crore litres of untreated sewage is discharged into the river everyday, making the entire stretch in the city highly polluted.
union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal will jointly lay foundation stone of some of these projects on thursday.
most of the projects are for the sewerage infrastructure including creation of new sewage treatment plant (stp), upgradation of existing ones and rehabilitation of trunk sewer.
these projects, under rs 1,656 crore yamuna action plan (yap)-iii, will come up in three drainage zones namely kondli, rithala and okhla in the capital.
the delhi jal board (djb) will be the executing agency for these projects which are now linked to the ongoing namami gange (ganga rejuvenation) programme of the national mission for clean ganga (nmcg).
new projects on yamuna include creation of 56.
4 crore litres per day capacity of stp at okhla and rehabilitation of trunk sewer of 35 km length in kondli and rithala zones.
besides, two projects at a total cost of rs 580 crore will come up in north delhi and chhattarpur.
a waste water treatment plant of 31.
8 crore litres per day, costing over rs 515 crore, will come up near coronation pillar in north delhi while nine decentralised stps (2.
25 crore litres per day), costing rs 65.
24 crore, will be set up at chhattarpur.
the current sewage generation for delhi is about 327 crore litres per day against the existing treatment capacity of 276 crore litres per day.
the new stp projects in the capital will increase the sewage treatment capacity by over 138 crore litres of sewage per day, taking care of the citys future demand.
these 11 sewerage infrastructure projects are part of the total 131 projects which are being implemented by the nmcg in cities and towns along the river ganga and its tributaries.
being the largest tributary of ganga, the river yamuna has always been in focus of the namami gange programme of the centre which was launched in 2015 with an estimated budget of rs 20,000 crore.
at present, the japan international cooperation agency (jica) assisted yap-iii is under implementation for rehabilitation and upgradation of existing stps and trunk sewers in different parts of the city.
nagpur: the state government has sanctioned rs200 crore for maharashtra national law university ( mnlu ) and work on construction of its campus would begin soon.
we have prepared a wonderful development plan for the university and it would be the most beautiful campus in the country.
the cost of the project is rs750 crore, said chief minister devendra fadnavis on sunday.
he was addressing the foundation stone laying ceremony of the underconstruction manish nagar railway overbridge (rob) cum underpass at shyam nagar ground.
the rob and underpass is being constructed by mahametro on behalf of national highways authority of india (nhai).
the cm along with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari also inaugurated the beltarodi police station and nagpur peri-urban water supply scheme of maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran (mjp).
the bhoomipujan of 20 water supply schemes was also done on this occasion.
mnlu is at present functioning from rented premises in moraj design and decorator building on wardha road near khapri.
the university had started functioning from 2016-17 and the second batch was admitted last year.
fadnavis said that tender for development of nagpur airport through private participation had been floated and work on it would begin within two months.
cargo operations would also start after development of the airport.
nagpur would soon become one of the best airports of the country, he told the gathering.
sources in maharashtra airport development company (madc) told toi that the tender had been approved and would be floated next week.
work is going on on outer ring road, flyovers, railway over bridges (robs) and railway underbridges (rubs) that had been announced by the government.
more would be constructed as per needs of the city, he added.
on the manish nagar rob, the cm said that he had pursued it for over ten years.
initially the design required acquisition houses of many people but we got it changed and now it's a win win situation for everybody, he added.
guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, water supply minister babanrao lonikar and public representatives of the city were present in the function.
this story is from november 7, 2018prime minister narendra modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: the bjp on tuesday released a list of 40 star campaigners, including prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah , union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, nitingadkari gadkari , up chief minister yogi adityanath, former cm uma bharati and cm shivraj singh chouhan.
interestingly, the list also includes names of former chief minister babulal gaur and former state president nandkumar singh chauhan.
gaur is already seeking ticket for himself or daughter-in-law krishna from govindpura seat.
his name in the star campaigner list is believed to have confirmed that the party will drop his name from the list of contestants.
the list however, does not feature names of saints who participated in narmada sewa yatra and adi shankaracharya yatra.
other leaders include party vice-president ramlal, gujarat cm vijay rupani, maharashtra cm devendra fadanvis, union minister dharmendra pradhan, smriti irani mukhtar abbas naqvi among others.
ahmedabad: she does not remember her age but she nods with a broad smile when one of her children  whose ages range from sixties to eighties  says: baa e 100 vatavya chhe (mother has crossed the century mark).
the children are justified in being proud of their mother, leelaben , also known as laduba gurjar .
indeed, she received the best elderly citizen and mother award in 2015 from the president at the time, pranab mukherjee.
gurjar was born into the valmiki community, considered untouchable by caste hindus.
she married chhabildas gurjar, a gandhian who struggled to bring reforms in viramgam, which was in his time thought to be the epicentre of satyagraha.
the gurjar couple had six children; five survived and two became doctors.
gurjars memories of the pre-independence era is vivid.
she bends her lean 53 frame to talk.
once my son nitingadkari had high fever and i went to a doctor in viramgam, she said.
the doctor first asked about my caste and when i said valmiki, he threw the medicines towards us.
it was a moment of great anguish for me.
but on that very day, i decided that i will make my sons doctors.
gurjars recollection of the insult makes her voice shrill; but an undefeated spirit throbs in her words even today.
gurjars five children have done well for themselves.
maneklal, (83) was an executive engineer.
kamlaben (74) retired as the chairperson of the national safai karamcharis board .
nitin (72) is a doctor.
induben (70) was a professor.
vipul (66) is also a doctor.
suresh (64) is a retired railways employee.
when i came to my in-laws home after marriage, i could not read or write.
my husband started giving me homework  for instance, writing the names of the ingredients of various recipes and memorizing tables, gurjar said.
freedom fighters and gandhians such as jhinabhai darji and parikshitlal majumdar used to visit us and they did not hesitate to educate me.
she said that after she had learnt to read and write, she resolved that all her children would be educated.
i had adopted a series of austerity measures.
i owned only two saris until all of my children got educated, she said.
i used to pluck 20kg cotton every night and during the day i used to spin the charkha.
i invested the income in my childrens education.
nitin faced untouchability at the age of 5.
he now runs a clinic in vadaj, ahmedabad.
he charges only rs 5 from his patients and does not ask them about their caste or creed.
with my mothers inspiration, i run my clinic in an area that is home to the poor, deprived, and suppressed people, he said.
treating them heals the wounds inflicted on me by untouchability.
his mother interrupts him.
he serves the entire community, she said.
caste discrimination continues even today.
when i read the newspaper every morning, i see that dalits are still being brutalised.
thangadh and una horrors are some examples.
but i think the circumstances will change.
this story is from february 6, 2019city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ramtek: city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari sang paeans to former state chief minister sudhakarrao naik and ex-rajya sabha mp shrikant jickhar for playing crucial roles in setting up of kavikulguru kalidas sanskrit university (kksu).
shrikant jichkar and i were worried about starting of the sanskrit university.
there was misunderstanding about sanskrit.
it was widely believed those days that through this university, only the upper caste would benefit and their dominance will increase, he said.
i told him that just set up a one-man committee led by jichkar.
i convinced naik that jichkar would ensure all formalities are smoothly in place, he said.
gadkari extended special thanks to both the former congress leaders for their contributions.
he asked kksu vice-chancellor shriniwas varakhedi to tie up with local schools to teach sanskrit.
tribal belt surrounds ramtek and there are farmers too.
the university can teach sanskrit to tribals.
it is important that common man know the importance of the language, he said.
he lamented that the bharatiya sanskriti was more seen outside the country these days.
i met the iranian president recently.
he told me that there was sanskrit chair in tehran as the indian language is mother of persian.
in uzbekistan , kuchipudi, bharatanatyam and dramas in sanskrit are held.
ancient knowledge is preserved in sanskrit.
reaching sanskrit to common man would be real tribute to guruji, he said.
he also said plans to build water temple could not come through while they have achieved 15  success in cleaning ganga.
in his speech, rss thinktank bhaiyaji joshi indicated the organizations continued support to prime minister narendra modi saying bharats progress gained pace only after 2014 and the common man will ensure it is continued.
he said indian traditions of yoga and ayurveda were accepted by the world and same efforts should be put for making sanskrit world famous.
india has made its presence felt on the international map.
yoga and ayurveda have been embraces by the world.
sanskrit can unite the country.
after 2014, the countrys progress got pace.
india will be on top of world if such people are at the helm, he said.
vnit chairman, director leave in protestin a major embarrassment, vnit chairman vishram jamdar and its director pd padole were forced to leave the venue after kksu deputy registrar dk meshram asked them to sit among the general crowd.
the organizers had failed to reserve seats for them in the vip enclosure while those vacant had names of other dignitaries.
jamdar made it clear to meshram that they wouldnt sit on seats having names on other guests.
jamdar and padole are known for their affinity towards rss.
they couldnt stay back for the function in memory of ms golwalkar.
varakhedi took the responsibility for meshrams act and said he will look into the issue.
similarly, a tv channel reporter and cameraman were heckled by kksu staffers.
this story is from february 16, 2019prime minister narendra modidownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: prime minister narendra modi will be in maharashtra on saturday to unveil projects at dhule and yavatmal the pm will launch central and western railway projects.
he will dedicate the udhna-jalgaon rail doubling with electrification project, flag off bhusaval-bandra khandesh express, launch nandurbar-udhna and udhna-paldhi memu trains of wr, along with other cr projects, including flagging off of ajni (nagpur)-pune humsafar express through video-conferencing and laying the foundation stone of jalgaon-manmad third line and dhule-nardana new rail line.
wr chief spokesperson ravinder bhakar said the inaugural run of bhusaval-bandra exp (09004) will be at 3pm, and it will reach bandra terminus at 1.
10am the next day.
cr chief public relations officer sunil udasi said 160km rs 1,035 crore jalgaon-manmad third line project will end traffic congestion and facilitate introduction of more services, including goods trains, in mumbai.
he added, the rs 492.
76 crore 50km dhule-nardana new rail line will reduce congestion and the distance between dhule-nardana by 83km, providing better connectivity and saving travel time.
the pm's events will be attended by chief minister devendra fadnavis , governor vidyasagar rao, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and minister of state (railways) rajen gohain.
he will also virtually inaugurate the eklavya model residential school of nanded.
this story is from january 19, 2019maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari will inaugurate world orange fes.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday said that maharashtra has come up with a plan of promoting agri-businesses.
it will have a rs3,500 crore project covering 10,000 villages where the available technology and infrastructure will be used to create export market for fruits , including oranges.
this will be done with support from the world bank.
showering projects for the region at the inauguration of the world orange festival, the cm said that the concept of orange estates from punjab will be replicated in vidarbha covering nagpur, amravati and wardha districts so that the farmers get quality planting material here.
it will also create all logistics of grading, packaging, marketing etc.
fadnavis said that thanks to the prime minister, big companies like coca cola and pepsi will be using 10  orange pulp in their drinks.
adding that the huge project of ramdev babas orange processing plant was nearing completion and hence region should increase its productivity.
fadnavis also announced a new decision of digitizing the entire crop cycle management of orange from sowing to marketing of the fruit.
the imaging from the maharashtra remote sensing application centre will be used along with artificial intelligence to generate precise information for the framers who will be fed with this scientific advisory through sms.
information from automatic weather stations will also be used.
he said this will make crop forecasting and market forecasting possible and help guide farmers to make best use of their crop.
he also promised to meet the orange growers association to solve the pack houses issue for improving orange export.
later speaking on the occasion, union minister nitingadkari gadkari stressed on the need for developing an orange variety which has all the qualities of a table fruit and yet have enough sweetness for processing.
he said that since there were no facilities for grading, the export market could not be captured to the desired extent.
gadkari suggested that farmers here should come together and form a vidarbha santra utpadak sangh for expediting the export market.
he said innovative researchers or companies were not ready to come to india and called upon the panjabrao deshmukh krishi vidyapeeth and the central citrus research institute to understand the successful practices in world and imitate them locally.
he also stressed on need for using soil testing and plant pathology sciences for better orchards in the region.
this story is from february 6, 2019highways minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the centre will launch half a dozen highway and infrastructure projects worth rs 5,300 crore in ayodhya on friday including the improvement of 84 kosi parikrama marg and the ram van gaman marg.
the two projects have religious significance, particularly for pilgrims who visit the holy city in uttar pradesh the foundation stone for all the projects will be laid by highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and up chief minister yogi adityanath .
though the projects were planned earlier in 2015, the government is now kick starting construction just before the poll dates are announced and also at a time when the ram mandir issue has become the talk of the nation.
according to highway ministry officials, in the first phase about 91 km of the 84 kosi parikrama marg (250 km) will be expanded to four lanes with an investent of nearly rs 896 crore.
huge number of pilgrims take the route to complete the tour around the city, which is worshipped as the birth place of lord ram.
this stretch will be developed as a national highway.
this story is from january 27, 2019file photomake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: ailing goa chief minister manohar parrikar sunday attended a public event for the first time since he was diagnosed with a pancreatic ailment last year when he turned up at the function to inaugurate a cable-stayed bridge on the mandovi river, and charged up the audience with the popular dialogue from a bollywood movie.
the 5.
1 km long, four-laned atal setu was opened to public by union minister for road transport and national highways nitingadkari gadkari in presence of parrikar, union ayush minister shripad naik and other ministers from the state.
the bridge has become the third such link over the river to connect panaji with north goa.
wearing a defence cap and medical appendage attached, parrikar, 63, charged up the audience when he asked them how is the josh, a popular dialogue from bollywood film uri the surgical strike, which has become popular with many politicians including prime minister narendra modi how's the josh?
, how is the josh?
, how's the josh?
.
.
.
i will transfer my josh (enthusiasm) to you and sit here and speak a few words, said parrikar, 63, in his first-ever public speech in the last one year.
the former defence minister has been in and out of hospitals in mumbai, delhi and the usa since february 2018.
he has been recuperating at his private residence near here since october 14 last year, after he was discharged from the all india institute of medical science (aiims) in new delhi.
parrikar could not attend the office of cm for long due to his illness.
he has not attended any public events except visiting his office at the state secretariat late last year on a few occasions.
the frail-looking parrikar was greeted with lusty cheers by people when he arrived for the inaugural event this evening.
the bridge is considered to be his dream infrastructure venture.
during his brief speech, parrikar lamented a social media tendency to oppose every developmental project in goa.
there is opposition for airport and even to the garbage treatment plant.
i think goans should be positive, he said.
the atal setu is expected to decongest panaji, which receives approximately 66,000 vehicles every day, to a great extent.
this story is from january 28, 2019goa chief minister manohar parrikar, after inaugurating the bridge, called upon the people to join hands for d.
.
.
read moregoa chief minister manohar parrikar said transformation can happen only if people stayed positive.
country needs transformationdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: in his first public appearance after he was diagnosed with pancreatic ailment in february last year, chief minister manohar parrikar inaugurated the third mandovi bridge atal setu, along with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday and called upon the people of the state to have a positive mindset towards development.
people have developed a mindset to oppose everything.
they want to oppose the new airport (at mopa), construction of new garbage treatment plantthey want to oppose anything.
i think goans should become positive.
today, my message to the public is to be positive, parrikar told the gathering after inaugurating the countrys third longest cable-stayed bridge, named after former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee.
parrikar, who started his speech with the famous dialogue from movie uri, how is the josh?
, told the people that he is transferring his josh to them.
parrikar reminded the people of what former us president john f kennedy had said.
he told the people that kennedy had famously remarked that american roads are not good because america is rich, but america is rich because american roads are good.
we have to transform our country like western countries, he said.
parrikar said the transformation can happen only if people stayed positive.
referring to the case filed by some activists at the national green tribunal that construction of the bridge would lead to destruction of mangroves, parrikar said they had to fight for two and a half years that led to the delay.
we have done whatever has been required for the bridge and we have cut only 17 trees, he said.
parrikar said he was happy that the new mandovi bridge, the foundation stone for which was laid by prime minister narendra modi on june 14,2014his first official function outside delhi after assuming the office of the pmgot completed within five years.
i am also grateful to the people of the state, he said.
he said as per gadkari, goa required rs 25,000 crore for development works, while the total budget for development works of the state was rs 15,000 crore.
if we decide to take up development projects, it will take us 14 years to complete it.
that is why we need help with funds, parrikar said.
parrikar said it was vajpayee who after seeing the work of gadkari in maharashtra took him to delhi and asked him to prepare the road map for the country.
whatever road works you see in the past five years and during the tenure of vajpayee is part of the road map which was prepared by gadkari, parrikar said.
parrikar looked annoyed when the compere announced the name of the new mandovi bridge.
i wanted gadkari to announce the name of the bridge, but somebody else declared it, he said.
nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
muzaffarnagar: union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone of five projects on panipat  nagina section of national highway 709a totaling rs 4,700-crore here on thursday.
the projects include the 36-km-long four-lane panipat-shamli section to be built at a cost of rs 1,253 crore, the 43-km-long four-lane shamli-muzaffarnagar section at a cost of rs 1,622 crore, the 27-km four-lane muzaffarnagar-mirapur section to be built at a cost of rs 923 crore and the 22-km bijnor kotwali-nagina section at an estimated cost of rs 267 crore besides construction of a four-lane 88-km meerut-budhana-shamli-up/haryana border (karnal) section at a cost of rs 708 crore.
promising a smooth and hassle-free road journey once the projects are implemented, the union minister for road transport & highways urged people to re-elect sanjeev baliyan, who is the mp from muzaffarnagar , in the next elections.
it will not only reduce travel time between delhi and meerut but also benefit residents of muzaffarnagar.
kapildev agarwal, city bjp mla, said, this development will change muzaffarnagars face.
two overbridges will also be built in the city.
sanjeev baliyan, mp of muzaffarnagar, said, to build a state highway around the muzaffarnagar is my prime task.
before laying the foundation stone, the minister observed a two-minute silence in memory of the crpf men who died in the pulwama terrorist attack.
however, he did not say a word about them during his 30-minute speech, said sources.
local bjp leaders who addressed the gathering before gadkari referred to both pulwama terrorist attack and muzaffarnagar riots in their speeches.
bjp mlas vikram saini and sangeet som and mp kunwar bharatendra singh were also present.
nagpur: officials of water resources department will be held responsible for any further increase in the cost of irrigation projects.
the state is expecting funds to the tune of rs13,500 crore in two years.
with finances assured from both centre and state there is no reason for any delay in executing the works.
in case of escalation on account of time overrun, the officials in-charge will be held responsible, said chief minister devendra fadnavis addressing a joint meeting of the centre and state on irrigation.
nitin gadkari who has recently taken over the union water resources ministry was also present.
on the source of funds fadnavis said, rs5,000 crore each will come from states budgetary allocation each year, rs1,000 crore will be through the governor backlog removal funds, with rs2,500 crore coming through special assistance from the centre.
as the fund flow from both centre and state is assured it can lead to timely completion of the irrigation projects.
this story is from december 9, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation nitingadkari gadkari is completely okay after he got some rest from a gruelling schedule.
on saturday, all his social appointments were cancelled and he underwent a full medical check-up at a private hospital of a cardiologist.
his staff and family said all his test reports were normal and there was no cause for worry.
cardiologist harshwardhan mardikar examined gadkari thoroughly on saturday morning at his private hospital in dhantoli.
though he refused to divulge much about the medical tests and his consultation citing confidentiality clause, dr mardikar said the medical tests of gadkari did not indicate anything to panic or worry.
his tests were normal and he is fine, dr mardikar said.
family sources and staff said some other doctors and medical experts whom gadkari usually consults have also examined him since friday and found nothing wrong with his general health condition.
a nationwide concern was triggered on friday noon after gadkari fainted at the fag end of the convocation function of mahatma phule agriculture university at rahuri in western maharashtra.
video clips of his lapsing into unconsciousness and slumping into a chair with eyes staring blankly had gone viral on social media.
however, his subsequent recovery within minutes and giving sound bites to television channels that he was well and fainted because of suffocation caused by heavy convocation ceremonial attire and poor ventilation on the dais did not travel much on the social media.
gadkari recovered his poise and continued his schedule that included a visit to saibaba temple at shirdi.
after flying back to nagpur by a special plane around 4pm of friday, gadkari stayed at home for some hours and then attended the ongoing khasdar mahotsav.
pimpri chinchwad: with shiv sena maval mp shivajirao adhalrao patil criticising bjp associate mla mahesh landge for taking credit for the centres approval to widen pune-nashik highway, a tug of war has broken out between the two parties.
patil had slammed landge while addressing a press conference on thursday.
the tug of war assumes significance as landge is an aspirant for the 2019 lok sabha elections from shirur constituency, which is currently represented by patil.
landge had released a press release a week ago claiming that the centre had granted approval for widening of highway due to his constant follow up on the subject.
patil had claimed that he had been following up with the project for the past 8 years while landge became an mla only three years back.
he was a corporator prior to that.
i have been following up on the project with the centre as it is one of the most important projects in my current constituency (shirur) as well as in my earlier constituency (khed).
the then union minister cp joshi had appointed an agency to conduct a survey during the rule of the upa government in 2013 due to these efforts.
i later followed up with union minister nitingadkari gadkari after the nda government came to power in may 2014 due to which approval was granted in january 2016, patil said.
reacting to the criticism, eknath pawar, ruling party leader, pcmc, said, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has approved the project and mla mahesh landge is an associate mla of bjp.
so it is natural for bjp to take the credit for approval of the project.
we will make efforts to ensure that gadkari performs the bhoomipoojan of the project in bhosari .
the 29.
93 km-long stretch of pune-nashik highway from nashik phata to chandoli in khed taluka will be turned into a six lane to solve traffic congestion.
flyovers will be built at chakan, moshi and chimbli to reduce traffic congestion at these spots.
two big bridges will be constructed on indrayani and bhama rivers.
the estimated cost is rs 1,013 crore and the cost of land acquisition is around rs 1,000 crore.
tenders have been invited for the project.
this story is from february 15, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
dipak.
dash@timesgroup.comnew delhi: the centre is pushing hard to kick start works on three major infrastructure projects in the national capital region ( ncr ) - dwarka expressway, delhi-meerut rapid rail and delhi-mumbai expressway - before poll code of conduct kicks in next month.
sources said while the public investment board (pib) has cleared the rrts project costing around rs 32,000 crore, road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday held a meeting with lt governor anil baijal, chief secretary vijay dev and other senior officials from delhi government and highways ministry on expediting tree cutting permission for dwarka expressway.
his ministry will seek time from prime minister narendra modi to lay the foundation stone for delhi-mumbai expressway project.
the bone of contention for this much delayed project is the transplantation and felling of about 1,000 trees on 4 km stretch in delhi portion, which is awaiting clearance from the aap government.
the issue has not been resolved even after principal secretary to prime minister nripendra mishra held a meeting with all the officials concerned in november.
so far as the delhi-meerut rrts is concerned, the centre has an option to put the first instalment of delhi governments share from the green fund, which is managed by the environment watchdog epca.
though delhi government had suggested that the urban affairs ministry could pay the citys share from urban development fund, the latter had opposed this.
inset: more auto-rickshaws on delhi roads?
delhi may get more auto-rickshaws to push shared mobility.
the supreme court has asked environment watchdog, epca to thrash out the issue of cap on auto-rickshaws on the city roads, which is currently close to one lakh.
epca has been advocating the need for more shared mobility and according to different studies one auto-rickshaw replaces about a dozen cars on roads.
this story is from january 19, 2019union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: with general elections around the corner, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has for the first time since getting elected spoken about his support for a separate state of vidarbha in the run-up to the 2014 lok sabha polls, after which he got elected for the first time as an mp, gadkari was among the four candidates who signed ngo jan manchs declaration supporting statehood.
but, after that he has never spoken for the cause.
however, a major question is how the region can be developed.
there is a need to understand its strengths and weaknesses, and use the strengths to develop it, he added at the public function.
gadkari, however, did not expand on his statement.
also present at the function was state chief minister devendra fadnavis, guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, union minister hansraj ahir and other politicians.
unlike fadnavis who has been very vocal about statehood for vidarbha before he became the cm, gadkari has never voiced his support.
he rarely participated in the rallies for the cause launched by bjp during the congress-ncp rule.
in nagpur, the rallies were always led by fadnavis.
even as a member of the legislative council (mlc), gadkari rarely demanded separate vidarbha although he decried the injustice being meted out to the region.
around 2001, gadkari had filed a pil demanding governors allocation for equitable distribution of funds for all regions of the state be followed by the state government.
they point out that bjp does not have the numbers in rajya sabha to get the proposal passed.
bjp had passed a resolution in favour of separate vidarbha during its national session in bhubaneshwar in 1992.
subsequently, the party created the states of chhattisgarh , uttarakhand and jharkhand when it was in power in 2000.
statehood for vidarbha remained on the back burner.
the main reason could be because its ally shiv sena has always rooted for a united maharashtra when asked about statehood, gadkari would always mention the partys commitment towards smaller states.
orange festival was one of the rare occasions when the minister supported separate vidarbha without anybody asking him to speak on the issue.
bjp sources said that top party members feel that since there is no groundswell, it need not start the process for granting statehood.
also, vidarbha may not be a viable state and its development could be ensured as long as it is a part of maharashtra.
by doing so, the party would try to bring the region on par with western maharashtra after which it could stand on its own feet.
in recent times, a few organizations have separately tried to raise the statehood issue.
some of their members intend to contest the coming lok sabha and state elections on the statehood plank.
this story is from october 29, 2018efforts are being made so that the union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari, could inaugurate the proj.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur : after the state government missed the deadline for constructing the 47-km ring road project before the implementation of model code of conduct, the national highways authority of india ( nhai ) and jaipur development authority jda ) officials are burning the midnight oil to complete the transport and development corridor between ajmer road to tonk road, before february.
efforts are being made so that the union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari could inaugurate the project before lok shabha elections.
sources in the department said, before the deadline, government intended to complete the project in two phases.
in phase i, directions were given to construct a 28-km road between tonk road and ajmer road.
the deadline to complete the entire project is april, 2019.
however, after march, the code of conduct is expected to come into force again for lok sabha elections.
this phase would be completed before february, so that union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari can inaugurate the project, said a senior engineer at jda.
it was informed that in the dedicated corridor, work to construct underpasses and other structures has started.
the street lights are also being installed.
we have also attained 50  progress in road construction work in the development corridor, said a source.
though, the work of transport and development corridor is going on at full swing, no progress can be seen in construction of clover leaves and flyover, as jda has not provided land to nhai till date.
the jda on june 19, signed a supplementary memorandum of understanding (mou) with nhai, after it agreed to provide rs 200 crore in advance to acquire 26 hectares of land.
the funds were transferred in jda's account to acquire land for the construction of clover-leaf and flyovers under the 47-km ring road project.
as per the contract condition, the jda had to acquire land within one month and provide it to nhai.
however, the civic body failed to adhere to the condition.
it was necessary for jda to acquire the remaining land as without over bridges and flyovers, there was no utility of the ring road project.
according to sources, the nhai will spend rs 238 crore to construct clover-leaves and flyovers.
the jda has proposed an over bridge to cross tonk road.
similarly, construction of clover-leaf interchanges was proposed on agra and ajmer roads.
this story is from december 7, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: former union law minister and eminent counsel ram jethmalani says bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shah has expressed sincere regret over the party having expelled him in 2013for six years from his primary membership.
five years after the expulsion and two years after jethmalani took the bjp court, both sides have decided to bury the hatchet.
jethmalani and the bjp jointly approached a delhi court on thursday to put an amicable end to his challenge to the expulsion.
the joint application was filed before the court of additional district court judge sumit dass, patiala house, new delhi.
the court is expected to consider it and pass its order on friday.
jethmalani is now 95 going on 96.
he expressed happiness at the turn of events.
he also conveyed to toi that at this stage of his life he wants peace and goodwill with all.
jethmalani had in 2016 filed a suit before the patiala house court against bjp and others.
he had challenged his expulsion as null and void and without jurisdiction.
he had also sought 50 lakh as damages.
while the suit was pending, the application, a copy which toi accessed, said that shah and bjp general secretary bhupender yadav paid him a visit and they expressed their sincere regret at his expulsion by an order of may 28, 2013.
the application says that jethmalani acknowledges the gracious conduct of amit shah and yadav .
it said that the parties have amicably settled the issue before the court and hence filed a joint application for a decree of disposal.
both sides consented to filing the plea.
jethmalani who had been critical of the bjp leadership and spoken out against nitingadkari gadkari at the time was expelled from the primary membership of the party for six years on charges of breach of discipline in may 2013.
he was then 89 years old and a member of the rajya sabha.
following an order of the high court, evidence, in the pending suit, was being recorded by a commissioner.
evidence of jethmalani has been recorded and that of bjp is being recorded.
the president and general secretary acknowledged the contributions of jethmalani to bjp since the days he was a founding vice president of the party, said the application.
since the meeting, yadav issued a letter on november 3 asserting the fact of regret having been expressed.
yadavs letter is also annexed to the application.
in the letter yadav wrote that jethmalani mp was expelled from bjp which he contested before court and sought a declaration that the expulsion was null and void and devoid of jurisdiction.
during pendency of the suit, president and general secretary of the party met with jethmalani and expressed their sincere regret for his expulsion.
jethmalani accepted the regret and both sides sought a disposal of the suit as a result, he wrote.
yadav was authorised on behalf of the party to file the joint petition.
he and jethmalani filed their affidavits to seek a decree in terms of amicable settlement between them pursuant to regret shown by president of bjp over his expulsion from the party.
this story is from january 5, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the factory running out a two-storeyed residential building in moti nagar, in which a boiler blast killed six people on thursday, had escaped getting sealed despite similar units running in the area being shut down by south delhi municipal corporation (sdmc) last month.
it was one of the 200-odd factories producing fan parts that had been running in the urban village that has about 3.
5 lakh residents.
it is a mystery how the owner managed to get away with just a toilet on the terrace getting demolished during the sealing drive, said rajesh bedi, a neighbour who rescued some of the victims.
on friday, one more labourer who was hurt in the building collapse succumbed to his injuries.
a probe has revealed that the boiler used for mixing paint was being run overtime to meet winter demand.
police suspect that this may have caused it to overheat and explode.
a case of causing death due to negligence has been registered.
the mishap occurred when the owner, ankit gupta, had locked the gates of the factory and was supervising overtime work along with his friend nitin.
the labourers said that the boiler suddenly started leaking, caught fire and exploded.
the employees on the first floor were buried as the roof came crashing down.
concrete chunks also fell on an adjoining scrap dealers shop burying five employees who were cooking their dinner.
police said there were about 20 people, including the scrap dealers, who were under the debris.
fire officials said that plastic wires and fibre fan cups stacked in the building caused the fire to spread rapidly.
this also set off the compressor of the boiler and a gas cylinder.
sdmc commissioner puneet goel said that a closure notice had been issued to this particular property on december 21 and civic officials were planning to seal the property next week.
i have formed a committee to investigate laxity on the part of local officials.
the committee will submit its report on monday.
strict action will be taken against negligent officials, he added.
the notice from the office of deputy commissioner (west zone), a copy of which is with toi, was issued against hr engineering works in the name of harreen rashid, property number w2-2, basai darapur under section 491 of dmc act.
it stated that the residential property was being used for running a factory in violation of master plan of delhi.
even though it was stated that the civic body would seal the premises within two days of receipt of the notice, i.
e.
by december 23, no follow up action seems to have taken place.
a senior south corporation official said that the department has a list of 10,023 units running in residential areas for which a survey is currently being undertaken.
this story is from february 3, 2019nitin gadkari union minister and devendra fadnavis chief minister performed bhoomipujan of the orange city str.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: cm devendra fadnavis announced high speed internet facility to all government offices, universities, colleges and schools including those run by urban local bodies and zilla parishad at the rate of rs1 per year under urban mahanet project.
fadnavis and gadkari dedicated the rs520 crore smart and safe city project, which includes 3,698 cctvs for surveillance, to public in a programme held at bharatwada in east nagpur on saturday.
the two ministers also performed bhoomi puja of the rs3,303 crore smart city project and rs280 crore drinking water supply scheme sanctioned under the central governments amrut scheme.
fadnavis said the urban mahanet project will see government providing services in an easy manner.
people can avail services sitting at homes or their locations and need not come to government offices.
it will be a revolutionary project, he said.
on the controversy related to smart city project, fadnavis assured to give additional floor space index (fsi) and proper compensation for 40  land to be acquired from land owners.
people should not oppose the project without having any knowledge about it and should consult mla krishna khopde to raise problems.
i will sit with khopde and resolve all issues.
we will not make anyone homeless, he said.
to justify the acquisition of 40  of land, fadnavis said people will get more land under the smart city project when compared with regular layouts.
plot-able area is around 22,000 sq mt in layout of one acre in regular layouts.
under smart city project, around 33,000 sq mt plot-able area will be given, he said.
a large number of people turned up for the programme.
there was no opposition or protests.
in the morning, a congress delegation led by abhijit wanjari met fadnavis.
wanjari told toi that fadnavis has assured to give compensation for 40  land and shift reservations to open lands instead of existing structures.
we will continue our agitation if fadnavis does not keep his words, he said.
khopde also requested cm to implement his assurances.
development cost should not be recovered from land owners, he said.
people losing their houses will be given flats with all types of basic amenities, he said.
the union minister assured there will not be any water scarcity during summer.
mahagenco will complete works and have started to draw another 180 million litres per day (mld) of treated sewage from nmcs plant.
thus, the nmc will get water allocated for mahagencos power stations, he said.
additional chief secretary to cm praveen pardeshi and municipal commissioner abhijit bangar gave detailed information related to smart and safe city and smart city projects.
guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule, mayor nanda jichkar, cp bhushan kumar upadhyay, collector ashwin mudgal, nit chairman sheetal teli-ugale, ruling party leader sandip joshi, legislators sudhakar kohle, dr milind mane and anil sole, standing committee chairman virendra kukreja, ceo of smart city spv nsscdcl ramnath sonawane, dcp traffic raj tilak roushan, nmc office bearers, officials and corporators were present.
this story is from january 17, 2019file photo of ring road.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur: as the speedy construction work of the 47-km ring road is visible on ground, the residents and officials are convinced that the deadline of the project will be met before the implementation of model code of conduct.
the flyovers falling under the project at shivdaspura and jaipur-bandikui, are on verge of completion and expected to be finished by february end.
efforts are being made so that the union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari could inaugurate the project before lok shabha elections.
the national highways authority of india (nhai) has constructed nearly 80  of the 60-metre transport corridor on the entire stretch.
sources in the jaipur development authority (jda) said, before the deadline, government intended to complete the project in two phases.
in phase i, directions were given to construct a 28-km road between tonk road and ajmer road.
the deadline to complete the entire project is april, 2019.
however, after march, the code of conduct is expected to come into force again for lok sabha elections.
this phase would be completed before february, so that union road and transport minister, nitingadkari gadkari can inaugurate the project, said a senior engineer at jda.
it was informed that in the dedicated corridor, work to construct underpasses and other structures has started.
the street lights are also being installed.
we have also attained 50  progress in road construction work in the development corridor, said a source.
though, the work of transport and development corridor is going on at full swing, no progress can be seen in construction of clover leaves and flyover, as jda has not provided land to nhai till date.
the jda on june 19, signed a supplementary memorandum of understanding (mou) with nhai, after it agreed to provide rs200 crore in advance to acquire 26 hectares of land.
the funds were transferred in jdas account to acquire land for the construction of clover-leaf and flyovers under the 47-km ring road project.
as per the contract condition, the jda had to acquire land within one month and provide it to nhai.
however, the civic body failed to adhere to the condition.
this story is from december 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: jagatik marathi academy will organize the sixteenth global marathi meet at vanamati hall in dharampeth from january 4 to 6.
marathi speakers, who have excelled in their field in india and abroad, will be interviewed by prominent persons for the benefit of college students and youngsters.
the meet will be inaugurated by chief minister devendra fadnavis and former union home minister sushilkumar shinde at 1pm on january 4.
successful american entrepreneur shriniwas thanedar will preside over the function.
according to guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, the event will inspire youngsters to do big in life.
addressing a press conference on friday, bawankule and social activist girish gandhi said fadnavis, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, padma shri kalpana saroj, littrateur mahesh elkunchwar and several top personalities will tell the youths the key to their success.
gandhi said he will talk to vice-chancellor of nagpur university to ask colleges to send students to the event.
we will arrange for their lunch.
only those seriously interested in literature should come.
they should keep their mobile phones switched off throughout the day, he added.
after the inaugural function, ramdas futane and ashutosh shewalkar will interview the cm.
several successful marathi speakers will be interviewed after that.
a play jagdamba, penned by ramdas bhatkal, will be staged in the evening.
on the second day, elkunchwar will be interviewed by chandrakant kulkarni and shrikant tidke.
after interviews of several prominent people, journalists devendra gawande, shailesh pande and rahul pande will interview gadkari.
this will be followed by a chat with padma shri kalpana saroj, a successful dalit entrepreneur.
a unique cultural programme will be held in the evening.
film director nagraj manjules statue will be made by pramod ramteke while bhau dandale will paint him.
several poets will recite poems on him.
on the last day, several prominent persons will be interviewed.
chief guest for the concluding programme will be padma shri dy patil, former governor.
nitin gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citygurugram: union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on thursday granted approval for the construction of underpasses at vatika chowk and islampur .
haryana public works department minister rao narbir singh had sent the proposal to the union ministry seeking its approval.
the underpass at vatika chowk is part of a bigger project on the redevelopment of southern peripheral road (spr), which will include construction of two underpasses and three flyovers .
the main idea behind the project is to make spr signal-free, singh said in an official release shared by the district administration.
the minister further said once the elevated road on sohna road is complete, traffic pressure on vatika chowk is bound to increase and hence an underpass at the junction is necessary.
on similar lines, singh had also proposed an underpass near islampur village between subhash chowk and rajiv chowk on gurugram-sohna road, which has been approved.
the spr redevelopment project is likely to cost rs 282 crore.
the proposal was tabled in a gmda meeting and was approved by chief minister manohar lal khattar in march.
the project includes an underpass at ghata chowk apart from the one at vatika chowk, along with three flyovers.
the project will also include widening and strengthening of the road, said a gmda official.
spr was launched just two years back by hsvp.
however, the heavy intensity of traffic has left the stretch heavily damaged.
the road sees movement from heavy vehicles between faridabad and gurugram and there were a lot of complaints about the number of potholes.
the redevelopment project had come up after complaints of major congestion at multiple junctions on spr between sector 55-56 crossing and vatika chowk.
vatika chowk, especially, witnesses major snarls during rush hours.
according to sources within gmda, the detailed project report of the project is under progress and is expected to be ready within this month, after which tenders for the project will be floated.
it will take approximately two years for the project to be completed after the work has begun.
gmda officials said redevelopment of spr will be a major benefit for thousands of residents living in new sectors along the spr, especially sectors 57-77.
it will also take off the pressure from nh-8 by serving as an arterial road.
the islampur underpass is also likely to ease traffic movement in the area.
islampur village is spread around the highway, and the heavy traffic on the road is often a cause of inconvenience for both the residents of the village and the commuters trying to move across the highway.
the underpass would ease the problem to a great extent, singh said.
new delhi: in a late night announcement on monday, prime minister narendra modi said he will take a seaplane to travel from sabarmati river on tuesday morning to reach dharoi.
this will add to the high voltage campaign that pm is leading in gujarat to showcase the development model.
the move gains significance considering that the seaplane have only one engine and are primarily flown by pilots of foreign origin.
seaplane can take off and land in water bodies and both take off and landing are spectacular for passengers.
tomorrow at 9:30 am i will travel from sabarmati river in ahmedabad to dharoi dam via sea plane.
after that will offer prayers to maa amba at ambaji.
with air, roads & rail connectivity, our government is making efforts for harnessing waterways.
all this is for 125 crore indians, pm modi tweeted.
though since morning there were news doing rounds that modi will board seaplane, top government functionaries were tightlipped about this showing security reasons.
toi had first reported on september 10 about government plan to re introduce seaplanes in india to promote tourism.
this story is from november 13, 2018prime minister narendra modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityvaranasi/ new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on monday received a vessel carrying 16 truckloads of food and beverage consignments in containers at varanasi, which came through ganga from haldia, and termed this as the beginning of a next generation transport network in india.
some historians claim, with this the government has revived water transport for goods carriage through the holy river after almost 150 years.
while inaugurating the country's first multi-modal hub on a river bank, which ensures seamless shifting of cargo from vessels to other modes of transport, modi said, the movement of this container vessel means the eastern uttar pradesh , poorvanchal and country's eastern part have been linked to the bay of bengal.
the government is developing the entire 1,620 km between allahabad and haldia as national waterway-1, which can be used for transport of goods and passengers throughout the year.
blaming the past governments for neglecting the development of waterways in india, pm said, there was a time when big vessels used to ply on our rivers.
but after independence we neglected these routes rather than develop them.
.
.
the waterway will not only be used for transporting cargo but this will also promote tourism and will also connect the religious places in east india to the east asian countries.
varanasi and other areas in the eastern region will also be popular for cruise tourism.
he added the products including hand loom and textile products from varanai and the nearby regions can be transported to other parts through the waterway.
on the government move to revive the water transport facility, historian prof rana p b singh said, as per english scholar james prinsep, goods transportation through waterway up from kolkata to varanasi and other eastern destinations had remained continued till 1832.
wood, sandalwood, silk, spices and salt were mainly brought to varanasi market by traders through the waterway.
according to historians, with development of road and rail networks followed by construction of malviya bridge in 1887 traders shifted from the water transport for goods carriage, which had been continuing since ancient period.
industrialists and exporters of the region hailed modi for making varanasi a gateway of the first modern water transport system of the country.
r k chawdhary of ramnagar industrial areas estimated that the city would soon become a north india hub for export and import through water route and it will be immensely beneficial for local industrialists and exporters/importers.
pm also inaugurated works totalling nearly rs 2,500 crore which included the 34-km road to airport and the first phase of varanasi ring road project.
this story is from february 10, 2019ncp president sharad pawar (afp photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: ncp president sharad pawar said saturday that he was worried about union minister nitingadkari gadkari as he is being projected as a possible alternative to prime minister narendra modi gadkari, a senior bjp leader, was recently in news when he was seen as taking swipes at his party's top leadership after the assembly poll losses in three states.
talking to reporters at solapur in maharashtra, pawar said to a question, gadkari is my friend.
we have worked together.
there is talk about his name being pushed (as an alternative to modi) and because of that i am worried about him.
he did not elaborate further.
talking about alliances in the state for lok sabha polls , pawar said his party was not engaged in any talks for a tie-up with raj thackeray-led maharashtra navnirman sena (mns).
raj thackeray has a great deal of support from the youth.
but we have not had any talks regarding any agreement pertaining to elections with his party, said pawar.
he discusses public issues with the mns chief often, but there has been no discussion about working together in the election, he added.
this story is from december 20, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: even as nagpur university (nu) confirmed the date of its 106th convocation on january 19, the uncertainty over its chief guest still exists.
iim ahmedabad director errol dsouza was the third to have dropped out of the contention due to the flip-flop from chancellor ch vidyasagar raos office on dates.
thereafter, union railway minister piyush goyal refused to entertain nu vice-chancellor sp kanes invitation for gracing the ceremony to be held at vasantrao deshpande hall.
earlier, renowned industrialists like ratan tata and reliance industries limited (ril) chairman mukesh ambani too declined the invitation sent by the vc citing busy schedule.
now, the top officials, including acting vc murlidhar chandekar and pro-vc pramod yeole, are running from pillar to post to find a new chief guest.
they also met union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari regarding the issue, who suggested the name of chairman of a reputed it bellweather, nu officials said.
dsouza, in fact, confirmed that he was not attending the event to former nu board of mass communication director sunil mishra.
i am not the chief guest for nu convocation unlike what the newspapers seem to be reporting, the iim-a director wrote to mishra in reply to his e-mail.
earlier, kane himself confirmed dsouzas participation as the chief guest to the media.
the actual ceremony was planned in november after nu turned the cycle.
however, unavailability of the chief guest led to deferring of the ceremony by two months.
that uncertainty still exists due to entire mismanagement of nu top brass, including vc, pro-vc and acting vc, nu officials alleged.
in his letter to dsouza, mishra claimed that nu had become a den of corruption under the leadership of kane, as it was plagued by a series of scams of big magnitude.
he claimed that the vc indulged in academic dilution by allowing colleges to complete the semester pattern in just 18 days against the norm of 90 days.
therefore, the degrees conferred by nu under his leadership on january 19 had become illegal.
about four years ago, mishra had written similar letters to former president pranab mukherjee that led him to cancel his visit to nu as the chief guest for its 100th convocation, which brought immense embarrassment to the institution.
mishra said he had already filed several petitions against nu in the nagpur bench of bombay high court which were pending.
citing audit report by the comptroller and auditor general (cag) of india, he said that it had flayed nu top brass for academic as well as financial maladministration.
this story is from december 18, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the old airport road, that was closed for widening and repairs, has been reopened for traffic.
airport operator mihan india ltd (mil) has completed widening and asphalting works on the road connecting khamla with dr babasaheb ambedkar international airport.
after reopening, the road with a length of around 3km, is wearing a totally different look.
the stretch of the road between sahakar nagar nullah towards khamla and nagpur flying club was very narrow.
mil has widened it on both sides.
some branches of trees that were coming on the road have been chopped for the purpose.
the recently completed works have come as a big relief for vehicular traffic as well as morning walkers.
a large number of people from sonegaon, sahakar nagar, khamla, jai prakash nagar and adjoining areas use the road for morning walk.
the walkers were facing serious problems due to narrow road and branches of trees lying on the road.
now, vehicles can easily pass through the road leaving ample space for morning walkers.
earlier, a car had to stop if another car came from opposite side.
now, two vehicles coming from opposite direction can pass easily.
the remaining stretch between nagpur flying club and airport terminal was also in bad condition.
it had large number of potholes and bad surface layer.
the entire stretch has been asphalted.
also, lining works have been done.
speed breakers have also been installed in some places.
abandoned for years, the road running parallel to wardha road was reopened by mahametro in association with maharashtra airport development company (madc) in june.
it was to divert traffic of wardha road as mahametro has been executing works of flyover and metro rail corridor blocking wardha road.
another idea was to facilitate hurdle-free road for vvips, especially convoys of chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
this story is from november 2, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: over 150 delegates from various companies will attend the indo-french investment conclave hosted by indo-french chamber of commerce and industry (ifcci) on friday.
on thursday, many delegates including ifcci president guillaume girard-reydet, director regional bruno bronquard, secretary general payal kanwar and benjamin fauchier-delavigne from poma arrived in the city.
chief convener prasanna mohile informed that they were expecting at least 10 memorandum of understandings (mous) with the maharashtra airport development corporation (madc).
the first of its kind event is being organized in joint collaboration with vidarbha industries association (via) and vidarbha economic development (ved) corporation.
chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari would also interact with the visitors.
french ambassador alexandre ziegler would be leading the entire delegation.
in morning, visitors would be taken for site visits to various facilities mihan-sez, followed up by a presentation from madc officials on facilities offered to investors.
later, the visitors would meet with entrepreneurs from the region to explore opportunities for joint collaboration in various fields.
at hotel radisson blu, panel discussions would take place on topics like smart mobility, logistics and aerospace and defence.
the event holds special significance as it would open many avenues for multilateral trade partnership between india and france in defence and aerospace, smart mobility and logistics and infrastructure.
it would also bring together indian national and state authorities, policymakers, top privet sector players from both countries along with multilateral agencies and industry experts, mohile said.
this story is from december 23, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: the regional transport office rto ) said it was the manufacturers responsibility to ensure vehicles purchased from april 1 were pre-fitted with high-security number plates.
the road transport and highways ministry had issued a notification in this regard.
senior rto officials said their role was limited when it came to execution.
it will not be our job to provide the number plates to vehicles.
it is up to the manufacturer to supply these number plates to their respective dealers.
the dealers will then fit them on the vehicles they sell, pune regional transport officer babasaheb ajri told toi.
he further said they were waiting for instructions on vehicles already on the roads.
in case it is decided that existing vehicles will also need to have these number plates, rtos role will be more prominent.
however, we are not sure about the compulsion or the time frame, he said.
the notification stated that authorized vendors could provide new hsnps to older vehicles, if the state government agreed.
as per rto records, around 30 lakh vehicles are registered with the transport department.
an average of 500 vehicles is registered everyday.
it is possible that these number plates are made mandatory for existing vehicles.
we will then have to chalk out a new strategy in coordination with manufacturers, dealers and licensed vendors, another rto official said.
in april this year, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari hinted at plans to make pre-fitted hsnps mandatory for all classes of vehicles.
hsnps are made of aluminium and wrapped in reflective tape.
these plates are tamper-proof and come with chrome-based, hot-stamp self-destructive holograms, in addition to an image of the ashoka chakra , retro-reflective film and bear a verification inscription, india, at a 45 inclination.
union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patiala: union minister for road transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stones for two road projects worth rs 746 crore today one each at phagwara in kapurthala district and sri anandpur sahib in roopnagar district of punjab.
laying the foundation stone of upgradation of 67.
64 km long banga-garhshankar-sri anandpur sahib-naina devi road, gadkari who is also minister for shipping and water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, said that the project cost around rs 581 crore under which 8.
80km area of the project falls in himachal pradesh.
he also laid the foundation stone of construction of 2.
555 km long elevated structure and vehicular underpass on nh-44 in phagwara city at a cost of rs 165 crore.
he also assured the channelization of swan river in the area and paid obeisance at takhat sri kesgarh sahib, sri anandpur sahib.
he said that these projects will benefit the local populace by way of increased tourism, safe journey, reduced travel time, and enhanced economic activity and employment.
he said that the waters of punjab's share of river waters that was flowing to pakistan would be stopped and the same would be given to farmers of punjab.
this story is from october 28, 2018chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari during the inauguration of the maharashtra m..
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: in a major announcement, union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on saturday asked road developers in the state to use the mixing of 30  glass, rubber and plastic waste (10  of each component) in bitumen/tar for road works to curb the growing problem of disposable waste and reducing the cost of road works.
two years ago, gadkari permitted the nhai and the state pwd to mix only 8  of plastic waste in bitumen for resurfacing of roads.
gadkari, at the inaugural programme of the maharashtra mayors councils 18th meeting held in the city on saturday, requested mayors to adopt the technology in their respective municipal corporations.
my ministry (morth), urban and rural development issued orders permitting mixing of rubber and plastic waste in bitumen.
i came to know about advantages of mixing glass waste in bitumen from australia.
i have also obtained its results from australia.
it has to be mixed by crushing the glass waste into powder, he said.
the union minister said there is a huge difference between costs of bitumen and these three wastes.
bitumen is costing around rs 45 per kg whereas the cost of these wastes is around rs 12 per kg, he said.
pwd and nmc chief engineer ulhas debadwar said it is a welcome move for allowing 30  mixing of these three wastes in bitumen.
it will improve the quality of road works.
these metals increase bonding in bitumen giving more life to roads.
also, voids in these metals will prevent damage to roads from water that is another major advantage, he said.
debadwar further said the use of 30  waste in bitumen will help a huge cost cut in road works.
the problem of safe and scientific disposal of these wastes will also be resolved.
it is economic and eco-friendly initiative, he said.
debadwar also said extra care is required while mixing and transporting mixture of bitumen with these three wastes.
after ethanol, methanol as a fuel is another major invention.
cost of methanol is only rs22 per litre and manufactured from coal.
already, rcf and few more agencies manufacturing methanol, he said.
gadkari stressed the need to increase number of electric-run buses in public transport for cutting down the fuel import and eco-friendly and cheap public transport.
he advised mumbai mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar to direct best to replace diesel-run buses with electric, ethanol and methanol ones.
i also suggest mahadeshwar to make use of sand being excavated from metro rail and others project in mumbai, he said.
listing out projects executed in the city, gadkari suggested various types of waste to wealth projects to mayors so that they can increase revenue of cash-strapped municipal corporations.
this story is from january 23, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkari is likely to inaugurate the third mandovi bridge instead of prime minister narendra modi .
goa state infrastructure development corporation vice-chairman sidharth kuncalienker, said the government has sought an appointment from gadkari to inaugurate the bridge.
we have asked gadkari to give us an appointment on january 26 or 27, he said.
he also said that gadkari would convey the date on wednesday.
kuncalienker said that once the bridge is inaugurated, vehicles from mapusa proceeding towards margao, vasco and ponda can take the new bridge.
vehicles travelling towards mapusa from vasco, ponda and margao can also take new bridge, he said.
in 2017, chief minister manohar parrikar had invited modi to inaugurate the bridge.
around 98  of the work has been completed.
this story is from november 2, 2018nitin gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citygurugram: concerned over the delay in construction of two phases of dwarka expressway on the delhi side, local residents met union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday and requested him to resolve the issue of felling of over 13,000 trees coming in the alignment of the high-speed corridor.
the delhi government has not yet given permission for the felling of 13,700 trees for the dwarka expressway project.
gadkari, however, spoke to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal to find a quicker way out so that work could start.
arvind kejriwal has assured he will expedite the case, a highway ministry official said on thursday.
speaking to toi, syed samir, executive member of the dwarka expressway welfare association (dxpwa), said both the union minister and kejriwal were very supportive.
given their responses, we are hopeful that the issue pertaining to tree felling for this project will be resolved soon, he said.
gadkari, residents said, assured them that his office will follow up the issue with the delhi government.
prakhar sahay, a resident of dwarka, said, we get stuck in traffic jams daily on nh-48 while commuting from delhi to gurugram.
once the dwarka expressway becomes functional, it will save time and fuel both.
im eagerly awaiting for work to be started on the delhi side of the expressway.
toi has learnt that the delhi forest department was initially not satisfied with areas allocated by the delhi development authority for compensatory afforestation of 13 hectares in lieu of the tree to be cut.
on august 21, the forest department said that certain patches of the land in question was categorised as forest and protected under the forest conservation act of 1980.
the forest department requested compensatory afforestation land of 13 hectares in lieu of the 13,700 trees being cut.
the national highways authority of india is still working on a plan for the same, said an official.
this story is from october 27, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) and mahametro are planning a new road to divert traffic while the stretch in front of futala lake is closed for redevelopment.
the new road will connect bharat nagar square on amravati road to telangkhedi hanuman mandir road, at the office of maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran (mjp).
city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari had planned the rs112 crore futala lake redevelopment project with 4,000 capacity viewers gallery and space for restaurants and parking opposite the lake, with a tunnel replacing the existing road.
to begin execution of the proposed project, nagpur improvement trust (nit) on thursday demolished restaurants in front of the lake.
mahametro officials told toi the road in front of the lake is likely to be closed for around a year for the project.
nmc has identified a road to connect bharat nagar square with telangkhedi hanuman mandir road.
the road is reserved in citys development plan (dp).
therefore, we plan to develop this road as an alternative to futala lake road.
the new road will help diverting some traffic from futala lake road, he said.
the mahametro plan says the new 18 meter road will be developed and remain in place even after futala lake project is completed.
it will be a cement concrete road.
a road currently exists from bharat nagar square till the compound wall of dr panjabrao deshmukh krishi vidyapeeth (pdkv).
the compound wall will be demolished to construct the new road.
the new road will begin from the compound wall, and stretch 500 meter to join the road connecting ravi nagar government quarters to telangkhedi hanuman mandir temple at the mjp office.
the telangkhedi hanuman mandir road is currently 9 meter wide, but marked for widening to 18 meter in the dp.
therefore, mahametro will also widen this road.
the only hurdle in the development of the new road is that the land on which it is proposed belongs to pdkv.
mahametro officials said nmc has sent a letter to pdkv requesting advance possession of the land to commence construction as soon as possible.
nmc will take the land on lease from pdkv immediately.
later, pdkv will have to give the land anyway as it is a dp road, he said.
the proposed road will become a permanent one even after reopening of futala lake road.
there are two more roads that can be utilized as alternatives when futala lake road is blocked.
one is situated between ravi nagar square and telangkhedi hanuman mandir road passing through ravi nagar government quarters, and the other from mla hostel square to telangkhedi hanuman mandir.
this story is from december 25, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has rejected nagpur municipal corporations (nmcs) proposal demanding market rate for cotton market and gol bazar lands from mahametro.
the ownership of land will remain with nmc and mahametro will commercially develop it.
the civic agency will get a share of the profit.
the memorandum of understanding (mou) between two agencies will be signed in first week of january.
gadkari held a marathon meeting on seventeen issues of the city in vanamati hall.
sources said that he pulled up several senior officials for delay in execution of their projects.
the minister asked nmc to hold the bhoomipujan of orange city street project on january 19.
nmc has signed a mou with mahametro for building a mall at jaiprakash nagar.
three water supply works packages have been allotted to contractors under atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut).
water pipelines would be laid and 47 overhead tanks would be constructed.
the bhoomipujan of these works would also be held on january 19.
he announced that inauguration of second phase of ram jhula would be held in january.
the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) had told him that some small works remained.
he directed them to finish them quickly.
nit has received rs60 crore for development of city playgrounds.
the agency was asked to prepare designs for development of all the grounds and start work as soon as possible.
nmc gave a presentation on solid waste management.
the minister was also given a presentation on development of budhwar bazar and sakkardara markets.
he asked officials to finalize the bhoomipujan date quickly.
he also directed nmc to expedite cement road works.
the minister asked district collector ashwin mudgal to expedite land acqusition for six road projects being executed by national highways authority of india (nhai) and nmc using central road fund (crf).
nhai is yet to clear the design of mahametros double decker flyover on kamptee road.
additional land is required near kasturchand park for completing the structure.
the highway agency has made it clear that until the land is in possession of mahametro it will not clear the project.
nmc has to acquire land for widening of three roads - old bhandara road, kelibagh road and craddock road.
it had offered transferable development rights (tdr) to the land owners but they refused.
it has now asked for funds from state government under nagar utthan yojana.
the government will pay 70  of the cost while nmc will bear the remaining 30 .
several gunthewari layouts are still with nagpur improvement trust (nit) and they have to be transferred to nmc.
nit has used up the development charges collected years ago on civic amenities.
now nmc has to do the remaining job.
as long as the ownership of these layouts is with nit this is not possible.
further funds sanctioned under various state government schemes cant be used there.
this story is from november 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: even as the 79th session of the indian road congress (irc) is set to kick off from thursday without any discussions on mitigation measures for wildlife, the new road development projects in tadoba landscape is set to post a big threat to maharashtras tiger population.
on november 11, union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stone for several road development and repair works for 576km worth rs5,356 crores in chandrapur district alone, where tadoba is located.
of these, roughly over 100km will cut through tiger corridors making their dispersal a huge problem.
as per latest wii report released in june, there is presence of at least 200 tigers in the eastern vidarbha landscape in chandrapur, gondia, bhandara, gadchiroli, nagpur and yavatmal districts.
in some stretches road development is already going on while on others it is proposed, all sans any mitigation steps.
wildlife experts say tadoba landscape will be most vulnerable as 60  of the states tiger population is present there.
bd theng, superintending engineer (national highways), pwd, admits that the package doesnt include money for wildlife mitigation measures like under or overpasses.
we are not upgrading roads in forested areas or patches falling in the eco-sensitive zone of tadoba.
therefore we have no mitigation plans as of now, said theng.
even chandrapur chief conservator of forest (ccf) sv ramarao says, his office has not received a single proposal from pwd on forest land diversion or those falling in esz.
the most vulnerable two-lane road projects affecting wildlife and tigers include patches between nagbhid-bramhapuri-armori, malewada-chimur, chimur-warora, mul-chandrapur, bamni-navegaon and gadchiroli-mul totalling 244km worth rs1,618 crore.
pwd has also received in-principle approval for two-lane roads between chimur-kanpa and hinganghat-nandori-kora-khadsangi-neri-pendhri-sindewahi-mul totalling 135km worth rs810 crore.
this too will prove disastrous for wildlife as these roads are connected to tadoba.
a pwd source said nagbhid-mul road, via talodi, too will be widened.
the hinganghat-khandsangi-mul road, on which most of the funds will be spent, will cut through ghodazari-tadoba wild life corridor.
this corridor recently got a second life after ghodazari was notified as a wildlife sanctuary plans for the hooman dam was dropped.
gadchiroli honorary wildlife warden uday patel says, while developing roads it is not good to leave forest patches without any mitigation steps.
pwd is creating a fait accompli situation by completing works in non-forest land.
it will later blame forest department for not granting permissions for road work in esz and there will be pressure to grant permissions and roads be constructed through forested areas.
road works in esz will need national board for wildlife (nbwl) permission.
citing the example of chandrapur-mul road expansion from two to four lanes, patel said, as the road falls in esz of tadoba, the new proposal says that it will be a two-lane road.
what is the rationale?
how are these decisions taken?
there are no surveys for volume of traffic and roads are being developed haphazardly.
widening of chandrapur-allapalli road will cut tiger corridor to central chanda, kanhargaon and chaprala sanctuary.
chandrapur wildlife warden bandu dhotre feels, this is the situation not only in chandrapur district but entire vidarbha.
except nh7 near pench, there is no talk of mitigation measures anywhere.
the original proposals should include budget for mitigation steps.
the pwds lack of concern for wildlife will increase man-animal conflict.
in chandrapur district, 12 humans have died in wild animal attacks in last 11 months.
suresh chopne of moefccs regional environment committee (rec) says, several delegations of ngos have met forest officials on the issue.
there is no ntca and forest department assessment on the impacts of upgradation and expansion of so many roads.
most of the forests in the district are notified as corridors in the tiger conservation plan (tcp) of tatr and wii report on evl.
the world bank in its report has also warned that linear infrastructure often fragments wildlife habitats, and could be the single biggest threat to low-density and wide-ranging species such as tigers.
the wwf in its report published in 2016  the road ahead  said, with massive infrastructure plans threatening all tiger landscapes and risking recent gains in tiger conservation, asian governments must adopt a sustainable approach to infrastructure planning and construction or drive tigers toward extinction.
what will be your top priority?
i will focus on job creation in mihan.
nitin gadkari has only made tall promises and has not created any jobs.
i will develop the cargo hub and create thousands of jobs.
will you further expand the nagpur metro?
metro is an unnecessary project which has been foisted on the people of nagpur by bjp.
it has made life difficult as it has led to perennial traffic jams and innumerable potholes on roads.
its cost is rs8,680 crore of which half is foreign loan.
people of nagpur will have to pay back this money in the coming years through their nose.
the state government has already started the process by levying surcharge on stamp duty and development charges for building plan sanction.
people are paying extra for a project that is not needed.
does that mean that you will scrap the project?
i will implement it on public private partnership (ppp) basis.
a private operator will do the investment instead of using public money.
this will not burden the taxpayers.
i will also not raze existing structures for building the metro.
no person will be displaced due to the project.
what will be your other focus areas?
affordable health care will be one of my priorities.
gadkari has set up a branch of all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) but not a single bed is available in it.
all other institutes of bjp remain only on paper.
i will develop quality hospitals that provide better health services to poor.
this story is from february 3, 2019ajit pawar addresses the crowd on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pimpri chinchwad: ncp leader ajit pawar on saturday urged bharatiya republican party bahujan mahasangh president prakash ambedkar to join the congress-ncp alliance without further delay to prevent division of secular votes during the lok sabha elections.
we feel that all the secular parties must fight the elections together.
we feel that prakash ambedkar must also join us, pawar said, while addressing a meeting in sangvi.
the meeting was organized as a part of the state-wide 'nirdhar parivartanacha yatra helmed by the ncp in the run-up to the lok sabha polls.
pawar said pimpri chinchwad, which was earlier known as the industrial hub, has now become the crime city.
as many as 72 murders occurred here in a year.
who is responsible for it?
is it not the responsibility of the mps and mlas belonging to the bjp and the shiv sena?
over 90 murderous attacks have also occurred here in a year.
what are the chief minister and the mps doing?
the ncp leader asked.
he said the metro construction work got delayed in pune, whereas it progressed rapidly in nagpur as chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari are from nagpur.
similarly, the site of international airport was shifted to purandar from khed  a huge setback for pimpri chinchwad  due to the inability of shirur shiv sena mp shivajirao adhalrao patil, pawar added.
jayant patil, president of the state unit of ncp, showed various video clips to emphasize on the unmet promises made by prime minister narendra modi and bjp leaders.
dhananjay munde, opposition leader in the state legislative council, said he had given the evidence about the 16 ministers involved in scams of over rs 90,000 crore, but the state government gave a clean cheat to them.
former deputy chief minister chhagan bhujbal said this was the battle of modi versus the indian constitution.
all the ncp leaders exhorted the voters to vote for change in the union and state governments.
this story is from november 27, 2018union minister nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panchkula: ministry of road, transport and highways have cleared that there will be no toll plaza at the sukhomajri bypass and the entire project will be completed by 2019.
the 7.
70-km long pinjore-sukhomajri-baddi bypass was approved by the ministry of road, transport and highways.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated the project in 2016 which was planned to build at a budget of around rs 84.
91 crore.
8 small bridges, railway underpass, 3-km long service road will be constructed in the project.
the work was sanctioned on december 12, 2017.
vijay bansal, an advocate and president of the shivalik vikas manch , filed an rti from the ministry.
he received a reply stating that only 20  of the work of this bypass has been completed till now and rs 8.
16 crore has been spent on the project out of the total rs 84.
91-crore budget.
bansal filed a petition with the punjab and haryana high court on april 30, 2015, requesting not to install a toll plaza at this bypass and also requested to make sure that work gets completed at the earliest as pinjore and kalka residents had to suffer a lot due to traffic chaos.
bansal said: the work is going on at a snails pace.
the authorities concerned should speed up the work as residents are suffering due to heavy vehicles entry/exit in pinjore and kalka.
the project was passed to benefit large number of transport vehicles and commuters to reach baddi directly without entering pinjore and kalka towns.
kalka mla latika sharma said along with this project, the ministry also passed the amravati under pass, which would be constructed at a cost of rs 15 crore.
it was also informed through rti that the project would be completed within twoyears from its start i.
e.
by december 11, 2019.
state transportation corporations should phase out the cost intensive diesel buses and must induct e-buses to bring down their losses, he said.
with the scale, their cost of operations would fall by almost 50  making them profitable.
we can also have private sector-run e-buses by providing them subsidy and incentives, the minister said.
his ministry plans to procure more than 5,000 e-buses for inter-city travel next fiscal.
i am even looking at introducing double-decker buses, he said.
we have already signed an mou (memorandum of understanding) with transport london to bring in modern technologies in public transportation.
the government has already come out with tenders to procure electric cars for its departments.
the government is already working on an e-vehicle policy as it has set the target to have an all-electric vehicle fleet in the country by 2030.
under the policy, the government will provide for mandatory charging infrastructure along with offering incentives to people buying electric vehicles.
the transport ministry has proposed that electric vehicles that are used as taxis or even mini trucks should be exempted from all commercial taxes.
only then electric mobility can be successful in india, he said.
at the speed private cars are increasing on roads, i will require over rs 1 lakh crore in next five-six years to add extra lanes to national highways, the minister said.
according to niti aayog , indias vision of mass conversion to electric vehicles (evs) can create a $300-billion, or about rs 19.
27 lakh crore domestic market for ev batteries by 2030.
accelerated adoption of electric and shared vehicles could save $60 billion, or about rs 3.
85 lakh crore, in diesel and petrol costs and cut down as much as 1 gigatonne of carbon emissions for india by 2030, aayog has said in a report.
new delhi: a 35-year-old man was stabbed to death by his neighbour over parking issues.
the victim was stabbed multiple times after he parked his scooty in front of the accused house at gautam puri in southeast delhi.
dcp (crime) bhisham singh said the accused, nitingadkari (30), was arrested from najafgarh and has been booked under sections of murder.
he had recently come out of jail and had gone to meet the victim on the day of the incident.
the incident happened on april 18 when two families clashed over parking of a scooty.
the victim, ashok, and his neighbour anil got into an argument which snowballed into a fistfight where anil suffered head injuries.
hearing this, anils relative nitingadkari , along with his brother mithun and nephew vishal came out of the house and attacked ashok with knives.
they stabbed him multiple times and fled from the spot.
ashok was taken to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.
a team led by acp aditya gautam was tipped off that the accused would be coming to old kakrola road on sunday.
the team laid a trap and arrested nitin.
in 2016, he was arrested in a case of pocso and arms act and was jailed for three months.
later, he was arrested for pickpocketing.
nitin told cops that he had started living in noida after coming out of jail and had gone to gautam puri to meet his family on that day.
a manhunt is on for the other accused.
mumbai: the beleaguered il&fs group has received over a dozen bids for its stock market arm il&fs securities.
this follows the new board's decision to restart the sale process and cancel an earlier agreement to sell the securities market firm to indusind bank.
a statement issued by the parent company il&fs said that as on november 23 (the last date for receipt of bids), expressions of interest were received from over a dozen entities like banks, private equity firms and other financial services companies.
earlier this month, the new il&fs board chaired by uday kotak put two companies on the block - il&fs securities services and issl settlement & transaction services.
last week, company affairs secretary injeti srinivas said that il&fs will be calling for expressions of interest from another dozen companies.
this indicates that the new board will be selling each business of the group individually rather than look for a single buyer for the holding company.
il&fs had informed the national company law tribunal (nclt) that resolution options could broadly involve capital infusion, divestments and debt restructuring.
this could be done at the il&fs group level, a business vertical or platform level, or at an asset level.
however, sources said that the bulk of the resolution is expected to come through sale of individual entities, which includes special purpose vehicles to house road projects.
confirming this, the statement said that many other assets of the group will be put on the block soon.
any binding transaction for the sale of assets, as well as the resulting resolution plan(s), will be subject to requisite approvals (including the nclt) before the transactions are concluded, the statement said.
the bulk of il&fs assets are in il&fs transportation with many of the projects being undertaken for the national highways authority of india (nhai).
earlier, responding to a query on the nhai exposure to il&fs, union roads and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had said that the ministry was in talks with the new board.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has organized a meeting of union ministry of housing and urban affairs (mohua) officials next week on nagpur metro phase ii.
i will try my best to get union cabinets approval before code of conduct for 2019 general elections comes into force, he told toi on sunday.
the project was cleared by state cabinet on january 8.
it was earlier approved by state union development ministry headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis on january 2.
according to gadkari, the proposal is yet to reach central government.
i have told mahametro managing director brijesh dixit to expedite the matter from mantralaya, he said.
getting clearance from union cabinet is a lengthy procedure.
the detailed project report (dpr) of the project will be sent to mohua by state government.
the ministry will forward its copies to all concerned ministries for their remarks.
mahametro will have answer the queries raised by all ministries.
then the proposal will be tabled before public investment board (pib) of union ministry of finance.
after pib clearance, it will be sent to union cabinet.
unless gadkari takes initiative in getting clearances from various ministries, the project will not come up before union cabinet before general elections are declared, which is expected to happen in february end or early march.
if union cabinet does not clear it before elections are delayed, the project will get delayed as it will have to be cleared by next government after a gap of three months.
the project is already behind schedule due to delay by state urban development ministry in clearing it.
as per the dpr it should have been cleared by state cabinet in november 2018 and union cabinet in january 2019.
the dpr was submitted to state government on time  july 2018.
gadkari was irked over the delay by state government.
during a meeting on citys issues held on december 28, he had asked guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule to get it cleared as soon as possible.
cm fadnavis then cleared it on january 2.
in case of phase i, the then nagpur mp vilas muttemwar was unable to get union cabinets clearance before 2014 general elections and it was subsequently cleared by bjp government few months later.
this story is from november 18, 2018the 106-m-long khandepar bridge will be the first four-lane bridge to be constructed over a goan riverdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ponda: in a first, a union minister may inaugurate a state-handled development project, if public works department (pwd) minister ramkrishna dhavalikars plan comes to fruition.
the pwd minister wants union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to inaugurate, in december, the khandepar bridge being constructed over opa river.
we have informed him of the possible dates in the first fortnight of december.
the bridge will be inaugurated on a date fixedby him and permitted by chief minister manohar parrikar , dhavalikar told mediapersons, after conducting an inspection of the bridge on saturday afternoon.
though the work of the bypass road is not yet complete, we are planning to inaugurate the bridge to ease the hardships faced by motorists, dhavalikar said.
south goa mp narendra sawaikar, pwd officials and managing director of mvr infraprojects company prasad rao were also part of the inspecting team.
the first four-lane bridge to be built over a goan river, the 106m-long khandepar bridge comes under a project that encompasses the widening of a seven kilometer stretch of nh 4a that connects goa and karnataka.
this story is from december 29, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: the ground work for the chandni chowk flyover is expected to begin early next year.
the national highways authority of india (nhai), which will execute the project, nhai said that the current flow traffic will have to be diverted to an extent to assist the flyover work.
nhai is chalking out diversion plans to be implemented during the civil work.
the diverted traffic will go through roads constructed through plots of land that are to be handed over to nhai by pune municipal corporation .
the civic administration has yet to hand over a portion of the land, officials said.
the nhai expects to complete the process of land acquisition in the next couple of weeks, which will pave the way to begin the actual ground work.
we are hopeful of getting possession of the remaining land in the next few days from pmc.
these land plots are crucial, because the diverted traffic is expected to go through them.
some structures will have to be demolished, a senior nhai official said.
the ambitious project is aimed at streamlining traffic movement in the busy chandni chowk area, which has witnessed a significant increase in vehicular movement over the past few years.
the flyover will give access to mumbai, pune city, katraj and pirangut without too many hurdles.
regular commuters on this stretch have been complaining of constant traffic snarls, especially in the peak hours and weekends, despite the police introducing various regulations and a rotary traffic system.
the project was launched in 2017.
last week, guardian minister girish bapat had announced that work will begin soon, as nearly 90  of the land had been acquired.
he said he got a go-ahead from union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in this regard.
the process of appointing an agency to execute the work has also been completed, bapat had said.
new delhi: the government is planning to increase the budgetary allocation for highways by over 15 per cent to rs 71,000 crore, along with permission to nhai to raise another rs 61,000 crore, in 2018-19, resulting in the total spend on the sector going up by nearly three times since the narendra modi government assumed office in 2014.
at a time when private investment remains muted, highways has emerged as one of the key sectors for the government to step up public investment to ramp up economic activity and create jobs.
the focus on highways, which boosts the demand for cement and steel, has sped up construction activity to 22.
5 km a day, compared to 12 km a day in 2014-15, marking a rise of close to 90 per cent.
the planned increase in allocation is another step towards continuing the momentum although the finance ministry has indicated a reduction in the funds allocated for the current financial year from the budget estimate of around rs 64,000 crore to around rs 61,000 crore in the revised estimates that will be presented by finance minister arun jaitley on february 1.
we are expecting some increase in private sector investment during the next three months as many projects under the public private partnership (ppp) model are set to be awarded.
but the government has pumped in more funds for building highways.
these public funded works will eventually become ppp projects when we award them for fixed years under toll, operate and transfer (tot) model.
the private players will make upfront payment to the government and they will be responsible for maintenance and operation as well, said a highways ministry official.
according to official data, public spending in the highways sector has increased from approximately rs 32,000 crore in 2014-15 to more than rs 70,000 crore in 2016-17.
it's set to be higher during this year.
on the other hand, private investment has fallen by almost half between 2015-16 and 2016-17 and during the current fiscal, private players have invested only rs 9,800 crore against the budgetary estimate of rs 32,400 crore.
till december, the daily highway construction stood at 23.
6 km and the ministry is confident of pushing it to 25 km a day by march.
this story is from january 29, 2019the bridge was inaugurated on sunday by union minister nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: the atal setu bridge over river mandovi, which was inaugurated on sunday, will be kept open strictly for pedestrian visitors till february 3, goa state infrastructure development corporation (gsidc) officials said.
regular vehicular movement will commence from february 4 , gsidc vice-chairman sidharth kuncalienkar said.
however, some sources said that l&t was still giving some finishing touches to the bridge and that traffic signs and road engineering for traffic movement are yet to be completed, which is why the authorities decided to keep the bridge closed for a few more days.
the 5.
1km long cable-stayed bridge , named atal setu, a third such bridge to connect the state capital with north goa, was inaugurated by union minister for roads, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
it was requested by many citizens that the atal setu be kept open for a few more days for people to visit, said kuncalienkar.
it has been decided that it will be kept open till february 3, only from the porvorim side.
gsidc plans to allow school students, accompanied by teachers, to visit the bridge from 10am to 12pm.
general public will be allowed to visit the bridge from 5pm to 7pm on weekdays and between 10am and 7pm on sunday.
special ktc shuttle buses will ply to take the visitors to the cable-stayed portion during the scheduled timing, kuncalienkar said.
meanwhile, the approach ramp for vehicular traffic coming from margao remains incomplete while the flyover that connects traffic from ponda to the bridge also remains far behind schedule.
gsidc expects the entire structure to be ready by march.
the congress party had recently claimed that the bridge was being inaugurated in haste.
further, they said that since l&t was yet to handover the project to gsidc, traffic should not be permitted on the bridge.
this story is from january 31, 2019the statue will be unveiled next week in urandownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
navi mumbai: while the rs 2,900-crore shivaji memorial in the sea continues to face controversies, another statue of the maratha warrior is all set to be unveiled in uran next week.
jawaharlal nehru port trust (jnpt) has spent rs 30 crore to construct a 22m-tall shivaji memorial, shivsmarak, on a 2-acre plot owned by the trust near jasai-dastan phata.
the memorial will host two statuesone of shivaji and another of his mentor, samarth ramdas swami.
the memorial will have an art gallery, a museum of artefacts, amphitheatre, cafeteria, garden and water fountain.
construction of the memorial commenced last year and is expected to completed in five months.
but the statues will be unveiled next week itself, said a jnpt source.
the shivaji memorial project was scheduled to be completed by february 2019 but it has got delayed due to the intricate design of the structure.
a jnpt official said, the rcc work of the memorial structure is near completion.
the electrical, plumbing, fitting and fixing and interior decorations will follow now.
it will be a monumental site and we are proud that jnpt has conceptualised the idea.
it will surely become a tourist attraction, said uran mla manohar bhoir.
according to a source, the statue inauguration will be done by minister of shipping, road transport & highways, water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis jnpt spokesperson jaywant dhavle said, the unveiling has been deferred from february 3 to a new date, which will be announced soon.
mahesh baladi, a jnpt trustee, said, the statues are being made in pune and will arrive in two-three days.
we are trying to get the pm to grace the occasion.
the inauguration is being scheduled before february 10.
this story is from january 25, 2019thousands of vehicles, including ambulances, were stranded on the thane-nashik highway on thursday.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
thane: thousands of motorists and ambulances ferrying patients were stranded on both lanes of thane-nashik highway on thursday, as the state government inaugurated projects to improve mobility in the metropolis.
commuters said they were stranded at one spot for nearly 30 minutes and many took over one-and-a-half hours to cross the 10-km stretch that usually takes 15 minutes.
we were waiting endlessly in the scorching sun with no idea of the next course of action or reason.
it took me nearly an hour to reach the anjur dive stretch from majiwade, complained ankur mathur, a resident of thane on his way to nashik for a business meeting.
commuters expressed ire at the failure of the authorities to solve current traffic problems amid their efforts to focus on the future.
the government is busy announcing measures to tackle potential traffic congestion but is failing to look into immediate measures for current problems, an activist from thane said.
speaking at the ceremony, fadnavis said officials were aware of the delay in execution of a few road infrastructure projects that were causing congestion, and said they had taken corrective measures, including hiring new contractors to execute work faster.
this story is from december 29, 2018union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari is irked by the delay by the state government in clearing the detailed project report (dpr) of nagpur metro phase-ii.
he has asked his personal staff to regularly follow up the matter with urban development department (udd) of the state government.
he has also asked guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule to expedite the process.
gadkari is also displeased with nagpur municipal corporations (nmcs) failure to clear the comprehensive mobility plan (cmp) of the city.
this is an essential document for udd to clear the dpr.
the minister recently pulled up civic officials and office-bearers over the issue.
after the dpr is cleared by udd, it will be submitted to the state cabinet.
the state will send it to niti aayog, which will examine it and then forward it to union cabinet.
mahametro can seek funding for the second phase only after the cabinet clears it.
with the general elections round the corner, gadkari wants to get the project cleared before election code of conduct comes into force.
mahametro had submitted the dpr of phase-ii to udd in july.
since then, not a single query has been raised by the mantralaya officials.
we are doubtful whether they have even bothered to read the dpr, said a metro official.
chief minister devendra fadnavis , however, assured toi that the dpr would be cleared very soon.
nmc standing committee chairman virendra kukreja blamed the opposition corporators for delay in clearing the cmp.
we had tabled it during the last general body meeting but opposition corporators created ruckus and got the house adjourned.
the next house will be around january 20 and i hope it will get cleared, he told toi.
the cost of the phase is about rs10,500 crore at 2018 prices.
phase-ii will have five stretches having total length of 48.
3km and 35 stations.
the first stretch is from automotive square to kanhan river having length of 13km and 12 stations.
the second one is from lokmanya nagar to hingna.
its length is 6.
7km with seven stations.
the third one will connect wasudeo nagar to dattawadi.
it will be of 4.
5 kms and have three stations.
the prajapati nagar to transport nagar stretchs length is 5.
6km with three stations.
the longest stretch is from mihan to butibori midc esr having a length of 18.
5km and 10 stations.
the estimated daily ridership from kanhan river to butibori midc is 2.
61 lakh in 2024, 3 lakh in 2031 and 3.
73 lakh in 2041.
the ridership of transport nagar to hingna line is 2.
58 lakh in 2024, 2.
98 lakh in 2031 and 3.
62 lakh in 2041.
the figure for wasudeo nagar to dattawadi spur is 30,000 in 2024, 35,000 in 2031 and 39,000 in 2041.
this story is from january 31, 2019union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: taking cognizance of the opposition of gaddigodam residents to mahametros double decker flyover on kamptee road, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has asked mahametros managing director brijesh dixit to hold talks with them.
the priest of sfs cathedral will be invited for the meeting.
the mp had convened a meeting on city issues on wednesday.
officials of mahametro, nagpur improvement trust (nit), nagpur municipal corporation (nmc), public works department (pwd) and some other government agencies attended it.
gaddigodam residents are opposing the flyover because land in the area is being acquired for its ramp.
they fear that speeding vehicles coming down the flyover will cause accidents.
other than the cathedral, many schools are located near the ramp.
shopkeepers, whose establishments are acquired by mahametro, will be allotted shops on no-profit, no-loss basis in gol bazar if they dont want monetary compensation.
municipal commissioner abhijit bangar and nit chairperson sheetal ugale were told to scrutinize 70,000 applications received for tenements under pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay) by february end.
the eligible ones should be provided allotment letters.
five schemes of nit are ready while work is in progress on nmcs pmay projects, said kukreja.
nit was asked to prepare the detailed project report (dpr) of amphitheatre on nagpur university (nu) land located on the campus.
its capacity will be known when the design is ready but it will be above 10,000.
we will construct a food court within the structure so that it generates additional revenue, said the bjp leader.
pwd has been asked to install a mechanical stage inside mankapur indoor stadium.
the stage will be opened only during social and cultural programmes.
at other times, it wont hinder sports activities, kukreja said.
nit has constructed some mini sewage treatment plants (stps) on pili river.
the civic agency will buy 20 water tankers and paint them red.
ten of them will supply water free of cost to playgrounds belonging to civic and government agencies.
the other ten will supply it to construction sites at rate lower than that of nmc, said kukreja.
mahametro was told give a detailed presentation on yeshwant stadium redevelopment scheme during the next review meeting.
nmc was asked to do the same on sakkardara market redevelopment.
nmc will float tenders for budhwar market soon.
nit was asked to prepare plans for development of city playgrounds.
this story is from february 16, 2019the car rally being flagged off in patna on fridaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: participants of suraksha yatra, a motor car rally of 7,000km from new delhi to myanmar, were given a warm welcome here on their arrival on friday.
state transport minister santosh kumar nirala later flagged off the cars for their onward journey.
the rally is an initiative of union ministry of road, transport and highways to commemorate 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
it was officially launched by external affairs minister sushma swaraj and road, transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on february 4 as part of the 30th road safety week.
the 11 cars in the rally are driven by people from cross sections of society, including armed forces and freedom fighters.
the rally will cover places associated with mahatma gandhi in three countries  india, bangladesh and myanmar.
addressing the gathering, nirala said messages and principles of mahatma gandhi would be spread among the masses to highlight awareness about road safety.
before flagging off the car rally, a two-minute silence was also observed at the venue  gandhi maidan  to pay homage to the crpf jawans who sacrificed their lives in pulwama terror attack.
the minister also paid floral tribute to the statue of gandhi at gandhi maidan.
transport secretary sanjay kumar agarwal said several activities have been conducted across the state to observe the road safety week.
the rally will make people aware about road safety.
it will conclude at yangon in myanmar on february 24, covering a distance of over 7,000km, he said.
agarwal said stickers and boards of no-honking have been put up across the city with the help of students and non-government organisations as part of the road safety week.
awareness is very important to stop road accidents, he said.
agarwal added altogether 6,715 people died in the state in road accidents in 2017-18 alone.
of them, 52  were in the age group of 15 to 35 years.
at least 32  of accidents involved two-wheelers, he said.
this story is from november 7, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) is set to convert 50 diesel-run buses into cng on trial basis.
transport committee chief narendra aka bunty kukde said the nmcs steering committee led by officiating municipal commissioner ravindra thakre has given nod to the proposal submitted by rawmatt industries private limited at a meeting convened late on monday.
now, the proposal will be tabled before the special transport committee meeting to be convened after diwali , he said.
the expenditure will be borne by rawmatt industries.
this would save nmcs fuel expenditure by 20  to 25 , claimed the transport committee chief.
union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had suggested converting the nmcs aapli bus to cng.
taking the suggestion seriously, kukde immediately invited suggestions from various companies across the country.
subsequently, rawmatt industries approached the civic body and gave a detailed presentation before a meeting of all stakeholders convened by thakre.
earlier, another firm ace gas conversion company had approached the civic body.
for converting a diesel bus to cng, an expenditure of rs 13.
50 lakh and for midi bus rs 9.
50 lakh was estimated.
the bus operators had been asked to bear the cost.
however, the nmc could not go ahead as the operators were not ready to invest money for purchasing the required kits.
as per rawmatt proposal, the private bus operators will not have to shell out even a single penny.
rawmatt will install the kit costing between rs 3 lakh and rs 3.
25 lakh on its own.
the amount invested in installing the kit will be recovered by the firm from the operators charging rs5 extra on every litre of gas, said kukde.
under the pilot project, 50 diesel buses will be converted into cng using type viii cylinder.
type viii cylinder is very light and has a carrying capacity of 60 kg gas which will be enough to run for 240 kms, said subbarao waddadi, director of rawmatt industries.
kukde said this time one of the red bus operators  m/s travel times  has agreed to the proposal.
so, on a trial basis, a mother station for cng will be developed at khapri depot.
the nmc has also agreed in-principle to provide 20,000 sq ft land for installation of cng fuel dispensing systems.
after nod from the transport committee and general body, a memorandum of understanding will be signed between the nmc and rawmatt.
new delhi: government departments will soon stop charging each other for support and services.
the decision was taken at a meeting of infrastructure ministers, including those for road, rail, power, petroleum, environment and telecom, on tuesday as such payments were simply getting transferred from one government department to another.
the move will reduce time taken for approval.
the infrastructure ministries will sign mous with each other to make a beginning.
the meeting was chaired by highways and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari sources said government departments currently levy different types of fees, including maintenance charge and recurring staffing charge.
there are huge governmentto-government bookings because of the present practice, which must end.
these are government-to-government payments.
however, the payment for getting land will be kept out of this new module, said an official present at the meeting.
the ministers also set up a panel of secretaries to look into the modalities for sharing infrastructure for utilities such as water and gas pipelines, telecom cables and other similar facilities.
the committee, under the telecom secretary, will submit its report in one month.
another major decision taken at the meeting was allowing the highways ministry and its wings to build rail overbridges (robs), a pilot which has been successful in maharashtra .
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: proposed 62 years ago, old bhandara road widening project is now likely to become a reality.
the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has got possession of 39 nazul plots and in-principle approval of rs210.
35 crore for acquisition of remaining structures.
already, union minister nitingadkari gadkari has approved funds for widening and asphalting works.
an official from district administration told toi that 90 nazul plots come under the project.
unauthorized constructions, of which most were commercial shops, were on 16 nazul plots.
they were demolished in the last two days.
nmc got possession of 23 nazul plots that were vacant or comprised minor encroachments.
of the 51 remaining plots, 48 are on leasehold basis and will have to be acquired by paying cost of structures.
decision on three temples will be taken by city-level committee headed by the civic chief, he said.
total 445 structures are to be razed for the project in which a stretch of around 4km from mayo hospital to sunil hotel at lakadganj passing through hansapuri, shaheed chowk, itwari and satranjipura will be widened from existing 4-9 metre to 18 metres.
nmc official said four plots are its leasehold one, 15 of nagpur improvement trust (nit) leasehold and remaining 336 of private persons.
former mayor and corporator pravin datke said state government has given in-principle approval for rs210.
35 crore required for acquisition of private plots.
nmc has submitted a list for acquisition with district administration.
process to acquire the private plots will begin soon followed by execution of works, he said.
bjp city vice-president bhushan dadwe alleged that project was getting delayed due to obstacles from a couple of corporators who are getting support from the nmc.
high court on july 17, 2017, had directed the nmc to start works within three months.
raman paigwar and me had to pursue the district administration for the demolition drive.
now, acquisition of remaining properties should be done fast, followed by execution of works, he said.
this story is from november 23, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: a day after toi reported how ill-planned road development was posing threat to precious wildlife and tiger reserves, especially tadoba-andhari tiger reserve (tatr), it is evident that both highways and railway ministries have been ignoring the environment ministry directives on it.
the moefcc on july 13, 2018 had written to all chief wildlife wardens about mandatory submissions of wildlife passage plan for all type of linear projects but the road agencies like pwd and nhai have been sending proposals without wildlife passage plan (wpp).
the moefcc directive was based on a decision taken at 47th standing committee meeting of national board of wildlife (nbwl) on january 25, 2018, that all linear infrastructure projects seeking nbwl nod should have a wpp prepared in consultation with chief wildlife wardens based on guidelines issued by wildlife institute of india (wii), dehradun.
on november 11, highways minister nitingadkari gadkari laid foundation stone and also opened several road development projects of 576km length worth rs5,356 crores in chandrapur district alone.
of these, roughly over 100km will cut through tiger corridors.
but pwd has not submitted any plans for wildlife passages in patches cutting tiger corridors and those falling in eco-sensitive zone (esz) of tadoba.
ideally, they should consult the chief wildlife warden for roads falling in the esz, but no such proposals have come to me.
if it is pertaining to forest land diversion it will go to the nodal officer and if it relates to protected area than i get involved, says pccf (wildlife) ak misra.
however, moefccs regional environment committee (rec) member suresh chopne says, the agencies are rampantly expanding roads under the garb of right of way (row).
the road stretches to be upgraded are divided within 100km to skip environment clearance.
chopne says even if these agencies are changing alignment in forest patches clearance is needed.
for vulnerable patches like mul-chandrapur, nagbhid-talodi-mul, ballarshah-allapalli, chimur-khadsangi, the pwd will have to submit wildlife passage plans as all these patches will cut tiger corridors and are also in esz.
in 2016-17, ministry of road transport & highways (morth) sanctioned national highway works in the state to the tune of rs47,936 crore which are in progress.
these projects are mainly two lanes with paved shoulders where 90  land was already available at the time of award.
the morth wants forest department to expedite permissions for land diversion and tree felling without submitting any wildlife mitigation plans.
as per morth updates, 8 road projects have been stuck up in nagpur region for forest land diversion and tree felling.
all these road projects fall in the tiger corridor of tadoba-kawal, bor, navegaon-nagzira-kanha and tadoba-umred karhandla.
in amravati district too, 8 roads want forest clearance, which are corridors between bor and melghat tiger reserves.
lack of mitigation steps are being ignored despite moefcc secretary ck mishra writing to railway board chief ashwani lohani and nhai chairman ys malik on june 14, 2018 highlighting seriousness of wildlife deaths on tracks and roads.
mishra said designs of new railway lines passing through pas, buffer and esz may be prepared as per wii guidelines.
the nbwl will accept project proposals only if they conforms wii guidelines.
even existing railway lines passing through pas, buffer and esz may be modified as per wii, mishra had said.
the top moefcc official had even suggested railways to create conflict mitigation fund to execute the wildlife mitigation plans.
recently, three tiger cubs were mowed down by speeding train near chandrapur by secr.
similarly, mishra had written to central electricity authority (cea) chairperson rk verma asking to modify existing power lines passing through pas, buffer and esz as per wii guidelines.
moefcc also suggested to adopt techniques like insulation and undergrounding the transmission lines to curb electrocution of wild animals.
road projects in corridor* amravati region: akola-akot-anjangaon, nandgaon-morshi-chandurbazar needs forest clearance in some patches and also tree felling.
the road projects are part of corridor between bor-melghat tiger reserves.
* nagpur region: mul-chandrapur, deori-amgaon, arvi-talegaon, nagbhid-armori, katol-wardha, selu-paoner.
these road projects are falling in tadoba-kawal-bramhapuri and umred-karhandla tiger corridor.
what ministry wants* no linear infrastructure project proposals should come to the nbwl without animal passage plan suggested by wii* railways told to prepare mitigation for new lines as per wii.
* existing roads, highways, railway lines passing through pas, buffer and esz should also have mitigation steps in a phased manner.
* adopt techniques like insulation and undergrounding for power transmission lines.
mumbai: traditionally, economic decisions take a back-seat during the election season due to political expediency.
not this time, say the political top brass.
the government promises to go full steam ahead on economic decisions despite the elections , which are around the corner.
that was the clear message from top cabinet ministers to india inc at the economic times awards for corporate excellence on saturday.
leadership is the art of taking decisions, and not postponing them because there is no consensus, said finance minister arun jaitley, adding that the strength of an economy is seen in how it grows during adversity.
as political parties prepare for the lok sabha polls in 2019, ministers of the modi government said that development is going to be a clear theme.
pointing out that the et awards , which celebrates its 20th anniversary this year, was a reflection of changing contours of corporate india, times group md vineet jain said that this government has taken a strong stand on what is turning out to be one of the worlds most sought-after resources  information.
data is the new oil is a catchphrase today, and if it is true, india has one of the worlds richest reserves.
i hope our draft data protection law will bring in much-needed safeguards for the data of indian citizens, said jain.
he added that a data-protection regime, devised by the rbi, is already in place in the financial sector.
winners take centre stage: (from left) film director karan johar, adobe ceo shantanu narayen, hdfc bank md aditya puri, railway minister piyush goyal, hul cmd sanjiv mehta, page industries md sunder genomal, renew power cmd sumant sinha, vice-president venkaiah naidu, finance minister arun jaitley, times group md vineet jain, godrej group chairman adi godrej, bajaj finserv md sanjiv bajaj, npci non-executive chairman biswamohan mahapatra and npci ceo dilip asbe at the economic times awards for corporate excellence in mumbai on saturdaythese measures do not mean we are erecting trade barriers, as some have accused india of doing.
they are a legitimate means of securing this valuable asset.
indeed, they represent a potential business opportunity for companies which could create the infrastructure to host and manage data within the country, jain added.
speaking about the governments ambitious highway project, union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said that in two and a half years, there will be a six-lane highway from the national capital to the financial capital, which would cut down delhi-mumbai road travel to 12 hours.
the government will award the delhi-jaipur stretch in the next few days, for which rs 16,000 crore has been budgeted.
the 2019 elections will certainly be about the economy and development.
we will showcase what we have achieved with a sense of responsibility.
what we have achieved are first-level changes, because of which there are a lot more rigorous systemic transformations that are taking place, said defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
echoing the governments theme of financial inclusion, the winner of et business leader of the year award, bajaj finserv md sanjiv bajaj, said, the last 10 years have been a tremendous journey for us  from issuing a few hundred thousand loans annually to fy19 when we should do 40 million loans and policies.
of these, nearly 8 million individuals will enter the formal financial credit system, getting the first formal loan from us.
this is the opportunity that the country provides.
this story is from november 27, 2018lucknowites turned up in large numbers to watch their favourite players at the tournament(bccl/ aditya yadav)download the times of india news app for latest citysoon after witnessing a crazy frenzy at the recently held t20 cricket match played between india and west indies at the ekana international stadium, sports lovers in the city got a chance to witness a nail-biting badminton championship held at the babu banarasi das up badminton academy.
with several well-known badminton players from the country and abroad, playing under one roof in the syed modi international badminton championship 2018 at the stadium, an extended weekend witnessed a huge turnout at the stadium.
saina nehwal (bccl/ aditya yadav)arpinder sabharwal, competition manager at the championship says, the turnout this year has been more as compared to last year.
the reason why we had more people coming at this time was also because that there was a long weekend.
the footfall was particularly high during the quarter-finals and the finals.
another reason for the tremendous turnout in the tournament is obviously the star power of players like saina nehwal, parupalli kashyap , sai praneeth and prannoy kumar , among others which attracts a lot of youngsters.
(l) arpinder sabharwal (r) fajar alfian and muhammad rian ardianto (bccl/ aditya yadav)and this time the authorities made sure to spread the word about the championship.
the credit for a great footfall also goes to the whole stadium team which has worked really hard and distributed the passes at schools and other institutions timely, adds sabharwal.
with so many youngsters coming to watch the championship, arpinder considers it a good sign.
he says, the aspiring badminton players and kids who are interested in badminton came with their parents and i think this tournament provided a perfect platform to watch their role models play live and get motivated to perform better in sports.
saina nehwal and parupalli kashyap during the tournament (bccl/ aditya yadav)for 19-year-old nitish mishra, a resident of aliganj area, came along with his friend sankalp to watch their favourite player sai praneeth in action.
we play badminton a lot in our colony and we love to watch badminton matches.
so an opportunity to watch international level players playing in our own city was not to be missed by me,  says nitin.
for sankalp, this tournament means a lot as he himself has been training in badminton at various academies for five years and has even played in many local matches in the city.
an excited sankalp says, there were so many good matches happening here.
and my favourite player sai praneeth was also playing today.
while for 24-yearold raj upadhyay and 27-year-old vineet kumar bajpai, ardent fans of the game, it was a golden opportunity to watch their favourite star saina nehwal live in action.
last year also, we had come here to watch the matches and this year too were here for her match, says vineet with a smile.
new delhi: the road transport ministry will soon make it mandatory for all goods vehicles to have their cargo like city waste covered so that none of the items they carry either protrude from the vehicles or fall out.
the norm will also specify that any vehicle caught violating the norm wont be allowed to do so unless such items are transferred to another vehicle that comply with the rules.
despite the supreme court order and government banning vehicles from carrying rods, pipes or any protruding material beyond the body frame, this norm is being violated openly because of poor enforcement.
one can often find vehicles carrying loose materials such as sand and loose earth without proper cover and as a result these materials fall out of the vehicles.
only imposing fine does not serve the purpose since the menace returns on to the road as soon as the vehicle is back on the road.
so, the rule will specify that the operator has to make alternate arrangement to transfer the items to a covered vehicle, else the vehicle will stand there for days.
that will hit their business and people will mend their behaviour, said road transport secretary y s malik while addressing an event on safe roads by industry body assocham union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari had recently told toithat his ministry will come out with policy making it mandatory for trucks to cover the loose items (pre-cover arrangement) they carry to check air pollution in urban areas.
most municipal bodies dont deploy fully covered vehicles to transport garbage in urban areas and these often becomes a nuisance.
the only solution to the menace is not to allow the vehicle to ply and the legal provisions have to be strict.
we will have the rule in place in next one month, said an official.
meanwhile, nhai and dredging corporation of india (dci) have signed an mou to ensure adequate supply of sand for road construction.
dci, which is looking for dredging at various south-east asian sites, will ensure supplies in the domestic market.
as per the mou, business intermediaries will ship and store this sand at various ports in india and market it within the country, a statement said.
new delhi: a day after city jeweller named gaurav gupta died in the compound of a directorate of revenue intelligence office , the delhi high court stepped in.
justice mukta gupta on thursday ordered the setting up of a medical board at aiims for the autopsy on the plea of the deceaseds mother who has also sought a cbi investigation into the death.
hc also asked the dcp of south district to preserve cctv footage of the dri office and the nearby area, and the shop of gupta, if available.
issuing notices to dri and delhi police, hc gave the probe agency a days time to file a status report explaining its stand and posted the case for hearing on friday.
in her urgent petition, manju gupta alleged that dri officers raided the shop and residence of her son and took him along with them once the raid ended on wednesday.
she also alleged that after some time, a call came from dri demanding rs 1.
5 crore and the officers threatened her to comply if she wanted her son to be spared torture.
the petitioner also claimed that on wednesday itself when guptas elder brother nitingadkari went to the dri office, he was told about his being shifted to a lodhi road hospital.
when nitingadkari reached the hospital, he saw his brother on a stretcher and torture marks on his body, the petitioner alleged.
she further alleged that even after all that, the family wasnt informed about what had happened to gupta; they learnt it from the media.
appearing for the mother, senior advocate kirti uppal and advocate vijay aggarwal demanded an independent investigation into guptas death, pointing towards the suspicious circumstances.
the lawyers also placed before court a copy of the press release issued by dri where it claimed that gupta, from whose shops and residence smuggled goods had been found, ended his life by jumping from the window of the dri offices visitor room.
it claimed that gupta was neither summoned nor arrested and he visited the dri office on his own accord.
the mother also asked for an autopsy by a medical board consisting of eminent doctors from aiims and other private hospitals and added that the body be preserved till the plea is settled.
she also demanded the call records of her son and dri officers preserved for a fair probe.
gurugram: the district will see more infrastructure work in 2018, improving connectivity in the city and boosting public transport.
the new projects to be launched include the construction of an underpass and an elevated highway on sohna-alwar road and a metro line between huda city centre and subhash chowk.
a budget of rs 10,000 crore has been sanctioned for development work in gurgaon.
announcing the projects during a meet with residents in sector 48, gurgaon, on saturday, pwd minister rao narbir singh said, the three underpasses on delhi-gurgaon expressway are to be completed soon and will ease traffic congestion on the highway.
the transportation, too, will improve in the next year, said singh.
a state university will also be launched in gurgaon in april, added the minister.
the work on the elevated highway near village tikri nitingadkari gadkari will begin by march.
the 3-km elevated highway will ease traffic movement on sohna road.
this story is from january 8, 2019cm ashok gehlot with kids at vidhyadhar nagar stadium on mondaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur: chief minister ashok gehlot on monday claimed that the bjp will break up after being voted out of power in the forthcoming parliamentary elections as the party is being hijacked by two individuals.
he said recent statements of bjp union minister nitingadkari gadkari indicated that bjp leaders are disenchanted with the leadership and would desert the party.
people have understood that mere words buy no barley .
no concrete work was done by the saffron party, gehlot told reporters at pcc headquarters, after paying tributes to deceased former state congress president shobha ram.
speaking on the bjp's preparations in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha polls, gehlot said the bjp has money power' but no moral power.
people in bjp have started believing that only two persons - amit shah and narendra modi - are running the show and not the bjp, he said.
he alleged that the bjp gave five years of misrule to the state and failed to fulfil promises it made before coming to power at the centre.
they are exposed.
they could not fulfill any of the promises.
since they have no answers, they started attacking the congress president.
you will see a wave in favour of congress, he claimed.
on the alleged irregularities in loan waiver scheme announed by the previous bjp government that crores of money have been siphoned off in names of farmers who never took loans featured in a list of beneficiaries in dungarpur district, he said it was a scam of the previous bjp government.
he said, his government will look into the alleged scams of the previous bjp government.
this story is from november 13, 2018pm narendra modi in varanasi.
(pti photo)varanasi/ new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on monday received a vessel carrying 16 truckloads of food and beverage consignments in containers at varanasi, which came through ganga from haldia, and termed this as the beginning of a next generation transport network in india.
some historians claim, with this the government has revived water transport for goods carriage through the holy river after almost 150 years.
while inaugurating the country's first multi-modal hub on a river bank, which ensures seamless shifting of cargo from vessels to other modes of transport, modi said, the movement of this container vessel means the eastern uttar pradesh, poorvanchal and country's eastern part have been linked to the bay of bengal.
the government is developing the entire 1,620 km between allahabad and haldia as national waterway-1 , which can be used for transport of goods and passengers throughout the year.
blaming the past governments for neglecting the development of waterways in india, the prime minister said, there was a time when big vessels used to ply on our rivers.
but after independence we neglected these routes rather than develop them.
.
.
the waterway will not only be used for transporting cargo but this will also promote tourism and will also connect the religious places in east india to the east asian countries.
varanasi and other areas in the eastern region will also be popular for cruise tourism.
he added the products including hand loom and textile products from varanai and the nearby regions can be transported to other parts through the waterway.
on the government move to revive the water transport facility, historian prof rana pb singh said, as per english scholar james prinsep, goods transportation through waterway up from kolkata to varanasi and other eastern destinations had remained continued till 1832.
wood, sandalwood, silk, spices and salt were mainly brought to varanasi market by traders through the waterway.
according to historians, with development of road and rail networks followed by construction of malviya bridge in 1887 traders shifted from the water transport for goods carriage, which had been continuing since ancient period.
industrialists and exporters of the region hailed modi for making varanasi a gateway of the first modern water transport system of the country.
rk chawdhary of ramnagar industrial areas estimated that the city would soon become a north india hub for export and import through water route and it will be immensely beneficial for local industrialists and exporters/importers.
mumbai: the state congress , led by former chief minister ashok chavan , on friday asked transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to tender an unconditional apology for his remarks against the defence forces.
at an event organized by the mumbai port trust on thursday, gadkari had obliquely criticized the indian navy for its objection to the construction of floating jetty at malabar hill .
gadkari had observed that the navy was putting road blocks before development projects, and under such circumstances, no land will be given to the defence forces in south mumbai.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant said gadkaris statement that defence personnel focus on the pakistan and china borders, reflects his arrogance and utter disregard for the defence forces.
sawant said it was time cm devendra fadnavis conducted a discreet probe into the floatel proposal and why gadkari was taking keen interest in the project.
it should be probed independently, he said, adding the navy had taken objection to certain developmental projects in south mumbai in view of the citys security, especially after the 26/11 attacks.
this story is from november 4, 2018pm modi will receive this shipment to mark the formal inauguration of the terminaldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
varanasi: prime minister narendra modi is likely to inaugurate two ambitious projects - inter-model terminal at ramnagar on haldia-allahabad national waterway-i on river ganga and ring road phase-i - in his parliamentary constituency on november 12.
furthermore, to mark the formal inauguration of inland waterways authority of india's inter-model terminal at ramnagar on nw-i, a shipment with 2,000 ton beverage of a international cola company had already left kolkata about a fortnight back and has reached near patna.
modi will receive this shipment to mark the formal inauguration of the terminal.
following formal announcement of pm's visit to inaugurate these two mega projects by union minister nitingadkari gadkari through a tweet on saturday, district magistrate surendra singh also confirmed to have received verbal intimation of the proposed visit of modi on november 12.
singh said that presently two events have been proposed in which pm will take part during his proposed visit.
modi will reach ramnagar to inaugurate the terminal by receiving the shipment.
the development of inland water transport is one of the major endeavours of the ministry of shipping.
the phase-1 of jal marg vikas project covers the haldia- varanasi stretch, which is expected to facilitate navigation of commercial vessels with the capacity of 1500-2000 tons.
it has been taken up with the technical and financial assistance of the world bank.
the project includes development of fairway, multi-modal terminals at varanasi, haldia and sahibganj, strengthening of river navigation system, conservancy works, modern river information system (ris), digital global positioning system (dgps), night navigation facilities, modern methods of channel marking, construction of new state of the art navigational lock at farakka.
the development work on nw-1 is expected to drive the economic growth of states like uttar pradesh, bihar, jharkhand and west bengal.
in up, the construction of varanasi (ramnagar) multi-modal terminal, at an estimated cost of rs 170 crore, commenced in august 2016.
the terminal will have cargo handling capacity of 1.
2 mmtpa on completion of phase-1 and will include facilities like berthing space for two vessels, storage area, transit shed, parking areas, and a floating jetty for passenger transportation.
the project will help in de-siltation of the river and will improve water flow through scientific dredging allowing navigable depth upto 2.
3 to 3 meters over a width of 45 meters.
in this project there will be no need to construct barrages on this stretch between varanasi-haldia.
the officials, especially of national highway authority of india, have also geared up preparations for the formal inauguration of ring-road phase-i, which was completed by the agency by september end.
this part of the ring road has connected varanasi-lucknow (nh-56) with varanasi-ghazipur (nh-29) highway.
foundation of second phase of this project, which is being started in two packages to connect nh-29 with kolkata-allahabad (nh-2) highway in chandauli and nh-56 with nh-2 at mohansarai with a budget of rs 1,300 crore, had been laid by president ram nath kovind in march.
this story is from february 15, 2019picture for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: centre is pushing hard to kick start works on three major infrastructure projects in ncr - dwarka expressway, delhi-meerut rapid rail and delhi-mumbai expressway before poll code of conduct kicks in next month.
sources said while the public investment board (pib) has cleared the rrts project costing around rs 32,000 crore, road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday held a meeting with lg anil baijal, chief secretary vijay dev and other senior officials from delhi government and highways ministry on expediting tree cutting permission for dwarka expressway.
his ministry will seek time from pm narendra modi to lay the foundation stone for delhi-mumbai expressway project.
the bone of contention for this much delayed project is the transplantation and felling of about 1,000 trees on 4 km stretch in delhi portion, which is awaiting clearance.
the issue has not been resolved even after principal secretary to prime minister, nripendra mishra, held a meeting with all the officials concerned in november.
this story is from october 28, 2018mumbais mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar (2nd from right) and city mayor nanda jichkar (right) submitted a 20-poi.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendra fadnavis said he would give mayors powers to utilize 10  of the additional revenue brought by them in municipal corporations.
admitting that most of the municipal corporations in maharahstra are facing financial crisis, the cm said the state government has increased financial assistance to urban local bodies to rs5,200 crore per annum as against the earlier allocation of rs1,200 crore since the last four years.
fadnavis, along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari, inaugurated 18th convention of maharashtra mayors council at vanamati on saturday.
it is the second such convention in nagpur, which was hosted by city mayor nanda jichkar.
altogether 20 of the total 27 mayors participated in the convention.
vishwanath mahadeshwar, chairman of the council and mumbai mayor, and jichkar, the councils vice-president, submitted a 20-point charter of demands to fadnavis.
in their speeches, mahadeshwar and jichkar urged the cm to give administrative and financial powers to mayors.
fadnavis assured to look into the councils demands.
all municipal corporations should implement development plan (dp) in an effective manner.
there are self-financing concepts in the dp from which municipal corporations can earn additional revenue, he said.
there are various sources from where additional revenue can be earned and taxes brought down.
i am sure that 40  of the properties are not under the tax net.
also, good revenue can come from regularization of illegal water connections that i did when was mayor, the cm said.
appreciating the council for holding the convention on the theme sustainable development, fadnavis stressed the need for solid and liquid waste management.
there are chances of rise in temperature by 2  all over the world if we fail to launch mitigation measures.
prime minister narendra modi has accepted a plan with target of 2030.
even gadkari has chalked out a plan to convert the entire mobility into electric and biofuel by 2030, he said.
fadnavis said developed countries cause maximum pollution, but at the same time teach developing countries to control the menace.
over 2,100 million litres per day (mld) sewage is being released into sea from mumbai.
we have planned a series of sewage treatment plants.
then we came to know that there were no standards for sewage discharge into the sea.
standards have now been finalized and would be implemented accordingly, he said.
as announced earlier, fadnavis said no space will be made available for dumping of garbage after three years.
directives also have been given to midc for meeting its water requirement from treated sewage.
raw water supply to midc will be stopped completely after three years, he said.
fadnavis urged all mayors to take up electric-run bus projects and assured of help from the state.
gadkari suggested mayors and corporators to think about increasing revenue more than expenditure.
90  of corporators think ways to spend funds instead of bringing additional revenue, he said.
he requested the cm to increase gst grant of municipal corporations stating that the module framed to calculate the grant was improper.
mayors demandsdirect administrative and financial powersincrease in mayor fund of bmc to rs 20crore as against the existing rs7 crore and others to rs10 crore from rs2.
kalyan: three builders from kalyan have been booked for allegedly selling a dead woman's property in kalyan by forging documents.
the plot owner, vanita karbhari , died in 2014 while the plot was sold this year.
her son, nitingadkari , has lodged a complaint at khadakpada police station, accusing the builders - sagarmal jain and his partners chandrakant aher and fatehchand shah - of selling the plot by forging his mother's signature on the sale deed, showing her as alive.
jain could not be reached for comment.
the karbharis own a 20-acre plot which was to be redeveloped by the three builders in 2004, said a police source.
nitin said the family moved court against the builders for failing to hand over the plot in 2015, as per an agreement.
the builder sold around 1,500 sqmt of the plot to another builder by forging documents, said nitin.
mumbai: mrunmayee was a sprightly girl who bounced around the whole day.
her father nitingadkari and mother jayshree finally found a calling for the hyperactive girl when they enrolled her in a rhythmic gymnastics class at the state-government dharavi sports complex dsc ).
jidnyasas aunt also felt that she would do well at rhythmic gymnastics.
her parents did know about gymnastics having watched the olympics on tv.
both mrunmayee and jidnyasa are a small number of children opting for rhythmic gymnastics at the dsc, which is located next to asias biggest slum in dharavi.
dsc sports manager, varsha upadhyay , a former international-level artistic gymnast, feels the sport would be ideal for the profile of the people staying around the complex.
these kids do not have a ground to play and they are prancing around on the streets.
initially when i introduced the sport, i was not sure how the response would be.
but the interest levels took me by surprise, says upadhyay.
also, as opposed to artistic gymnastic, which requires plenty of heavy equipment like balance beam, uneven bars, vault and floor, rhythmic gymnastics requires little equipment like rope, hoop, ball, clubs and ribbon.
it is economically viable for running the sports club.
she says she now has to stop taking more children as she does not have enough hands on deck to coach the youngsters.
i have 200 children for rhythmic gymnastics.
of course, i have other sports like football, table tennis and swimming in the complex but clearly the numbers for rhythmic gymnastics and, of course, football is way too high, says upadhyay.
whats interesting is that the young athletes dont just come to while their time at the dsc rather many have gone on to represent the state or even the country.
not everybody is just happy to find the sport as succour.
some obviously will have the ambition to take it one step further.
some have faced disappointment of missing out on international meets.
i have to console them and tell them their time will come, says upadhyay.
like any institution the dsc needs capital for smooth functioning.
unlike other sporting bodies, upadhyay doesnt believe in letting out the venue for marriages or private parties.
we are a self-funded body.
we dont want to earn money through marriages.
that could lead to damage of our set-up.
plenty of corporates conduct their sports meet and this sports complex gets funded through such means, she says.
another sport that is attracting youngsters is swimming.
we have a pool that is as good as any in the city.
initially, i was apprehensive about throwing open the facilities to the locals but i clearly insisted on basic rules like a shower before and after a pool session, proper costumes.
it did not take them long to realise that these facilities are for them and they use it as best as they can.
i am very proud of them, says upadhyay.
with a steady flow of sports enthusiasts, upadhyay is now keen to upgrade the facilities.
i would like better flooring to teach the gymnasts, she says.
currently the classes for the beginners are held in a hall.
for the senior students, she uses the badminton court.
but the court is basically for badminton so when those players arrive, i have to move out the gymnasts, she explains.
this story is from january 27, 2019raj thackeray with son amit, daughter-in-law mitali and wife sharmiladownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: maharashtra navnirman sena president raj thackeray 's son amit got married to fashion designer mitali borude in a traditional maharashtrian style wedding ceremony, here on sunday afternoon.
the wedding was attended by the who's who of politics, corporate world, film industry, sports, glamour and of course close family members at a five-star hotel.
raj and his wife, sharmila, were seen warmly greeting guests who included his cousin and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, wife rashmi and their son aditya, another cousin brother jaidev thackeray and his family members, and other of the thackeray clan.
incidentally, amit and mitali, both childhood friends, were betrothed on december 11, 2017, which happens to be the wedding anniversary of raj and sharmila.
a steady stream of high-profile guests were seen at the power-packed wedding starting with governor c v rao, chief minister devendra fadnavis , union minister nitingadkari gadkari, maharastra minister pankaja munde and many more.
senior congress leader ahmed patel, who is a close aide of sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi, was also there to bless the young couple.
nationalist congress party supremo sharad pawar, his nephew ajit pawar, and their families also marked their presence.
bharat ratna and cricket icon sachin tendulkar was present with his wife sporting a typical maharashtrian attire, and also renowned singer asha bhosle.
industrialist and philanthropist ratan tata, actor aamir khan, ritesh deshmukh, yesteryear actress sulochana and many big names from the marathi film world also attended the festivities.
raj's daughter urvashi and his daughter-in-law mitali had some time ago launched their own fashion label, the rack.
later on sunday evening, a mega reception was organised in mumbai by the family.
this story is from january 31, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
tirupur: without obtaining permission from the district administration, more than 50 trees were uprooted from the venue in the city where prime minister narendra modi would address a public meeting organized by the bjp on february 10.
bjp president amit shah, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, and union ministers nirmala sitharaman and nitingadkari gadkari will be participating in the meeting.
the public meeting will be held in a 21-acre private land owned by a conventional hall owner on salem-kochi highway at pudhupalayam pirivu in perumanallur panchayat, which is one of the drought-affected areas.
on wednesday, bjp state president tamilisai soundararajan oversaw the preparation work for the meeting.
following her visit, more than 50 trees, especially white bark acacia trees, were uprooted illegally to facilitate the public meeting in the presence of police personnel.
the axed trees were transported in vehicles.
most of the uprooted trees were at least five to six years old.
a revenue official said, though the trees were felled from a private land, it is mandatory that the owner obtain permission from the sub-collector or revenue divisional officer by submitting proper reasons.
importantly, if one tree is uprooted, four tree saplings should be planted to compensate the ecology loss.
when contacted, avinashi tahsildar m vanilakshmi jagathammal said, we were not approached by the landowner or organizers seeking permission for uprooting the trees, as mandated.
bjp tirupur north president r chinnasamy said, the trees were removed by the landowner and not by our party.
we heard that the owner may construct a building after the completion of the public meeting.
moreover, our party has decided to plant tree saplings to compensate the uprooted trees, if the landowner permits.
meanwhile, the party has been planning to mobilize at least 2 lakh people for the meeting, which they believe will help to show their strength in western tamil nadu.
the state unit of bjp is expecting that the central government may announce few developmental projects for the region in the meeting to win over more seats in the state.
he said methanol gets made from coal and costs only rs 22 per litre as against the prevailing price of about rs 80 per litre for petrol and added that china is making the coal byproduct for rs 17 per litre itself.
the costs will go down, pollution will go down, the union minister said.
he said factories in and around mumbai, including deepak fertilisers and rashtriya chemicals and fertilisers (rcf), can generate methanol.
the union minister said ethanol should also be used more widely and said that he has suggested his cabinet colleague in-charge of the petroleum ministry to look at this rather than building petrol refineries that cost over rs 70,000 crore.
50 lakh crore.
he reiterated his concerns on the traffic growth because of a 22 per cent rise in car sales annually and expressed a desire to focus less on roads because of this.
on the road works, he said the government has reached 28 per day and plans to accelerate this further to 40 kms soon.
in fy18, it will increase the total number of road projects awarding to 20,000 km from the year ago's 16,000 km, he said, adding that rs 7 lakh crore worth projects have been awarded by his ministry since he took charge in 2014.
gadkari expressed concern over the speed of projects under the defence ministry-led borders roads organisation and added that his ministry has started the the national highways and infrastructure development corporation for the same.
the newly formed company will be undertaking works worth rs 1.
5 lakh crore in strategically important locations like north east india, he said.
the government is targeting to increase the the total amount of works awarded by the nhidcl to 3,000 km in fy18, up from 800 km in fy17, he said.
this story is from february 10, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ludhiana: due to the delay in the completion of six-lane project on national highway 44 (panipat to delhi), the deputy commissioner (dc) pardeep agrawal will recommend action against private company soma isolux by stopping toll tax collection by the company.
in the meeting of unified metropolitan transport authority (umta) on saturday, the issue of incomplete portion of bridges on national highway was raised and the deputy commissioner claimed he will write against the company to national highway authority of india (nhai) and ministry of road transport and highways for action.
the six-lane project was launched during late prime minister atal bihari vajpayees tenure and is still incomplete.
the dc claimed that many people are facing problems due to traffic congestion on this road and several political parties have also raised the matter with him.
he claimed that the company should not be allowed to recover toll tax from general public when they have failed to complete the work in the given time period.
recently, even the sad district president ranjit dhillon had submitted a letter to union minister nitingadkari gadkari over this issue.
in the letter to gadkari, it was mentioned that there has been no progress in the project at various points passing through ludhiana, including the bridges from giaspura to basti jodhewal due to which people face a lot of traffic problems.
since nobody from nhai was present, another meeting will be conducted with them in the coming days to arrive at a conclusion.
this story is from january 11, 2019concor vessel that set sail for tuticorin from kandla on thursdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
rajkot: waterways transport in india is all set for a revolution and has potential to bring down logistics cost by 4  that will propel exports by 30 , union minister for shipping, road transport and water resources nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday.
gadkari kicked off container corporation of indias (concor) maiden containers voyage through coastal shipping from kandla to tuticorin port via mangalore and cochin through video conferencing here.
he said that the easing of policies has resulted in arresting 30  of colombo-bound containers.
concor said that the foray into coastal move is aimed at strengthening the infrastructure along the west coast to start with and further extend to east coast.
container shipping operations envisage deployment of two vessel each of 22,000 dwt (dead weight tonnage) capable of carrying about 700 containers (twenty foot equivalent units).
there will be weekly service from kandla port via mangalore, cochin and tuticorin, concor said.
the share of coastal shipping (in movement of cargo) in china is 24 , germany 11  and in usa it is 9  but in india it is barely 4.
5 to 5 per cent.
.
.
.
massive works are underway to develop waterways which many thought was a dream only.
in the first phase, with west coast operation, concor is expecting a million tonnes of cargo per annum besides anotehr million tonnes by starting east coast operations.
after consolidation of concor's position in western sector, concor proposes to further expand the services in the eastern sector also duly connecting ports like kattupalli, vishakhapatnam, gangavaram, krishnapatnam, paradip and haldia with tuticorin as a hub for east and west coasts, it said.
this story is from december 15, 2018ace drummer sivamani performs in the khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav at ishwar deshmukh college of physical educat.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: it was an evening of lilting melodies and grooving rhythm as flautist rakesh chaurasia and percussionist sivamani enchanted the audience at khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav being held at ishwar deshmukh college of physical education, on friday.
union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mlc anil sole, mla sudhakar kohale, anand raut, madhur pande, sanjay gupta and micky arora were present, besides thousands of spectators, at the event titled fusion.
chaurasia, accompanied by drummer gino banks, bass guitarist sheldon dsilva, tabla player satyajeet talwalkar, vocalist and keyboard player sangeet haldipur and guitarist sanjay das, kick-started the evening with musical performances like runway, raag yaman and night in heaven.
each artiste performed solo which received thunderous claps from the audience.
haldipur enthralled the audience with his soulful rendition of ranjish hi sahi, followed by the crowd favourites solos on drums by banks, tabla by talwalkar and guitar by d'silva.
chaurasia and das then presented a medley of bollywood songs like hothon se chhu lo tum, tum itna jo muskura rahe ho, aaj jaane ki zid na karo, tum pukaar lo, chand mera dil, chhu kar mere mann ko, pal pal dil ke paas, neele neele ambar par and kabhi alvida na kehna that made the audience sway heads in nostalgia.
the performance concluded with the presentation of funky monkey.
sivamani overwhelmed the crowd with his solo set that lasted close to an hour.
his kit included offbeat instruments like water jars and stray things lying around.
his interaction with the spectators had them engaged throughout, creating a soundscape of various rhythms.
the show culminated into a huge burst of energy that was created by sivamanis aura and his expertise.
famous for his drumming stints during ipl cricket championships in 2008 and 2010, he gained major recognition through his role as noted music composer and producer ar rahmans lead percussionist.
this story is from january 27, 2019file photomake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: union minister nitingadkari gadkari sunday said political leaders who sell dreams to people but fail to make them a reality get beaten up by the public.
the minister, who handles a host of infrastructure-related portfolios in the modi government, asserted he is a doer and delivers on his promises.
people like (political) leaders who sell them dreams.
i am not the one who only sells dreams, but i deliver 100 per cent what i talk about, he said.
gadkari, a former bjp president, also spoke about his stint as maharashtra 's pwd minister when the shiv sena-bjp government was in power (1995-99) in the state.
the mediapersons in mumbai know what kind of a person i am as they have seen how i complete projects.
they do trust me, said the 61-year-old politician from nagpur.
people used to laugh at me when i, as pwd minister, used to claim that i was going to build over 50 flyovers in mumbai, and bring down the travel time between mumbai and pune to merely two hours (via 91-km expressway).
at the function, bollywood actor isha koppikar joined the bjp and was made working president of the party's women transport wing.
the remarks had come days after the bjp's dismal show in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh assembly elections.
the meet was embroiled in a controversy after an invitation to writer nayantara sahgal was withdrawn apparently under pressure from a political party.
the people who are in universities, educational institutions, literature and poetry, they should be dealing with their (respective) areas.
this story is from february 11, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: gearing up for the ensuing lok sabha elections, union ministers and senior leaders of the bjp will descend on tamil nadu to expand the party's support base and devise strategies to make inroads into dravidian land.
from bjp president amit shah to senior minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister of up yogi adityanath, the leaders will interact with party functionaries and address public meetings.
they will meet like-minded people, representatives and influential persons from different spectrum of society to garner support for the party and help it put up a good show in the forthcoming elections.
tamil nadu has always proved a tough poll terrain for the bjp.
it was under atal behari vajpayee's reign (1999-2004) that the party in alliance with aiadmk and dmk fared well.
the bjp has identified the dominant communities and deciding factors in each region and fixed meetings with various caste leaders.
shah would visit erode and ramanathapuram on february 14 and 22 respectively.
apart from interacting with the party functionaries, he would meet a handful of representatives from the fisher community from nagapattinam , sivaganga and ramnathapuram districts.
shah would meet the owners of textile and other industries from erode and surrounding districts.
it will help us to understand the needs and expectations of the industrialists and also give an opportunity to understand their perspective of our party, said bjp state secretary m puratchikavidasan.
citing prime minister narendra modi's message to party functionaries to focus on first-time voters, who will play a crucial role in the poll outcome, leaders would also meet the members of the youth and the women's wing to boost their morale.
we are focusing on intermediate caste representatives (obc) following the party's announcement of 10  reservation.
we are hoping to capitalise on it, a state-level functionary in madurai region where union minister of law and justice ravi shankar prasad would interact with influential persons from the intermediate caste on february 15.
he will have a similar programme in vellore on february 14 and will meet industrialists from the leather sector and representative from msmes.
this story is from february 5, 2019                      https://t.
co/r5opy20318  nitingadkari gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) 1549280560000                      https://t.
co/rvphjgqsuy  nitingadkari gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) 1549280561000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday lashed out at rahul gandhi and said he hoped the congress chief would talk responsibly and with better understanding instead of claiming that the minister had been critical of the government.
gadkari's comment came hours after rahul complimented the minister, saying he was the only member of the cabinet with the guts to speak freely and should comment on farmer distress and destruction of institutions.
the difference between our dna and of congress is that we have faith in constitutional institutions.
your efforts are not yielding results.
modiji will again become the prime minister and we will take the country forward.
but i hope in future you will talk responsibly and with better understanding, he said.
earlier, rahul had tweeted, gadkariji, compliments!
you are the only one in the bjp with some guts.
please also comment on: 1.
the rafale scam and anil ambani 2.
farmers' distress 3.
destruction of institutions.
this story is from december 20, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: the mundhwa police on wednesday arrested a father-son duo running a car wash centre on charges of negligence following the death of an employee due to electrocution.
the victim, manoj alias arvind laxman jadhav (36), was electrocuted while washing a customers car at the centre located near lonkar school in mundhwa around 1.
30pm on monday.
originally from solapur , jadhav was living with his family on rent at sarvodaya colony in mundhwa.
the employers, ahmed shaikh (38) and his son arbaz (20), from ganganagar in phursungi, were produced before the pune cantonment court and remanded in magisterial custody.
they were later released on bail.
the police also booked the owner of the washing centre, govind lonkar.
sub-inspector amit walke of the mundhwa police station told toi that jadhav received a severe electric shock while washing the car with a water pipe.
he collapsed and was rushed to a nearby hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.
in its advance post-mortem report, sassoon hospital has certified the cause of jadhavs death as evidence of electric injury and has preserved his viscera for a chemical analysis, he said.
walke said the police could not ascertain whether jadhav received a shock from the water pipe or its nozzle.
we will send a letter to the state electricity board to examine both the pipe and the nozzle and identify the fault which led to jadhavs death.
we will seek a detailed report from the electricity board, which will be submitted as evidence in the chargesheet against the shaikhs, he said.
walke said that while they had initially registered a complaint of accidental death, investigations revealed negligence on the part of the shaikhs.
we also booked lonkar as he too did not ensure the safety of the employees.
the shaikhs, in their defence, claimed they were not in the shop when jadhav was electrocuted, he added.
jadhavs cousin, nitingadkari , who also works at the washing centre, told toi over the phone from solapur, four of us had complained to the shaikhs that jadhav had received minor electric shocks five days before he was electrocuted.
we told them about electric sparks flying out of the switchboard.
jadhav had also suffered an electric shock from the nozzle.
however, the shaikhs did not take serious note of the incident.
they called a private electrician who checked the switchboard and left without replacing the faulty wires.
nitin said, jadhav died because of our employers negligence.
he had been working at the centre since the last two-and-a-half years and was being paid rs 10,000 a month.
he was the sole earning member of his family.
his parents, wife, son and daughter were dependent on him.
the shaikhs have assured to pay a compensation to his family.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the government wont revise the toll fee of cars and other small vehicles.
highways minister nitingadkari gadkari last week rejected the option suggested by a consultancy firm, which was engaged by his ministry, to increase user fee for these vehicles citing that the charges are higher in other countries.
the ministry has engaged a global consultancy firm to come out with a proposal to revamp the nh fee rules, which specifies the rate for different types of vehicles.
sources said in its presentation before gadkari and senior ministry officials, the consultancy firm had highlighted the need to reduce toll charges for three-axle and multi-axle vehicles (mavs) to bring down the logistics cost and also to introduce the provision of reducing user fee on any tolled road in case of poor maintenance besides penalising cash users for entering dedicated lanes meant for vehicles with smart electronic tag.
the overall maintenance condition could be assessed by considering the surface quality, encroachment, lighting and incident management.
it has also suggested exempting the electric vehicles from paying toll for five years to boost electric mobility in the country, a provision which the ministry had also suggested as a non-fiscal incentive to ev owners.
while some of the provisions proposed in their presentation are good and user-friendly, there is hardly any time left for modifying the rules before the poll dates are announced, said an official.
however, he said amending the rules was a long overdue and particularly because of the increased focus of the government to go for electronic tolling system.
this story is from november 26, 2018picture for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: several researchers have stressed on the importance of bridge-cum-check dams, which combine road-building with water conservation.
with rainfall pattern becoming unpredictable and construction of big dams becoming difficult, water conservation seems to be the only solution.
the researchers who have pitched for water conservation include cp joshi, secretary (public works), rk ingle, ss bhonge, ss sahture, mi sheikh, vinay deshpande , balasaheb theng, hitendra chandewar, vd patil and others.
the national highways authority of india (nhai) is constructing 100 bridge-cum-check dams in the state on the orders of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari .
the public works department ( pwd ) is also building such structures.
the paper presented by cp joshi and others states that these structures have been used to tap post monsoon flow to create storage not exceeding 3.
5 metre.
the storage is created by fixing gates between check dam piers to tap last flow.
stored water is used for drinking and irrigation it enhances the groundwater, which is then available for irrigation as well as for drinking purposes.
surplus percolated water out of irrigation activity again joins the river, which is tapped and reused for irrigation.
such stored water can be used for artificial recharging of the nearby bore wells as well as open wells, it says.
balasaheb theng and others have suggested another type of water conservation.
the requirement of soil needed for road construction should be met by digging and desilting ponds, their paper says.
the agencies responsible for construction of highways should approach the concerned district collector to obtain a list of ponds which need desiltation and areas where new ponds are to be dug.
the gram panchayats and revenue department should not charge royalty on the soil excavated by the road agencies.
however, the contractor should not be allowed to sell the soil thus excavated.
theng and his colleagues have also highlighted the advantages of water conservation in their paper.
this story is from january 27, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: after last years row over rahul gandhis seating, the congress president was accorded a front row placement at saturdays republic day parade next to minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari with whom he could be seen engaged in cordial discussion.
while rahul was in the front row, leader of opposition in rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad, was in the second.
last year, both had been placed in the sixth row, sparking a controversy as congress protested the seating arrangement which it said was a deliberate put down.
government had then said there was no protocol violation and that even the leader of opposition was usually placed several rows back.
however, there seems to have been a re-look at arrangements and rahul was on the front row with gadkari.
in the past, an exception has been made for congress leader sonia gandhi who has been given a seat in the front row.
congress leaders, however, said party presidents have always been seated in the front row at rajpath.
the seemingly easy conversation between rahul and gadkari also attracted attention given the bitter exchanges usually traded by bjp and congress.
the seating arrangements are worked out by the defence ministry.
bjp chief amit shah and home minister rajnath singh were also on the front row.
this story is from november 24, 2018pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar.
tender process to widen ponda-old goa road to start by december end, says ramkrishna dhavalikardownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ponda: there is relief for light vehicles and two-wheelers as union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has agreed to allow them to continue using the goa-karnataka national highway 4a stretch from ramnagar to goa border at anmod until an alternative road is ready for use.
however, all heavy vehicles would have to follow the alternative route notified by karnataka on november 19.
speaking to toi from nagpur, pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar said gadkari has agreed to make the forest road between mollem and khanapur motorable before taking up the work of upgrading the 9km stretch between ramnagar and anmod.
he is in nagpur to attend indian road congress conclave.
transport ministers from all states and union territories are attending the conclave.
dhavalikar said he spoke to gadkari about several other pending proposals and most have been cleared by the union minister.
karnatakas decision to close the road for all vehicles had created panic among the commuters as the alternative route was time and fuel consuming.
locals and motorists had been demanding that the alternative road should be repaired before closing the national highway.
considering the demand, dhavalikar raised the matter with the union minister.
the state transport minister said tender process for widening the road between ponda and old goa , including construction of new six-lane bridge will start by december end.
the detailed project report (dpr) of the project has been completed, he said.
he said officials have been asked to prepare a dpr of baitakhol-borim to curti bypass road and finalise the road alignment from char rasta to dramapur-navelim.
dhavalikar his department will finalise the alignment of the road from goa border to mollem and move file for necessary green clearances.
since there are several private forests along mollem to khandepar road, the minister said his department will contact office-based in bengaluru for the permission.
this story is from january 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: a team of punjab health department , along with gurugram cops and district health officials, busted an interstate sex determination racket in the city on monday.
four people were arrested for allegedly carrying out sex determination at a private clinic in shivali nagar of old gurgaon.
an fir has been registered against the accused.
the raid followed a tip-off received by dr raju dhir of the punjab health department, about a racket operating out of gurugram, where people from punjab are sent for sex determination.
based on this, health departments of both states jointly formed a team.
the team tracked down some people in punjab, with whom the accused were in touch.
one of our team members called in as a customer and asked for a sex determination procedure.
the accused agreed and demanded rs 35,000.
the accused then asked the customer to reach gurugram at night, where the procedure would be carried out, said a team member.
the team reached the city on monday night, where they were met by a team from gurugram, sent by chief medical officer b k rajora, who was alerted in advance by the team from punjab.
the accused took them to the ultrasound clinic in shivaji nagar, where they were arrested red-handed by cops.
identified as satish, devender, nitingadkari and gopal, the accused used to call people in punjab to get sex determination done in the city.
while satish and devender used to look for customers in punjab, gopal used to tie-up with ultrasound clinics to carry out the procedure, while nitingadkari used to take the customers to the clinic.
sources said the accused never entertained requests of sex determination from haryana residents.
the four could be nabbed successfully because of proper coordination between different departments, said a senior district health department official.
this story is from january 7, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: congress has flayed union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for not fulfilling his promise of shifting the mansar toll plaza to manegaon.
residents of ramtek travelling to nagpur have to pay toll as a result.
in the meeting held on last wednesday, bjp mla from ramtek dm reddy raised the issue but in vain.
gadkari had made the same promise in 2015 too.
why is bjp not raising the issue vehemently?
this means they are favouring the toll operator at the cost of citizens, said yadav.
according to him, the then congress mp mukul wasnik had directed the then district collector saurabh rao in august 2013 to find out whether the mansar toll plaza was illegal.
a meeting was held in raos office a week later in which officials of national highways authority of india (nhai) were present.
a joint measurement was done in november 2013 in which it was found that the toll plaza should be located near mansar police post, which is beyond the road for ramtek.
this was conveyed to nhai officials.
rao directed nhai and its contractor oriental to shift the plaza but they ignored it.
yadav claimed that in may 2017, the local nhai office sent a proposal to its head office to shift the toll plaza but it is yet to be approved.
he questioned the sincerity of gadkari in fulfilling his promise.
kolkata: the scramble between political parties to claim swami vivekanandas legacy ended with blood being spilled on the streets of north and central kolkata on friday, with trinamool congress and bjp supporters clashing at least four times barely 500 metres from the spiritual leaders ancestral home on his 155th birth anniversary.
the clashes turned parts of pathuriaghata and central avenue into a war zone and cast a shadow on the already fraught relations between the bjp-led centre and the trinamool-led state.
the state bjp demanded presidents rule in bengal and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari cancelled his visit to the bengal governments annual showpiece event, the bengal global business summit, which starts next tuesday.
the street fights also attracted calcutta high courts notice after its special officer, rabi shankar datta, submitted that his car was vandalised and he sustained minor injuries near mohammad ali park at 11.
15 am.
the hc had appointed datta to oversee the bjp yuva morcha motorbike rally after giving its nod.
the court on friday directed the bjp youth wing to suspend its programme for two days and resume it on january 15.
the court also directed the judicial magistrate and its special officer to jointly supervise the rally from january 15.
the bjym had planned its motorbike rally, pratirodh sankalpa abhiyan, to coincide with swami vivekanandas birth anniversary and was originally scheduled to start on friday from contai in east midnapore and end in cooch behar in north bengal on january 18.
bjp state president dilip ghosh was scheduled to join the rally from swami vivekanandas ancestral home.
tension had been building up from thursday, when bjp supporters reached binani bhavanfor fridays rally.
trinamool toughs surrounded the building after they came to know we would be staying there.
on friday, 40-45 men arrived and slapped us, vandalised bikes and locked us in the building, bjp worker somnath das said.
but trinamool minister sashi panja said bjp supporters were harassing local women.
they were hurling abuses and brandishing lathis, panja said.
the second round began after bjp supporters came in hordes to rescue their colleagues.
trinamool supporters initially beat a retreat and bjp workers went on a rampage.
several passersby and residents were injured.
the mayhem continued for about 50 minutes, till a huge police force from jorabagan came and restored peace.
another clash occurred near kalabagan on central avenue when trinamool supporters on mg road tried to resist the bike brigade.
bjp state president ghosh called off the programme and staged a dharna near gandhi statue.
he briefed national president amit shah about the incident.
we started the rally with the courts go-ahead, but the ruling party did not pay heed even to the court order.
the state does not deserve any courtesy or cooperation from the centre.
union minister gadkari will not be coming for the bgbs.
the situation calls for presidents rule, he said.
a bjp delegation later called on governor keshari nath tripathi.
education minister partha chatterjee called the bjps hullabaloo a bid to hit the headlines.
it is unfortunate that they chose swami vivekanandas birthday for this political drama, chatterjee said.
the bgbs is being organised by the state and gadkari is a union minister.
politics shouldnt have come in the way of relations between governments, he added.
this story is from january 30, 2019the golden jubilee celebration of dr madhukarrao wasnik pws college was held on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
it is the era of entrepreneurs who can create jobs through their innovation.
colleges and schools must impart them such education that can convert knowledge into wealth in addition to the traditional education, he said.
gadkari further added the phd and dlit degrees will become redundant if students have the right technical knowledge to support their careers.
he also promised to grant funds to college for their solar panels installation that would save a monthly electricity bill of rs50,000.
gadkari was addressing an enthusiastic gathering of students and alumni at the golden jubilee celebration of dr madhukarrao wasnik pws arts and commerce college at their kamptee road premises on tuesday morning.
he was seated with a glitzy panel consisting of founder director madhukarrao wasnik, monk bhadant nagarjun arya surai sasai, mp datta meghe, senior academician vedprakash mishra and mla dr milind mane.
gadkari spoke about the necessity of skill development in students with view of satisfying the increasing demand of professionals in mihan.
i had vowed to create 50,000 jobs in five years in mihan, and today there are 23,000 people working.
companies like boeing and airbus have started their assembly factories in mihan and would be requiring more workforce in the next two years for assembly of dassault falcon aircraft.
for this, students skills need to be developed and polished, said gadkari.
he also motivated students to choose the field of research, citing it to be important for future.
the waste material remaining after producing sugar is great for making hand-wash, face-wash and detergents.
those products are now worth crores of rupees in market.
this was possible because there was ready research available.
students must take up science and research as their careers, he added.
by the end of his speech, gadkari recalled a few light hearted stories from his college days and advised students to hold on to their bonds.
people sitting here are all my college friends and over the years nothing has changed between us.
the friendship you make in college days lasts a lifetime, he said.
this story is from october 30, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: the entire 135km stretch of kundli-manesar-palwal (kmp) expressway  also known as western peripheral expressway  may not be formally opened to traffic on november 1, the day chosen by the government to coincide with haryana diwas celebrations.
officials said chief minister manohar lal khattar is keen that the second portion of the road  83km from kundli to manesar  is inaugurated by the pm and had recently visited the pmo to invite narendra modi.
but the cm was told modi would not be available on november 1, the sources said.
it was then proposed that he would remotely inaugurate the expressways opening from delhi.
but the cm is keen to have the pms participation in the inauguration, and hence the launch is likely to happen later in november, said a state government official.
the state government is under pressure to open the expressway soon in a bid to bring down the number of vehicles that passes through delhi and reduce pollution levels in the capital.
a trial run could be organised on november 6, following which the expressway will be thrown open for traffic, said the official.
once it becomes functional, the expressway will divert a significant volume of traffic, especially trucks, from the capital, reducing congestion on its roads and pollution levels.
the team that handles the kmp project was called to chandigarh for a meeting on monday morning.
however, the meeting was later rescheduled.
officials said though the highway could be opened anytime in november, some work was still pending.
theres some pending work like installation of streetlights.
it will take another 30-45 days to complete that, said an hsiidc official on condition of anonymity.
police have been asked to make arrangements to patrol the highway.
haryana has missed several deadlines to inaugurate the 135-km-long expressway, which is being built at a cost of rs 4,000 crore.
work on the expressway started in 2006 and was allotted to concessionaire kmp expressway limited with a completion date of july 2009.
but as it failed to deliver on time, the agreement was cancelled on court orders.
the project was re-launched under the khattar government.
the 52km manesar-palwal stretch was inaugurated last year by union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
nagpur: the citys ambitious plans of giving a facelift to futala lake with world- class infrastructure might cause permanent damage to not just the water body but the groundwater table as far as sitabuldi too, warns the national environmental engineering research institute (neeri).
the expert institute has also forewarned that road construction inside bharat van will create an ecological imbalance.
in a recent interview with toi, union minister nitingadkari gadkari had stated that the musical fountain at telangkhedi lake was his dream project.
under this project, mahametro will be building an elevated viewing gallery which will stretch across the futala waterfront.
apart from this, the government has also proposed to construct a convention centre on the land belonging to dr panjabrao deshmukh krishi vidyapeeth (pdkv).
most of this planned construction will take place in the lakes catchment area which, according to neeri, can have adverse impacts.
construction activities in the catchment area can reduce the flow of water into the lake, the institute has warned.
not only this, the construction can also lead to groundwater depletion.
the area available for recharge of groundwater may also decrease, leading to reduced recharge of aquifer, stated neeri.
aquifer is a saturated zone beneath the water table and is a huge storehouse for groundwater.
chopping off trees in bharat nagar, which also falls in the catchment area of the lake, too will damage the biodiversity.
amphibian diversity drops by 50  for every 63 square meters per hectare tree cutting, it stated.
neeri was replying to the queries related to citys environmental issues put forth by the ngo paryavaran prerana vidarbha.
the organizations president sharad paliwal, along with members anasuya kale chhabrani, ritesh tahilyani, jayshree joshi and others have raised concerns over the environmental damage which is all set to cause due to construction in catchment areas.
futala lake and its bund is a grade-i heritage precinct and members fear that construction might damage the embankment too.
in a letter written to the organization, neeri director rakesh kumar and senior principal scientist and head of directors research cell atya kapley also highlighted the environmental impacts of the proposed road in bharat van.
toi has been continuously reporting that the 500-meter-long proposed road, which will pass through a lush green mini-forest owned by pdkv in bharat nagar, threatens to destroy one of the few biodiversity areas remaining in the city.
however, as per the scientists, the damage will be much more.
at least 200 age-old trees are proposed to be felled for the upcoming road.
if this happens, an imbalance will be created in various ecological parameters.
trees regulate prevention of soil erosion.
cutting them may lead to dumping of more soil (silting) in the futala lake, neeri stated.
building the road will also affect the recharge of groundwater in the area.
construction activities can lead to reduction in water flow into the aquifer which might be connected to the lake and many other channels, neeri said.
according to nagpurs honorary wildlife warden jaydeep das, disturbance groundwater table in bharat van will affect other areas too.
bharat van is a part of the lakes overflowing area and thus protects the groundwater.
it is because of this green patch that groundwater is available in good quantity in distant areas like sitabuldi and civil lines, he said.
neeri has stressed that conserving groundwater has become a necessity even from meteorological point of view.
the citys rainfall is not very consistent.
moreover, the increasing heat is leading to more evaporative losses compared to other colder cities.
thus, recharging groundwater becomes even more important, it stated.
ghaziabad: four persons were arrested on sunday for allegedly murdering a tanker water supplier in sahibabad area on december 19.
the body of the 43-year-old water supplier, satendra alias kalu, a resident of karheda, was found with his throat slit and other stab wounds in a vacant plot behind the hindon air force station on december 20.
the main accused has been identified as satendra alias bholu, who is alleged to have plotted the murder over a dispute pertaining to a piece of land.
according to police, bholu owns a parcel of land near karheda village which adjoins the farmlands belonging to kalus family.
police said bholu wanted to sell his land by carving plots out of it and wanted to construct an approach road through the farmlands belonging to kalus family.
however, kalu was unwilling to arrive at a consensus with his siblings who were willing to divide the farmland among themselves.
since kalu was unwilling to divide his familys farmlands, bholu found it impossible to sell plots carved on his land.
bholu hatched the conspiracy with the help of a woman friend who has been identified as monika sharma.
she hired two contract killers with the promise to pay them rs 2 lakh for the murder.
in order to erase the crime trail, she had purchased a sim card from ashok nagar in delhi using identity proofs of her son nitin.
she had given the sim card to the hired assassins who used it to invite kalu to the place where they eventually killed him, said ssp hari narayan singh.
the assassins, identified as salman of shahdara, delhi and ash mohammed of loni, had invited kalu over to the scene of crime on the pretext of discussing a water supply contract.
vx dbvddownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: with only three days remaining in february there is negligible chance of nagpur metro beginning commercial operation this month.
in a press conference held on february 11, mahametro managing director brijesh dixit had said that nagpur metro would be ready for commercial operations by february 26.
however, this is not possible because commissioner of metro rail safety ( cmrs ) is yet to inspect the project.
a source in mahametro said that cmrs was yet to intimate the date of inspection.
the commissioner and his team will visit the city twice for inspecting the project, once for rolling stock (coaches) and next for track and stations.
he will take at least two to three days for issuing the certificate after the second inspection, he added.
gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis want the commercial run to be flagged off by prime minister narendra modi.
it is evident this will only be possible if the elections are announced in the second week of march or later.
cmrs inspection apart, mahametro itself is not ready for commercial operations.
five out of the eight stations that will be operational initially are still not ready.
cmrs gives a green signal only if the stations have all necessary passenger amenities.
metro officials are unable to provide a date by which the work will be over.
secondly, mahametro does not have rolling stock for operating on two stretches.
at present it has three trains  two leased from hyderabad metro and a new one from china.
it needs four trains for operating on up and down lines of sitabuldi to khapri and lokmanya nagar to subhash nagar stretches.
commenting on this, the source said, we will run two trains on sitabuldi-khapri stretch and a single one on the other.
three more coaches are expected from china in a week or so and they will be immediately pressed into service.
according to another official, mahametro had given the deadline of march end for completing sitabuldi to khapri and lokmanya nagar to subhash nagar stretches to central government.
the deadline has been advanced by a month on directives of gadkari and fadnavis, he said.
gadkari used his good offices with railway minister piyush goyal to get the research design and standards organization (rdso) certificate issued in three days.
however, he could not arrange cmrs inspection immediately after that.
according to metro officials, cmrs who also inspects indian railways projects is on tour checking other projects elsewhere.
113 public ponds were cleaned and 156 revived under ente kulam project in 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kochi: ernakulam district has grabbed the second position among south indian states in central government's national water award 2018 for rehabilitation and revival of water sources.
madurai got the first place in the category which included districts from andhra pradesh, telangana, tamil nadu kerala , karnataka, goa, pondicherry and lakshadweep.
union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari will confer the award on district collector k mohammed y safirulla at constitutional club, delhi, on monday.
the water-protection measures undertaken by the district for reviving ponds, lakes and other waterbodies over the last two years were considered for the award.
rainwater harvesting projects by the district were also considered for the award.
around 113 public ponds were cleaned and 156 public ponds were revived under a 100-pond revival project that was implemented with public participation in the district in 2018.
monitored directly by the district collector, the project was implemented under the haritha keralam mission through local self-government bodies, anbodu kochi , nss technical cell, water resources department, suchitwa mission, nehru yuva kendra and kudumbashree.
the project received csr funds from cochin shipyard.
around 50  of the ponds in the district are maintained by local bodies, and cleaning is done in the summer so that it could be readied by the rains, said sujith karun, district officer, haritha keralam.
in 2018 under the nrega project 'jala samrudhi', 150 new ponds were dug up in the district during april, may and june.
in the same year, storage of 4,812 lakh litres was achieved through the project.
the ente kulam project is the one of the main drought-mitigation programme implemented by the district administration and also one of the most successful initiatives of large-scale water conservation methods undertaken in ernakulam.
the initiative began in 2016 with the district administration tying up with ngo anbodu kochi to revive the ponds that were drying up for want of proper attention.
representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the inter-modal station (ims) at ajni, a pet project of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari , is all set for take off with standing finance committee of union ministry of road transport and highways (morth) sanctioning rs1,000 crore for it on friday.
sources in national highways authority of india (nhai) said that the tender would be floated on monday and the bhoomipuja was likely to take place on february 28.
nhai will build an integrated bus, rail and metro station in ajni.
as nagpur metro will link the city airport to the station, it will have air connectivity in effect.
under the project, ajni railway station would be modernized.
a bus terminal having 400 bays would be constructed and mahametros congress nagar station would be integrated into the structure.
the cost of the project is around rs1,600 crore and it will be spread over 445 acres.
the pre-feasibility study done in early 2017 had found the project to be viable.
a huge multi-level underground parking with a capacity of 3,600 cars will be built.
a large number of spacious waiting rooms will be constructed.
a private party will build hotels (budget as well as high-end), commercial complexes, food court etc at the station.
nhai plans to acquire land belonging to ajni railway colony, medical staff colony and central jail for the project.
the state government plans to build a new jail near mouda.
a special purpose vehicle (spv) with representation of nhai, ministry of railways, mahametro, state government entities like pwd, maharashtra state road transport corporation (msrtc) and nagpurs civic bodies will be formed for executing the project.
the private partner will invest rs450 crore.
ims is being constructed only in two cities of the country  nagpur and varanasi.
the orange city has been chosen due to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari while varanasi is prime minister narendra modis constituency.
nagpur ims is being built with an eye on future.
nhai envisages that 3.
5 lakh people will use the facility by 2050.
the project had got delayed due to differences between nhai and central railway (cr) officials.
nhai needs 75 acre land of cr.
railway facilities need to shifted for acquiring this land and nhai was to help cr in identifying the alternate land.
this story is from february 8, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: upa chairperson sonia gandhi and her congress colleague mallikarjun kharge on thursday joined bjp members in applauding nitingadkari gadkari for his performance as union road transport and highways minister.
soon after gadkari completed his reply during question hour amid thumping of desks by bjp members, party mp from madhya pradesh ganesh singh stood up and suggested to the speaker that the house should appreciate the wonderful work being carried out by the minister.
at this, sonia, who all through was patiently listening to gadkari and was often seen nodding in response to his replies, smiled and started thumping the desk as a sign of appreciation.
soon, all congress members, including kharge, followed suit.
although sonia and kharge displayed their appreciation in response to an appeal by ganesh singh, their gesture may not be seen solely through the non-partisan prism because of congresss attempt to prop up gadkari as a counterweight to pm narendra modi the adulation of congress leaders followed rahul gandhi certifying gadkari as a man of courage as well as congress pouncing upon the ministers statements to embarrass the modi government and the bjp leadership.
congresss interest in gadkari has failed to amuse the minister who was seen chatting animatedly with rahul during the r-day parade.
he responded to the congress chiefs endorsement by saying that he needed no certificate from rahul.
he has also accused the media of distorting his statements.
but that has neither deterred congress from using his shoulders to take potshots at the modi government, nor dampened the speculation about his strained equations with the bjp leadership.
in fact, the buzz that he might replace modi should bjps tally drop below 200 seats has only escalated.
i feel privileged that all mps, cutting across political affiliations, say that good and maximum work has been carried out in their respective constituencies.
these are good compliments.
there were reports in august last year that sonia had written to gadkari thanking him for his positive response to road issues she had raised relating to her constituency rae bareli in uttar pradesh.
the minister also said 65,000km of highways would be constructed across the country at a cost of over rs 5.
35 lakh crore by 2022.
chandigarh: students of department of indian theatre, panjab university, chandigarh, continued to boycott classes for the sixth day in a row on monday.
the students marched in the campus demanding new and regular faculty for the department.
the university authorities after a meeting conveyed to the students that they were ready to call the guest faculty suggested by the students of the department to deliver lectures in the department.
however, the students claim that the chairperson of the department is inefficient and want a new chairperson for the department.
the students had alleged that there have been no regular classes in the past few months.
no teacher stays back after 5pm for the rehearsals, alleged students.
when talked to the chairperson navdeep kaur , she said, it is very unfortunate that after working so hard for the department, i have to listen to such complaints.
we are here for the students and resolve their issues.
the department is for the students.
the authority will look into the demand of the students.
the sad part is that the protesting students never approached me with their problems.
the students also said the authorities were to convene a meeting in their presence, but did the contrary.
commenting on this allegation, navdeep said the dean student welfare emanual nahar and other officials had met the students before conducting the meeting to take their suggestions and have agreed to their demands.
the students on thursday had locked their department but after the intervention of the pu vice-chancellor prof arun kumar grover , the students had opened the lock of the department and let the faculty in.
however, they continued boycotting classes.
this story is from january 9, 2019traffic at bhankrota (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur: with traffic snarls becoming a perennial problem at bhankrota and mahapura junction at the national highway-8 (jaipur-ajmer), the national highways authority of india ( nhai ) is mulling a proposal to construct flyovers at these points.
the authority has invited tenders to draft a detail project report (dpr) for the same.
a senior official at nhai said, for the construction of flyovers at ajmer road, we have invited tenders to appoint firm for preparing the dpr .
plans are afoot to construct flyovers at total eight locations on ajmer road including bhankrota and mahapura.
the absence of a flyover on these points leaves traffic in knots.
after receiving several complaints from the industrialists who travel to riico industrial area, bagru, daily and other residents, jaipur mp ramcharan bohra met union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari regarding the same issue.
bohra said, in my meeting with the union minister, the matter was discussed and i was assured that work of construction of flyover would begin soon to resolve the problem.
the faulty planning of (nhai) on nh-8 (jaipur-ajmer) is allegedly giving sleepless nights to traffic department.
in a traffic control board (tcb) meeting, the traffic department has strongly urged jaipur development authority (jda) to construct a flyover at mahapura and bhankrota crossroads several times.
an official source at jaipur police said, the jda had assured to draw a plan to reduce traffic congestion in the area.
however, the plight of drivers and motorists passing through the choked stretches of nh-8 did not come to an end, as the civic body expressed helplessness in constructing the flyover over these stretches, because the area falls under nhai jurisdiction.
after the city expanded during the last few years, many colonies sprung up on nh-8, resulting in increase in traffic.
commuters have expressed necessity of flyover in the area as the stretch is choked due to heavy vehicles including trucks.
bhawani singh , a businessman and resident of bhankrota said, during the peak hours, travelling on the route is a herculean task.
driving along with the trucks is also risky.
the government should construct flyovers to provide swift passage.
reportedly, former chief minister vasundhara raje was also stuck in a jam near bhankrota after returning from a wedding last year.
moreover, frequent accidents near mahapura have raised concerns of the traffic department.
the jda periphery ends at c-zone bypass.
the problem is certainly mounting due to faulty planning of nhai.
the authority should have constructed a flyover over this stretch as it passes through urban areas, said a senior engineer.
this story is from january 25, 2019chairman of maharashtra state mining corporation ashish jaiswal addressing a press conference, on thursdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: a two-day conclave titled mincon  minerals in maharashtra  potentials and opportunities will be held between 9.
30am and 5.
30pm at hotel centre point, ramdaspeth, from february 9.
the conclave has been organized jointly by the states ministry of industries and maharashtra state mining corporation (msmc), in association with vidarbha economic development council.
chief minister devendra fadnavis , union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari , finance minister sudhir mungantiwar , minister for industries subhash desai and minister for energy chandrashekhar bawankule will be present.
addressing a press conference, chairman of msmc ashish jaiswal said, the conclave will showcase the rich mineral resources of maharashtra to attract investments in mining and processing sectors, provide a platform for engagement between government, stakeholders and users and deliberate on the opportunities to tap the potential for maximum value addition.
the conclave will also give a platform to investors to air their grievances which can be used to formulate policies in the future.
jaiswal also spoke about the problems plaguing the industry.
around 4.
5 crore tonnes of coal is produced by the western coalfields limited out of which only 60,000 tonnes is given to maharashtra.
the rest is sent to other regions from the city, but the state has to wait at auctions for the purpose, he added.
pradeep maheshwari, vice-president of ved council, said, the strength of vidarbha lies in its natural resources but its potential in untapped.
it is the only region which has nearly the same coal and mineral reserves.
being centrally located, nagpur has an advantage over others.
making optimum use of these advantages will help up the gst and royalty revenue which will boost the economy.
also present at the press conference were devendra parekh, rahul upganlawar, s ramamoorthy, shivkumar rao and sudhir paliwal.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
union ministry of water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation has selected baran district for national water award2018.
the awards ceremony would be held on february 25 in new delhi where union minister nitingadkari gadkari will honour baran district collector with the award.
delhi sarai rohilla-sikar train renamed as sainik express: the train connecting sikar to delhi 14021/14022 delhi sarai rohilla-sikar is now re-named as sainik express with immediate effect from friday.
man hacks wife to death: a 26-year-old man allegedly killed his wife on friday by hitting her with an axe in sriganganagar district, police said.
the accused raju singh, attacked his wife santosh (23) after an argument, and is absconding, cops said.
jharkhand guv to visit kota: governor of jharkhand, draupadi murmu, is scheduled to land at ramganjmandi town of kota district at 10am on february 25.
she will hold a meeting with members of mining, industrial, grain and seeds merchant association there and would leave for jaipur at 1.
30pm.
pvt hosp, two docs fined rs 25l by court: citing negligence in treatment of a woman with a tumour in uterus, state consumer forum on friday slapped a fine of rs 25 lakh on fortis healthcare limited, dr shailu kakkar and dr naresh soni, the then (in 2014)doctors at fortis escorts hospital, jaipur.
activists decry hate campaign against kashmiris: rights activists on friday deplored the campaign against kashmiri students and workers in the state, by some groups in the wake of the pulwama attack and demanded for protection for them from government.
nagpur: in a major development for citys environment, financial, and waste-to-wealth initiatives, nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has contracted to supply another 150 million litres per day (mld) treated sewage for power generation, saving rs960 crore that it was supposed to pay the new sewage treatment plant operator.
a tripartite agreement was executed between nagpur municipal corporation (nmc), maharashtra state power generation company limited (mahagenco), and the private operator who constructed a new sewage treatment plant (stp), for supply of 150 million litres per day (mld) treated sewage for power generation.
with the latest development, chances of water scarcity in city, and also for mahagencos two thermal power stations at koradi and khaparkheda, will reduce, especially during the summer months.
municipal commissioner ashwin mudgal told toi 100 mld will be supplied to mahagencos koradi plant and 50 mld to khaparkheda plant.
the private operator, that is consortium of three private companies, including city-based vishvaraj infrastructure limited (vil), has completed construction of new stp with capacity of 200 mld.
the plant is likely to commence treatment of sewage in next 15 to 30 days.
talks are underway with national thermal power station (ntpc) for supply of remaining 50 mld.
nmc is already supplying 130 mld treated sewage to koradi plant since last two years, he said.
mudgal added nmc will get revenue of rs33 crore per annum from mahagenco for supply of the 150 mld treated sewage.
nmc is getting around rs15 crore per annum from mahagenco for supply of 130 mld treated sewage currently.
if similar agreement with ntpc materializes, nmc expects to get rs60 crore per annum, he said.
mudgal also said one of the biggest advantage will be treatment, scientific disposal, and reuse of 330 mld sewage water generated from the city.
we are also planning to augment the new 200 mld stp by 100 or 150 mld.
sewage water pollution issue will come down to a great extent in coming days, he said.
cash strapped nmc has got a big relief from the tripartite agreement.
nmc was supposed to pay rs960 crore to the private operator over 30 years for the new 200 mld stp.
now, nmc will not pay a single penny.
instead, nmc is hoping to get some revenue if the agreement with ntpc materializes.
as per the tripartite agreement, mahagenco will lay pipeline from stp constructed at bhandewadi to koradi and khaparkheda plants, at an estimated cost of rs150 crore.
pipeline is already in place from bhandewadi to koradi plant for supply of 130 mld treated sewage.
new pipeline is required as existing one cannot take the load of more treated sewage.
if the work on the pipeline ends before summer, nmc and mahagenco will benefit to a great extent.
following low water storage in totladoh (pench) reservoir, nmc and mahagenco are in a fix over water supply during upcoming summer.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari in a meeting held at nmc on sunday assured to take up ntpc agreement issue with union minister of state (independent charge) rk singh.
gadkari had planned the entire nmc initiatives to supply treated sewage for power generation, and the agreements with mahagenco.
nmcs initiative is the first of it kind in the entire nation.
the central government had come up with a new policymaking it mandatory for supply of treated sewage to power plants located within a radius of 50km from urban areas after nmcs successful initiative.
money from sewagehigh pollution: citys drinking water supply is 680 mld.
70-80  of total water supply is converted into sewage.
thus, around 476-545 mld sewage is generated from the city.
nmc faced strictures from all corners for untreated sewage polluting nag, kanhan and wainganga rivers, followed by gosikhurd dam, over last many yearssewage treatment: nmc is operating and maintaining 80 mld plant since over a decade.
sewage treated from this plant is released again into nag river without any reuse.
nmc, in association with mahagenco, developed stp of 130 mld two years ago.
treated sewage from this project is supplied to mahagencos koradi expansion thermal power project.
thus, pollution in rivers and dam reduced by 210 mld.
with commissioning of 200 mld project, which includes existing old plant of 80 mld, treatment capacity will increase to 330 mld.
plan is to augment new plant by 100-150 mld in futurenew stps financial model: it is a ppp model project on annuity repayment basis.
vil and its two partners will invest rs236 crore in construction of project.
then, private companies will operate and maintain project for 30 years.
nmc is supposed to pay rs32 crore per annum to the private companies as repayment of capital expenditure and also operation and maintenance cost.
total repayment was whopping rs960 croremahagenco and ntpc are saviours: nmc is facing severe financial crisis so it cannot afford to pay rs32 crore per annum to private operator.
now, mahagenco will pay rs33 crore per annum for supply of 150 mld treated sewage.
thus, issue of payment to private operator will come to an end.
mumbai/new delhi: prime minister narendra modi might have flown vvip flights around the world in in his forty two month long tenure, but the thirty minute long flight that he took on monday to travel the 180 km distance from sabarmati river to dharoi dam in mehsana will go down in the annals of vvip flying for a number of firsts.
with it, modi became the first incumbent indian prime minister to be flown by foreign pilots onboard an american-registered aircraft.
the use of the kodiak 100 seaplane by pm raises a serious safety issue.
it is a single-engine aircraft, which means that its chances of recovery are slim in event of an engine failure or say, a nasty bird hit.
sources said that the security concern was raised with pm but he overrode them.
sources in the security establishment said that special protection group which oversees pms security came around after considering it was a controlled flight and the seaplne was flying at a low altitude with a pilot who had more than 30 years of flying experience in the cockpit.
the directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) air safety circular 2 of 1981 lays down the norms for carriage of vvips and the first rule, 1.
1 states that ``twin-engined aircraft with good operational capability, reliability and easy maintainability characteristics should be used.
when on official trips, prime minister travels by either air force or air india craft.
the requirement that he takes a twin-engine plane holds even when pm is traveling for non-official reasons.
said an aircraft charter operator, ``though pm modi was attending a function on behalf of his political party and hadnt boarded the seaplane on official tour as the pm of the country, the norm of using twin-engine aircraft stays.
he added that whenever political parties or private individuals book aircraft for the incumbent chief ministers or pm, the norms laid down in the asc 2 of 1981 were considered sacrosanct and are followed.
``its a safety issue.
the seaplane that the pm boarded lands without the help of ground-based navigation aids.
its plain, old, visual flying.
so ensuring that the aircraft ferrying vvips are at least multi-engine is the most basic of the requirements, he said.
however, union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari defended prime ministers decision, the pm can choose any mode of transportation.
it is a moment of pride for us that he chose it for trial run of a sea plane, he said.
this story is from february 4, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
if they dont scare you, how will they (the parties) get muslim votes, said the minister while addressing a conference on issues of muslims and solutions organized by vidarbha muslim intellectual forum.
bjp believes in the welfare of all indians irrespective of their caste, creed and religion.
any man who wears saffron robes does not represent bjp.
the minister asked muslims to emulate former president of india dr apj abdul kalam and wipro chief azim premji.
they reached the top on their own and earned the respect of all communities.
if muslim community can produce 10 more premjis then the community as well as the country would benefit greatly, he added.
he emphasized on the need for providing education to muslim youth.
no doubt, it is the governments responsibility to provide education but the community should also take initiative in this regard.
the minister stressed that muslim intellectuals should give special attention to educate girls.
we need more muslim girls as ias officers, engineers, doctors, architects, etc he said.
earlier, mlc wajahat mirza said muslims were a backward community and government support was needed for their upliftment.
a new survey states that 27  of kids between 6 and 14 years who dont go to school are muslims.
if 100 muslim students take admission in standard i then only 72 reach standard x, he added.
former mla ashish deshmukh said there was an atmosphere of fear among muslims ever since bjp came to power at the centre.
bjp treats muslims as second class citizens, he added.
work is going on laying of tracks near sitabuldi metro station on khapri-sitabuldi stretch (reach i)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: even though mahametro has invited commissioner of metro rail safety (cmrs) for an inspection on february 25 and 26, it is yet to complete its track laying and electrical works.
metro officials are however, confident of completing the job by sunday evening.
a source in mahametro said that work was going on laying of tracks near sitabuldi metro station on khapri-sitabuldi stretch (reach i).
after laying the tracks we will erect the overhead electrical (ohe) system that supplies power to the trains.
some tracks have to be laid in lokmanya nagar to subhash nagar section too, he added.
according to the official, work on sitabuldi section will take two to three days while the other stretch will be complete by february 24.
in order to complete the work at fast pace, mahametro has stopped trial run of its trains.
electric supply at 25,000 volts has to be switched on for running the trains.
this stops all the work so we will do another trial run only in presence of cmrs.
this time the train will run from khapri to sitabuldi instead of congress nagar and also on the other stretch, said the source.
according to him, research design and standards organization (rdso) inspection will not be needed for these two underconstruction stretches.
the sharpest curve was on khapri-congress nagar section.
our train successfully negotiated it during the trial run and hence rdso officials are satisfied, he said.
another official said that mahametro was expecting rdso to e-mail the speed certificate within a day or two.
the trial run and other inspections went on absolutely smoothly.
so there should be no problem, he added.
mahametro is in a hurry to get cmrs green signal by february end so that prime minister narendra modi can flag off the trains before general elections are declared.
union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis want to gain maximum political mileage from commissioning of nagpur metro.
gadkari has requested railway minister piyush goyal to ensure that mahametro gets rdso and cmrs certificates as soon as possible.
during the commissioning of khapri to airport south section they had taken months, which the two ministers can ill afford.
this story is from january 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
alappuzha: the bypass project in the district was conceived 40 years ago and with the opening of the new bypass, commuters along the nh-66  heading for thiruvananthapuram and kochi  can go their way skipping alappuzha town.
the revenue department acquired land for the bypass in 1980, the width was decided to be 45m.
in 2008, alappuzha bypass was included in national highway authority of indias project (nhai) to convert nh-66 into a four-lane road from cherthala to oachira.
in 2010, centre announced that the bypass project would be completed as a special project.
the centre also gave an in-principal approval for completing the bypass project worth rs 157 crore.
on april 10, 2015, union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated the long-pending construction works of the bypass from kommadi to kalarkode.
of the 6.
8km bypass, 3.
2km is an elevated highway alongside the beach.
the total cost of the bypass project was pegged at rs 348 crore in 2015, which was then equally shared by state and central governments.
the bypass was set to be completed in september 2017.
however, delay on the state governments part to allot funds and protest by residents delayed the construction work.
the deadline was initially extended to may 28, 2018 and it was pushed back to august 31, 2018 following delay on the part of railways to approve the construction of two rail overbridges (robs) as part of the project.
on december 19, 2018, the commissioner of railway safety gave its nod to build robs and work construction work resumed.
the deadline for completing the bypass is may,2019.
this story is from january 28, 2019file photo of nitingadkari gadkari.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gadkari was speaking at a function to induct actor isha koppikar into bjp.
koppikar has been appointed working president of the women's transport wing.
sell dreams which are deliverable, said the 61-year-old minister for road transport, highways and shipping, asserting that he is a doer who delivers on promises.
i deliver 100  what i talk.
mediapersons in mumbai know what kind of a person i am as they have seen how i complete projects.
they trust me, he said.
this story is from february 11, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: gearing up for the ensuing lok sabha elections, union ministers and senior leaders of the bjp will descend on tamil nadu to expand the partys support base and devise strategies to make inroads into dravidian land.
from bjp president amit shah to senior minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister of up yogi adityanath, the leaders will interact with party functionaries and address public meetings.
they will meet like-minded people, representatives and influential persons from different spectrum of society to garner support for the party and help it put up a good show in the forthcoming elections.
tamil nadu has always proved a tough poll terrain for the bjp.
it was under atal behari vajpayees reign (1999-2004) that the party in alliance with aiadmk and dmk fared well.
the bjp has identified the dominant communities and deciding factors in each region and fixed meetings with various caste leaders.
shah would visit erode and ramanathapuram on february 14 and 22 respectively.
apart from interacting with the party functionaries, he would meet a handful of representatives from the fisher community from nagapattinam, sivaganga and ramnathapuram districts.
shah would meet the owners of textile and other industries from erode and surrounding districts.
it will help us to understand the needs and expectations of the industrialists and also give an opportunity to understand their perspective of our party, said bjp state secretary m puratchikavidasan.
citing prime minister narendra modis message to party functionaries to focus on first-time voters, who will play a crucial role in the poll outcome, leaders would also meet the members of the youth and the womens wing to boost their morale.
we are focusing on intermediate caste representatives (obc) following the partys announcement of 10  reservation.
we are hoping to capitalise on it, a state-level functionary in madurai region where union minister of law and justice ravi shankar prasad would interact with influential persons from the intermediate caste on february 15.
he will have a similar programme in vellore on february 14 and will meet industrialists from the leather sector and representative from msmes.
union minister of road transport and highways, shipping nitingadkari gadkari would interact with the booth level workers from chennai south, chennai north, chennai central and sriperumbudur constituencies on february 15.
he will also interact with party sympathisers and intellectuals, said state vice-president b t arasa kumar.
he added that more than 10 national level leaders and union ministers would visit the state in the next two weeks to prepare the party workers for elections.
adityanath will be in kanyakumari on february 12 to interact with party's women wing and to meet leaders from fisher community from tuticorin and kanyakumari.
union minister smriti rani would meet party workers from cuddalore , chidambaram, kallakurichi and villupuram constituency on february 14.
this story is from december 19, 2018kumar vishwas at the khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav, on monday.
download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: despite rains leading to a last minute venue change, the poetry programme titled ek shaam kumar vishwas ke naam organized during the ongoing khasdar sankrutik mahotsav was attended by droves of people at bhat hall in reshimbagh on monday.
the world-renowned hindi poet and a leader of aam aadmi party (aap), vishwas dazzled the audience with his poetry on love and heartbreak.
reciting his famous couplets koi deewana kehta hain he had the entire hall singing along with him.
through his latest poem, he spoke about indias importance through its culture and traditions.
due to his political background and dry wit, the laureate had the audience in stitches while cracking jokes after jokes on the political scenario of the country, sparing none.
the other poets of the evening were equally well-versed in their art.
sudeep bhola, who was the opening act of the programme, rendered a verse about woman empowerment, as well as the terror that plagues girls even at the delicate age of two months, and touched the hearts of every member in the hall.
he also spoke about various current issues prevalent in the country through parodies of various bollywood songs, giving the serious issues a funny touch.
the next act, dinesh bawra, through his poem on sugar , cleverly explored themes of diseases, woman empowerment and the weakening relations of people today.
the only female poet of the night, mamta banerjee recited her famous parody on the song jhumka gira re which hilariously takes a dig on the stereotypical nature of political ministers.
ramesh muskan examined and explained the theme of socioeconomic differences faced in todays society through his poem of a simple boy and a modern girl.
the programme was inaugurated by chairman of lokmat media vijay darda and wife of union minister nitingadkari gadkari , kanchan.
also present on the dais were mla sudhakar kohle, mlcs anil sole, girish vyas and nago ganar, ex-mp datta meghe, deputy mayor deepraj pardikar, senior journalist shripad aparajit, poet madhup patil, secretary of jan akrosh ravindra kaskhedikar, jaiprakash gupta and dr rajiv podar.
this story is from october 31, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the indo-french chamber of commerce and industry (ifcci) would be holding an indo-french investment conclave in city on friday.
about 30 french companies are directly participating with over 100 delegates from various other companies.
french ambassador alexandre ziegler would lead the delegation that includes multinationals like alstom, afd and thales.
this would be biggest investment summit in the region after advantage vidarbha held in february 2013.
chief minister devendra fadnavis, union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule would be present.
they would explain growing status of nagpur and vidarbha region and also appeal for investment here.
four to five memoranda of understanding (mou) would be surely inked with number likely to increase if visitors like the venue and facilities offered in mihan, chief convener prasanna mohile told reporters.
he was accompanied by via chairman atul pande and vidarbha economic development council (vedc) chief devendra parekh.
to be held at radisson blu, the event would have panel discussions on topics like smart mobility, logistics and aerospace and defence, which would have participation of the industry leaders from the country.
french giant dassault has already set up a plant for manufacturing falcon plane parts in mihan.
the visitors would be taken to mihan-sez and given a presentation on facilities there.
the panel discussion would begin from 3pm where ifcci general secretary payal kanwar would make opening remarks followed by presentation on vidarbha as an investment destination by pande, mohile said.
ifcci president guillaume girard-reydet would deliver a welcome address at 5pm, which would be followed by speeches of french ambassador, gadkari and fadnavis.
the event offers a golden opportunity for all entrepreneurs in the region to interact with french companies and ink pacts in their respective areas.
such events usually take place in delhi or mumbai, where we hardly get any time, pande said.
parekh said the dassault unit had employed 32 iti passouts from the city.
they were being trained in making the aircraft parts.
even ancillary industries would be benefited in a big way if investors set up manufacturing units here.
over 1,000 french companies are already working in india, he said.
ifcci chief told toi they preferred nagpur as it was a fast growing city offering good infrastructure.
many companies have already inspected the facilities and are willing to invest here.
it would be in sectors like aerospace and ropeways and manufacturing, he said.
this story is from december 10, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: presented by prayas bahu-uddeshiya samajik sanstha, rashtrapurush atal, a mega play based on memoir of atal bihari vajpayee, paid perfect tributes to the charming statesman, during the khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav, on saturday.
a large number of people gathered at the ishwar deshmukh college of physical education ground in hanuman nagar on saturday evening to witness countrys first-of-its kind mega play based on a biography.
this was the fourth event of the cultural festival which will conclude on december 18.
union minister for transport nitingadkari gadkari, air marshall shirish baban deo, rss nagpur mahanagar sanghchalak rajesh loya, manmohan agrawal from dainik bhaskar, former mp ajay sancheti, mla sudhakar deshmukh, mlc parinay fuke were among the esteemed guests.
the play commenced with a shadow act recounting the onset of the torturous british regime.
the next scene shows the actors depicting the birth of vajpayee in gwalior.
at the age of 16, vajpayee was an active participant in the quit india movement which displayed the thought of reformation which he possessed since adolescence.
he engaged in kavi sammelan and propagated his thoughts through his poems like aao phir se diya jalaaye.
he joined the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) as a volunteer and later became a full time worker.
he began working for the newspapers of deendayal upadhyaya.
soon, he became a follower and aide of bhartiya jana sangh leader syama prasad mukherjee.
when mukherjee died in prison, vajpayee was deeply affected and undertook the responsibility of contesting in the elections to the lok sabha.
in 1975, he was arrested along with other leaders during the emergency imposed by then prime minister indira gandhi.
when gandhi lifted emergency in 1977, a coalition of parties  janata party  was formed.
morarji desai, the chosen leader of the janata party became the prime minister and vajpayee served as the foreign minister.
he was a master orator as his speeches were poetic, thoughtful and frequently philosophical.
the play then traverses through the journey of the dynamic personality and his contributions to the country as the prime minister.
the dance sequences, march past and malkhamb performances captivated the audience.
prepared in a short span of one month, the play is written by ranjana chitale, conceptualized by devprakash gupta, produced by shakti thakur and directed by priyanka thakur.
the cast list boasts of 350 actors including vinod raut who played the lead role of vajpayee, lata kanhate played indira gandhi, vishnu shrivastava as nitingadkari gadkari, gs khwaja as lk advani, ghanshyam mehta as prime minister narendra modi.
charudatta jichkar was the music director and kishore batase handled the lights.
this story is from december 13, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
madurai: m v wan hai 510, a mainline vessel operated by wan hai lines limited, became the first of its kind to have berthed at the vo chidambaranar port in tuticorin.
the ship measuring 268.
8 metres long and 32.
3 metres wide made its maiden voyage to dakshin baharat gateway container terminal and reached there at 11.
45 am on wednesday.
this mainline service has made possible direct export and import to the far east countries without their dependence on colombo, sri lanka.
through a video conferencing, the first import container was jointly flagged off by union minister for shipping, road ways and water resources nitingadkari gadkari, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami, minister of state for road transport and highways, shipping, chemical and fertilizers mansukh l mandaviya and minister of state for shipping and finance pon radhakrishnan.
it makes tuticorin only the second port in the state, after chennai, to handle motherships.
this china india-2 (ci-2) mainline vessel connects with two malaysian ports - penang and port klang - and chinese ports hong kong, qingdao, shanghai, ningbo and shekou.
with six vessels having a carrying capacity of 4,333 teus (containers), it calls on tuticorin port every tuesday.
so far, exporters and importers from tuticorin port sent consignments to the colombo port, from where the mainline ships took them to their destinations.
nitin gadkari affirmed that the call of the first mainline container vessel will be a game-changer in container traffic in south india.
customers can save around 50 us $ per container compared to colombo handling charges.
this port has become a mainline vessel port.
having a high potential, it will soon become a transshipment port, he said and added that in the last four years, the port has made investments to the tune of rs 1,500 crores towards infrastructure improvement.
edappadi palaniswami said the historic mainline service will boost exports in tamil nadu and the overall economic growth in southern tamil nadu.
pon radhakrishnan said that voc port has grown as a major container handling port in the country from being a major port in 1974.
minister mansukh mandaviya stated that the strategic location of the port close to the east west trade route and draft of 14 metres is poised to make it a transshipment hub of south india, with an added advantage of handling gateway cargo as well.
deputy chairman of port n vaiyapuri told reporters that the mainline vessel brought 320 containers to tuticorin and will be carrying around 260 containers export from the port.
a european mainline cma cgm has showed interest in calling on the tuticorin port and will be calling on shortly.
it will be a boon for exporters from coimbatore, pollachi and tirupur.
we will be marketing in coimbatore region to send their exports from tuticorin, he said.
vaiyapuri said that they waived 100  handling charges for m v wan hai 510 on its maiden berth and added that 60  of the charge will be waived for other mainliners directly calling on the port.
this story is from december 23, 2018the cops were supplemented by 120 rapid action force personneldownload the times of india news app for latest cityponda: the khandepar bridge was finally inaugurated on saturday amid tight security by union minister of state for road transport and highways mansukh l mandaviya.
sp (south) arvind gawas said about 2,000 policemen were brought from across the nation, in addition to a company of 120 personnel of pune-based rapid action force from pune to avert any unforeseen situation.
the inauguration by union minister nitingadkari gadkari was deferred twice due to agitation by mining dependants.
on friday evening, pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar met the agitators and convinced them to stay away and let the function take place peacefully.
saturdays event was attended by union minister of state for ayush shripad naik, mps narendra sawaikar and vinay tendulkar, dhavalikar, health minister vishwajit rane, sanvordem mla, chairman of goa state infrastructure development corporation deepak pauskar and chief secretary dharmendra sharma.
mandaviya said, we have 92,000km national highways and would complete another 94,000km in eight years and it would add up to 2 lakh km of nhs .
about 4 crore vehicles add to the existing ones anually and prime minister narendra modi has said if roads are not developed, it would create a problem, the minister added.
naik credited the bjp government at the centre for goas overall progress and congratulated dhavalikar for the new bridge.
tendulkar said the congress was resisting in parliament any move to resolve the mining impasse in goa.
stating that he wanted the bridge to be opened by gadkari, dhavalikar said the union minister and mandviya have approved rs 15,000 crore for local development.
work on the zuari bridge would also complete soon, he said.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: with an eye on the forthcoming lok sabha elections, the bharatiya janata party, which is the ruling party in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc), has played the teli card.
little-known pradip pohane, a corporator from ward no.
24 in east nagpur, has been named as new standing committee chairman to woo the community that form the second-highest number voters after kunbis in the city.
pohane is likely to assume charge from outgoing chairman virendra kukreja on march 1.
with a clear majority in the standing committee, pohane is expected to be elected unanimously and will present the nmc budget for 2018-19.
there are 16 members in the standing committee.
bjp has 12, congress 3 and bsp 1.
as per the administrative proposal, the general body on wednesday had to name 8 new members  5 from bjp, 2 from congress and 1 from bjp.
however, bjp decided to replace all its 12 members while naming pohane as new chairman.
pohane, 31, is a two-time corporator and a close aide of east nagpur mla krishna khopde.
with pohane, the saffron party has tried to bring about a community balance in the civic body.
mayor nanda jichkar comes from the dominant kunbi community, ruling party leader sandip joshi is a brahmin and deputy mayor deepraj pardikar is from halba community.
in the last two years, bjp had appointed sandip jadhav (sc) and kukreja (sindhi community) as standing committee chairpersons.
pohane is second after khopde from teli community to become the chairman.
khopde held the post in 2008-09 before being promoted as an mla.
thanking khopde, pohane said he would give his best for the city.
khopde said the decision will benefit the party in lok sabha as well as assembly elections.
pohane is a grass-root level worker and deserved to be promoted.
i thank cm devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari for selecting pohane, he said.
with pohanes selection, bjp has also ensured representation from east nagpur.
pohane is the first from that area to become an nmc office bearer in the last two years.
the move, however, may have come as a setback for senior corporators like satish holey, dr ravindra bhoyar, sanjay bangale, jagdish gwalbanshi, dipak chaudhary, sandip gavai and others who may have aspired to hold the post.
ghaziabad: an ex-serviceman, who had gone to bulandshahr to attend the last rites of a relative, returned to his house in sanjay nagar on tuesday morning only to find that burglars had broken in and escaped with cash and jewellery worth rs 6 lakh.
apart from cash and jewelley, the burglars made off with a 20kg container of desi ghee , 3kg dry fruits, snacks and several boxes of sweets with them, said subedar major arun pilania (54), who lives in sanjay nagars surajmal enclave.
the engagement ceremony of his elder son, nitingadkari , had taken place on november 29, and because of that a large amount of cash, jewellery and other food items were kept at the home.
after receiving the news of a death in the family on monday, i immediately rushed to my native village in bulandshahr to attend the last rites.
as my wife vinesh was alone at home, she went to her sisters houseto spend the night, pilania told toi.
an fir has been registered under section 457 (burglary) of ipc.
this story is from november 17, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: seven shows of the historical mega play shivputra sambhaji will be staged in the city from dec 22 to 28.
presented by madhyam lokseva pratishthan, the play will be staged at reshimbagh grounds which has a capacity to seat 40,000 persons.
giving details of the event, mohan mate, president of the pratishthan said, this play, first staged in 2016, has had many shows in cities of western maharashtra like mumbai, pune and aurangabad.
it will be staged in nagpur for the first time as not many here know about the valour of sambhaji and his role in fighting the mughals.
written and directed by mahendra mahadik, the 3 hour play will be inaugurated by union home minister rajnath singh in the presence of union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis on dec 22 at 5pm.
the play has a cast of around 300 artists of whom 150 are coming from mumbai while 130 are local actors.
a 24,000sqft stage is being built at reshimbagh ground that will have a height of 150ft.
live animals like horses, elephants and bullock carts will be used on the stage to create the scenes of the historical era, mate said.
a 80-foot high and 55-foot wide replica of shivajis fort will also be created.
currently being serialized on a marathi channel, the play will have amol kolhe essay the role of sambhaji while well known actor ravi patwardhan will play aurangzeb.
we have created 25 teams of boys and girls which will go to schools and colleges to create awareness about sambhaji and this drama, mate informed.
300 buses will be provided to transport people from all parts of the city to reshimbagh ground.
we will also be putting up eight led screens on the ground and two outside for better viewing, he added.
the budget for staging the play is pegged at rs3-3.
5 crore.
amaravati: the state cabinet has finalised the tower design for the assembly complex.
two designs submitted by the uk-based architects, norman fosters were discussed during the cabinet meeting.
the approved design suggests the erection of the tower atop the assembly complex.
chief minister n chandrababu naidu said that they should go for this tower design as many people have voted for it on social media.
with this progress at work, the chief minister asked the apcrda to chalk out plans for the foundation and subsequent works at the earliest.
however, cm naidu said to have taken a long time in finalising the design as he is keeping his fingers crossed to make amaravati one of the best capitals in the world.
the chief minister briefed the cabinet about his meeting with union minister nitingadkari gadkari on the polavaram impasse.
he said that the union minister has asked from him one month time for the contractor, transtroy, to add pace to the polavaram project.
naidu stold the cabinet about the financial and political compulsions, under which the government has been reeling to execute the project.
he sounded confident while saying that the issues pertaining to the project would be resolved once the union minister pays a visit to polavaram on december 23.
the chief minister advised members in cabinet, including party leaders that they should not resort in haste to flaying the centre or bjp leaders.
tower design has been selected as many people voted for it on social media.
prime minister narendra modi inaugurated india's first multi-modal terminal on the ganga river in his parliamentary constituency and received the country's first container cargo transported on inland waterways from kolkata.
the first consignment containing food and beverage had set sail from kolkata in the last week of october.
the prime minister was accompanied by uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, union transport, highways and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and bjp state president mahendra nath pandey, who is also the mp of the neighbouring chandauli lok sabha constituency.
here's all you want to know about first multi-modal terminal.
this is the first of the three such terminals and two inter-modal terminals being constructed on the river.
the multi-modal terminals are being built as part of the central government's jal marg vikas project that aims to develop the stretch of the river ganga between varanasi and haldia for navigation of large vessels weighing up to 1,500-2,000 tonnes.
the objective is to promote inland waterways as a cheaper and more environment-friendly means of transport, especially for cargo movement.
the inland waterways authority of india (iwai) is the project implementing agency.
the jal marg vikas project (jmvp) is being implemented on the haldia-varanasi stretch of national waterway-1 (nw-1) with the technical assistance and investment support of the world bank.
it is being built at an estimated cost of rs 5,369.
18 crore, on a 50:50 sharing basis between the government of india and the world bank.
the project entails construction of three multi-modal terminals (varanasi, sahibganj and haldia); two intermodal terminals; five roll on-roll off (ro-ro) terminal pairs; new navigation lock at farakka; assured depth dredging; integrated vessel repair and maintenance facility, differential global positioning system (dgps), river information system (ris), river training and river conservancy works.
operation, management and further development of the terminal is proposed to be entrusted to an operator on public-private partnership model and selection of the operator through an international competitive bidding is at an advanced stage and is expected to be completed by december.
the project of multi-modal terminal and proposed freight village in varanasi are expected to generate 500 direct employment and more than 2,000 indirect employment opportunities.
the prime minister also received india's first container vessel that sailed from kolkata on october 30, carrying cargo belonging to pepsico (india) from kolkata to varanasi.
container movement on an inland waterway in india is being done for the first time post-independence.
the iwai vessel, mv rabindranath tagore, is transporting 16 containers equivalent to 16 truckloads of food and snacks and is expected to reach varanasi on sunday.
it will make its return journey with fertilisers from iffco.
this story is from october 28, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: mumbai mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar of the shiv sena took potshots at chief minister devendra fadnavis as well as union minister nitingadkari gadkari over the latters statement at the inaugural programme of maharashtra mayors council in the city on saturday.
in his speech, mahadeshwar, also the councils chairman, requested the cm for giving administrative and financial powers to mayors.
in south korea, three former pms are in jail.
whenever a new pm comes, he sends the former to jail.
mayors should get powers, but they must utilize it in a judiciously manner, he said.
on gadkaris statement, mahadeshwar, in the press conference held after the convention, said, i was confused whether gadkari was giving such advice to me or pm (narendra modi) or cm (fadnavis).
civic chiefs have more powers than mayors in municipal corporations.
mayors are accountable for any problems of the city but have no direct powers, he said.
mahadeshwar said the state government was taking years to reply or approve the proposals sent by the corporations, including those of bmc.
in his speech, fadnavis justified the plan to cut 1,500 trees for the car shed of metro rail project.
he said the project will conserve environment and compensate much more than the trees.
mahadeshwar said on one hand, fadnavis speaks about drastic changes in the climate and the need to preserve environment, but on the other, supports felling of trees.
we are not against development work.
we are opposing cutting of trees.
we will continue our protest, he said.
to a question whether shiv sena mayors of four municipal corporations boycotted the convention, mahadeshwar said he too is from the party and is present here.
gadkari slammed the nmc for shutting down green bus project.
i took all efforts to launch the project.
i personally provided ethanol of rs50 lakh for the project.
buses were procured by a private operator.
the nmc failed to pay a single penny to the operator that led to discontinuation of the project, he said.
he was upset over the delay in completing 24x7 water supply project.
all the tenders are defective due to which the project is delayed.
funds of central government have been returned.
the cm had to approve special funds, he said.
rti activists and ngos are active and go to court over petty issues, he said.
gadkari plans eco-friendly devp of 350 playgroundsunion minister nitingadkari gadkari said he has planned to develop 350 playgrounds across the city in an eco-friendly manner, that too by using waste.
after holding khasdar krida mahotsav, i directed guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule and nit to develop the playgrounds.
a list of 350 playgrounds have been prepared.
the plan is to lay red-coloured sand excavated from various projects in these playgrounds.
treated sewage from small stps will be sprayed through red-coloured tankers every time.
compound walls will be constructed using fly ash of thermal power stations, he said.
this story is from november 18, 2018goods and service taxdownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: finally, theres some good news for the cash-strapped nagpur municipal corporation (nmc).
chief minister devendra fadnavis has increased the civic bodys goods and services tax (gst) grant from rs630.
84 crore per annum to rs1,038 crore per, an increase by a whopping rs407.
16 crore.
on saturday, toi had reported that governor ch vidyasagar rao issued a gazette notification dated november 6, through which norms to calculate gst grant of municipal corporations changed.
standing committee chairman virendra kukreja told that toi fadnavis approved a hike in gst grant of the nmc in a meeting held at mumbai.
nmc used to get rs52.
57 crore per month (rs630.
84 crore/annum) as gst grant.
now, it will receive rs86.
50 crore per month (rs1,038 crore) from december, he said.
kukreja expressed gratitude towards fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari for the hike.
now, the nmc can execute developmental works without any hurdles.
it is a big relief for us and the city, he said.
the state government had abolished local body tax (lbt) and replaced its with gst from july 1, 2017.
the nmcs revenue from lbt was very low as compared to that generated during the octroi regime.
the gst grant was calculated taking base of revenue during lbt.
since then, gadkari and nmc-office bearers, especially kukreja started to pursue with the cm to calculate gst grant as per revenue during octroi and increase its by 17  per annum.
the civic bodys demand was to grant rs88.
63 crore per month (rs1,063.
56 crore per annum).
however, the nmc got only rs42.
44 crore per month (rs509.
28 crore per annum) in july 2017.
the grant was increased to rs60.
28 crore per month in august 2017 but was reduced to rs51.
36 crore in september 2017.
it was again increased to rs52.
57 crore in april this year.
the nmcs financial situation deteriorated as a result of low gst grant.
after spending on salaries and other establishment costs, the nmc was left with low balance, thereby affecting developmental works.
last month, fadnavis had approved special grants of rs150 crore for the nmc.
the cm is also likely to approve more special grants of rs175 crore by the end of this month or next.
this story is from february 15, 2019file photo of union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: the centre has approved, in principle, the 116-km elevated bhopal-indore corridor - a mammoth project that could galvanise business opportunities in both cities by making travel shorter.
the approval came during a meeting between state minister for public works sajjan singh verma and union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on thursday to discuss pending issues under national highways.
bengaluru: motorists breaking traffic rules will no longer be able to get away with meagre fines as the transport department has decided to record traffic offences in chip-based smart driving licences the proposal to link traffic violations with smart cards will help authorities keep an eye on repeat offenders, transport commissioner b dayananda said on tuesday, adding their licences may be suspended for up to four months.
we will soon provide traffic police access to our driving licence database, he said.
at present, traffic police primarily book cases against the registered owners of vehicles.
there are several cases in which the violator is not the vehicle owner, said dayananda, however, dl data will be of no use in cases where the offence is captured by cctv cameras, and will help only during spot checks.
additional commissioner of police (traffic) r hithendra said at present they only have access to registration certificate (rc) data.
we welcome the transport departments move, which will bring in more efficiency and transparency in booking cases, he said.
in a city home to 71.
84 lakh vehicles, traffic police booked a whopping 1.
01 cases last year, implying that vehicles had been involved in multiple violations.
for instance, a car registered in the city had a staggering 195 cases for flouting traffic regulations.
officials said they could suspend licences for violations like overspeeding, jumping traffic signals, drunk driving, using mobile phones while driving and carrying loads above the prescribed limit in goods carriages.
dayananda said the move will help them check the history of traffic violations committed by the licence holder.
we will cancel licences of such offenders for up to four months based on the recommendation of traffic police, he added.
in hyderabad, traffic police have introduced a penalty point system for traffic offenders which entails licence suspension for anyone who records 12 points within 24 months.
union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had recently said: if anyone violates road rules more than thrice, his driving licence will be suspended for six months, and if he continues to do so, the licence will be cancelled.
at present, owners have to enter their vehicle registration number to check the pending fine amount on the traffic police website.
with the transport department providing access of dl data to traffic police, motorists can view the fines/violations by keying in the licence number.
dayananda said they have set a target to bring down the number of road accidents, fatalities and injuries in the state by 15  this year.
we will provide a road-user guide to all motorists for free while issuing licences and rcs, he said.
a one-day first-aid training will be provided to police personnel, auto and taxi drivers and home guards.
they are the first responders in case of an accident, said dayananda, adding that they have allocated funds to road safety committees in all districts for effective implementation of measures.
the department will also provide specialized capacity-building training on road safety to schoolteachers in collaboration with the institute of road traffic education, new delhi, to educate students.
motorists will be soon allowed to drive without hard copies of dls, rcs and pollution under control certificates.
dayananda said the government will soon issue a notification on the same.
enforcement agencies, including traffic police and transport department, will accept soft copies of the documents on digilocker.
the platform was launched two years ago by the centre under the digital india initiative, and seeks to allow citizens to carry soft copies.
pune: anant geete , union minister for heavy industries and the lone shiv sena leader in the cabinet, has taken exception to the threat made by minister of roads, transport & highways and bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari that he would bulldoze the auto industry if they do not meet the 2030 target for an all-electric fleet.
geete, without naming gadkari, said, we have to move forward in a phased manner.
so, my ministry and i have not made any announcements.
but announcements are being made by other ministers.
someone who is responsible (for e-vehicles) is not doing it, those not responsible is making announcements.
it is a democracy, it is natural.
gadkaris threat had raised the hackles of the auto industry.
car makers have since pointed out multiple challenges like import of lithium (batteries), quantity and quality of power, the source of power supply and storage, among others, as key challenges.
the industry has also raised concerns over what will happen to investments that are going into developing the bharat stage-vi technology, which comes into effect nationally from april 1, 2020.
geete said, as ministers, we make many announcements because we want to set targets.
and when we set targets, it is important to have deadlines, otherwise there is no point.
that is fine.
however, if we are not successful till 2030, it doesnt mean that the industry is a failure.
to make it successful, we have to take all stakeholders together.
he was speaking at the valedictory address of the international transportation electrification conference in pune on friday.
geete said there are multiple things that needs to be addressed as the nation moves towards electric mobility and there is no need to hurry through this we should not be making mistakes in haste.
he said that the industry and research organisations like the automotive research association of india (arai) must show the government and country the right direction towards electric mobility.
the responsibility is on you.
the government doesnt have the know-how or the expertise.
if industry shows us the wrong direction, we will move in the wrong direction and if the industry shows us the right direction, we will be on that path, the minister added.
arai said that it will submit a report to the ministry shortly.
2 years since announcement, search for chairman delays formation of nabalmost two years since he first announced the constitution of a national automotive board (nab) to oversee the different automotive certifying agencies in the country, union heavy industries minister anant geete said on friday the search for a chairman is still on.
it is in process.
we have to select the chairman.
once that is done, we will go ahead to form the board, geete said.
speaking about autonomy of research agencies like arai and others, the minister in january 2016 had said, i hear some doubts being raised about arais autonomy.
people want to know if it is a government organisation or a private entityto control/govern these centres (under national automotive testing and r&d infrastructure project), we are creating a national automotive board.
all centres will operate under the board, including arai and thereby be governed by the government.
geete had first said in january 2016 that the ministry is in the process of selecting a chairman and after that a governing council will be constituted.
this story is from january 13, 2019gadkari had inaugurated the exhibition on january 6download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: nagpur municipal corporations (nmc) six-day exhibition-cum-convention of women self-help groups (shgs) concluded on saturday.
around 300 stalls displaying various types of products of women shgs were installed at the exhibition and received good response.
kanchan gadkari, wife of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, concluded the exhibition at a programme.
vaishali kohle, wife of city bjp president sudhakar kohle, shobha, wife of mlc girish vyas, chairperson of nmc women and child welfare committee pragati patil, deputy municipal commissioner ranjana lade, corporators and others were present.
kanchan urged women to start small-scale business to assist their husbands in meeting the houses requirements.
it has become very difficult to get government jobs nowadays.
in todays era, it is need of the hour for women to also work for meeting families needs.
women have natural knowledge about various products and can start business in an easy manner, she said.
for their contribution in various fields, shivali deshpande, pratiksha patwari, gauri ranganath, maya gaikwad, sharda suresh, sucheta meshram, rufi afzal, sachi malik, nirmal ghodeshwar, pratibha kolhe, rita bhonde and others were felicitated.
gadkari had inaugurated the exhibition on january 6.
various types of cultural programmes were organized for women throughout the convention.
nagpur:the central government is committed to provide electricity to all and that too round the clock.
it will soon bring a law whereby any power distribution company doing load shedding after a specified date will be penalized by centre.
this was revealed by union power minister rk singh here on saturday.
however, he did not specify the date after which the law will come into effect.
after this date, if a power distribution company is unable to reduce distribution losses below 15  then it will not be able to pass on the burden of extra losses to consumers.
the burden will have to be borne by the concerned state government instead, he told the media here on saturday.
the minister was in the city to launch the saubhagya yojana which aims to provide an electricity connection to all households.
singh further said that his ministry would promote pre-paid meters in a big way.
poor people usually use pre-paid mobile sim cards.
if they have pre-paid meters then they can consume power accordingly, he added.
prime minister narendra modi has given a target to union power ministry to provide power connections to all households by march 2019.
i have however, told all the state governments to achieve the target by december 2018, singh added.
later, addressing the launch function, singh said that nda government had done the ground work for providing power to all round the clock.
when we took over, the country was facing power shortage.
however, it has now become power surplus.
we have invested rs18,000 crore in erecting interstate transmission networks and rs13,000 crore on intra-state ones.
in 2014, the length of high voltage direct current (hvdc) network in the country was 2.
90 lakh km.
in these three years we have added another 90,000km, he said.
turning to power distribution, the minister said that nda had launched the integrated power development scheme (ipds) and deendayal gram jyoti yojana (ddgjy) to strengthen the distribution network.
our focus is on solar energy and in the coming days the installed capacity will increase rapidly.
the rate of solar power in rajasthan is rs2.
44 per unit.
the average rate of wind power in the country has come down to rs2.
65 per unit, he said.
state energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule had urged singh to clear three projects of feeder separation, ipds and ddgjy worth rs2,000 crore.
the union minister promised to do it soon.
this will release more water for irrigation.
koradi power plant successfully is using nagpur municipal corporations (nmcs) treated water, he said.
chief minister devendra fadnavis praised msedcl for taking lead in providing online services.
this story is from january 31, 2019nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur: setting the stage for the development of the ring road project in the state capital, the land acquisition process for the northern corridor, proposed between delhi road and agra road, is expected to begin soon.
speculations are rife that union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari would lay the foundation stone for the project, before the lok sabha elections.
a district administration official said, approval to the land acquisition notification received by the national highways authority of india (nhai) has been given.
the draft has been sent back to the nhai.
the process would begin after nhai decides the final alignment.
the nhai has prepared a draft for land acquisition to construct the 50-km north ring road project, proposed to connect delhi road and agra road.
the width of the northern corridor would be 60 metres.
once the approval on the alignment is given, the work for land acquisition is expected to begin.
it is quite possible that the stone laying of northern ring road can happen during the inauguration ceremony of southern ring road, said the official.
the official added that as per the initial plan, ring road was proposed to be constructed in phases.
in phase iii, it was proposed to construct a road with a length of 97.
75 km in the northern part of jaipur, to connect agra road, delhi road, sikar road and ajmer road.
it will consist of a six-lane access-controlled expressway, a three-lane service road on both sides.
now, the state government is only planning to construct the corridor to connect delhi road and agra road.
chandwaji expressway would be used as ring road to delhi road and ajmer road via sikar road, the official said.
official at jaipur development authority (jda) informed, last year, the nhai had sought suggestions and objections from jda after preparing the draft of the northern corridor.
the initial draft of the alignment was given a green signal.
the jda had suggested the nhai to construct elevated structures at entry and exit points, which are proposed on agra road and delhi road.
the authority has also recommended to construct proper drainage system on the road.
moreover, it was suggested that the alignment should not infringe upon the habitat area and the water bodies.
this story is from november 11, 2018with the inauguration of the babatpur airport highway, coming to varanasi just got easier.
have a look at the photo https://t.
co/9yy4ob5kin  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1541922950000one of the projects i will be inaugurating in kashi tomorrow is the varanasi ring road phase 1, which will be a sou https://t.
co/q3cupmeuxu  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1541922650000making kashi cleaner and healthier through sewerage projects which will have a long-term impact on the city and sur https://t.
co/00czx1dhd3  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1541923294000in a major boost to port-led development and harnessing our jal shakti for india's growth, an inland waterways term https://t.
co/isrq3p30am  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1541923159000lucknow: prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate two major national highways and an inland waterways project at his parliamentary constituency, varanasi, on monday.
the two roads have a combined length of 34 km and have been laid at a cost of rs 1,571.
95 crore.
the 16.
55-km varanasi ring road phase-i has been completed at a cost of rs 759.
36 crore, while the four-laning and construction of 17.
25-km-long babatpur-varanasi road on nh-56 has cost rs 812.
59 crore, read a statement from the pm's office.
the babatpur airport highway will link varanasi to the airport and go on to link jaunpur, sultanpur and lucknow.
with the flyover at harhua and a road over bridge (rob) at tarna, the new road plan will reduce travel time from varanasi to the airport, providing relief to the locals and tourists coming here, the statement said.
the ring road, with two robs and a flyover, is expected to reduce traffic, fuel usage and pollution on nh 56 (lucknow-varanasi), nh 233 (azamgarh-varanasi), nh 29 (gorakhpur-varanasi) and ayodhyavaranasi highway, the statement said.
further the ring road is expected to provide smooth road access to sarnath, a renowned buddhist pilgrimage site.
on the day, at a separate event, the prime minister will inaugurate the first multi-modal waterways terminal on the ganga river as part of the centre's jal marg vikas project which aims to develop the stretch of the river between varanasi and haldia for navigation of large vessels weighing up to 1,500 to 2,000 tonnes, an official statement said.
the objective of the project is to promote inland waterways as a cheap and environment-friendly means of transportation, especially for cargo movement.
the inland waterways authority of india (iwai) is the project implementing agency.
national waterway-1 (haldia-varanasi stretch) is being developed with technical assistance and investment support from the world bank.
the total estimated cost of the project is rs 5,369.
18 crore, which will be shared between the government of india and the world bank on a 50:50 ratio.
the project entails construction of three multi-modal terminals (varanasi, sahibganj and haldia), two inter-modal terminals, five roll-on-roll-off (ro-ro) terminal pairs, new navigation lock at farakka, assured depth dredging, integrated vessel repair and maintenance facility, differential global positioning system (dgps), river information system (ris), river training and conservancy works.
operation, management and further development of the terminal is proposed to be entrusted to an operator on public-private partnership model and selection of the operator through an international competitive bidding is at an advanced stage and is expected to be completed by december, an official statement said.
the multi-modal terminal project and proposed freight village in varanasi are expected to generate 500 direct employment and more than 2,000 indirect employment opportunities.
later in the day, the pm will receive india's first container vessel that sailed from kolkata on inland waterways on october 30, carrying cargo belonging to pepsico (india).
modi will be accompanied by up governor ram naik, union minister for road transport and highways, shipping, water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation nitingadkari gadkari and up chief minister yogi adityanath at the function.
this story is from january 7, 2019minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources nitingadkari gadkari addressing media personsmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: bjp ally shiv sena mp sanjay raut claimed sunday the country was heading for a fractured mandate, and union minister nitingadkari gadkari would be waiting for such an eventuality.
raut, the executive editor of the sena mouthpiece 'saamana', also wrote in his sunday column in the newspaper that prime minister narendra modi 's stature has declined while that of congress president rahul gandhi has risen.
the country is heading for a fractured mandate and prime minister narendra modi is responsible for it, he said, adding that the full mandate modi won in 2014 was an opportunity wasted.
raut wrote that in 2014 there was a wave in modi's support as voters were determined to defeat the congress, but the picture has changed today.
modi's larger-than-life image has lost the shine now.
rahul gandhi's leadership is not as towering as modi's but he has gained importance as people are disappointed with the current government, the sena mp said.
while senior leaders in the bjp are worried about its possible poor performance in coming elections, nitingadkari gadkari's statements are an indication of which way the winds are blowing.
a leader like gadkari has equal acceptance in the rss as well as among other bjp leaders, raut said.
political conspiracies were hatched to deny gadkari a second term when he was the bjp president (from 2009 to 2013), he claimed.
he also faced several allegations in purti group scam and a second term was denied to him.
that memory still rankles with gadkari, raut saidgadkari is now waiting for the hung lok sabha of 2019, raut added, suggesting, indirectly, that in that case the union minister could become the consensus candidate for the top post.
chennai: with the government working on a cruise tourism policy to increase cruise liner traffic to india 10-fold to 700 vessels a year, setting sail on the sea is slated to increase and inbound tourism is expected to rise as well.
however, now, foreigners and local tourists alike are tapping river cruises too, for week or ten-day long cruises on the brahmaputra, ganga or rivers in kerala.
luxury cruiseliner mahabaahu that sails down the brahmaputra is seeing takers from the uk, us and australia among tourists coming in.
after experiencing three years of flat growth until the government facilitated dredging of the river to make it navigable in 2015-16, the company is now seeing 50  growth.
foreigners, who have had exposure to cruises in europe and the us, form a major chunk owing to high cost.
the vessels are smaller and more exclusive, and hence accommodate fewer people, as opposed to star cruises which take close to 3,000 members.
we are also looking to entice indian travellers with more affordable options, said sanjay basu, chairman, adventure resorts, cruises.
india enjoys a very small share of the world cruise tourism market, estimated at 23 million passengers in 2016.
the government is also looking to leverage river cruise tourism and planning to develop the infrastructure for the purpose.
union minister of road, transport and shipping nitingadkari gadkari also said that the government has started work on dredging the brahmaputra to develop a water transport channel up to bangladesh.
the inland waterways authority of india, under the ministry of shipping, is facilitating cruise operations on national waterways-1 (river ganga) from kolkata to varanasi in collaboration with private cruise operators.
the kerala state government has added river cruising through 7 rivers of north malabar to boost cultural and village tourism  in the state budget.
trips usually cover tea plantations, monasteries, mountain peaks along the course of the rivers.
industry players add that river cruises, which are seeing a 30-50  growth, mostly gain traction between october and april and from may, rains reduce the number of trips.
with accommodation and sight-seeing taken care of, river cruises are preferred by foreign nationals who take longer vacations, said shravan gupta, head, leisure business, fcm travel india.
this story is from december 30, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief secretary dinesh kumar jain had directed district collector ashwin mudgal and municipal commissioner abhijit bangad to complete land acquisition for the pardi flyover and hand it over to national highways authority of india (nhai) by january 15.
however, the district administration is going to fail to meet this deadline.
work on the rs665 crore flyover had started in march 2016 and the time for completion was three years.
with hardly 25  work done, this is going to be another ramjhula.
land acquisition is the main problem in this case.
nhai regional officer m chandrashekhar told toi, about 80  of our pillars have been erected but the rest cant be constructed as land is not available.
if we try to build them then the road will have to be closed for traffic, which is not possible.
so the construction on road side has to be razed.
nhai needs 1.
25 hectare land for constructing the pillars and also the ramps.
it needs another 4 hectare for relocating the hawkers.
if hawkers are not provided an alternate site they will not move and people will not be able to use the flyover, said chandrashekhar.
collector mudgal admitted that the january 15 deadline was difficult to meet.
work on acquiring the land has been going on since months.
it has to be done under section 126 of maharashtra regional and town planning (mrtp) act, 1966, he said.
nmc had offered transferrable development rights (tdr) to the owners but they refused.
so the only option is to pay them money.
as nmc does not have the necessary funds it had applied to state government under nagar utthan yojana for 70  amount.
the government has agreed to the proposal, said mudgal.
nmc sent a letter to the collector a few days ago informing him of the state government decision.
mudgal then appointed sub-divisional officer (sdo) of mouda as the land acquisition officer for this project.
the sdo will issue notices to land owners for acquiring their land.
we will able to acquire the land of owners who agree to accept monetary compensation, by january 15 or 20.
the rest will take some time, said mudgal.
even as nhai is struggling to complete the project, nagpur east mla krishna khopade has appealed to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to make it a 10 lane structure.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chandrapur: chief minister devendra fadnavis on monday announced construction of 100 bailey bridges at 82 villages facing frequent communication breakdown with district headquarters during rainy season in gadchiroli.
fadnavis and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari were in gadchiroli for the inauguration of new building of agriculture college, public dedication of newly built bridge on kathani river and sub-divisional transport office in gadchiroli.
fadnavis said the construction work of bridges on godavari as well as pranhita and indravati rivers will be completed soon.
they were accompanied by guardian minister ambrish atram, peoples representatives, administrative officers and party leaders.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
navi mumbai: more than 3 lakh people turned up to witness the unveiling of the statues of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj and samarth ramdas swami at dastan phata in uran on sunday though the inauguration was delayed by more than two hours, said the navi mumbai police.
organisers pegged the crowd strength at more than 8 lakh.
all roads leading to the venue-a nearly 160-acre jnpt ground-were jam-packed through the day, said the police, who had a hard time managing the crowds.
chief minister devendra fadnavis , union minister for road transport, highways, shipping and water resources, river development nitingadkari gadkari and social reformer padmashri awardee appasaheb dharmadhikari unveiled the statues.
a two-minute silence was observed to pay a tribute to the soldiers killed in pulwama .
speaking at the event, fadnavis mentioned the air india building in nariman point and said  maharashtra government is keen on buying the iconic 23-story tower though jnpt has bid for it.
gadkari stressed on development of water transport in the mumbai metropolitan region.
on gadkari's request, dharmadhikari agreed to plant trees along the pune expressway as thousands of trees were cut for construction of the 90km high-speed road.
we will start the plantation drive soon, he said.
this story is from january 25, 2019bumpy ride: the protesters put up posters mocking union minister nitingadkari gadkari for delay in executing the six-.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: irked over the inordinate delay in the six-laning of the national highway 4, members of the tamil nadu state sand lorry owners federation in a sign of protest, on thursday attempted to repair a battered section of the road between vanagaram and poonamallee.
the protesters put up posters with caricatures of union minister for road transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari emerging from a pothole, moneybag in hand, reading, we paid crores but where are the roads?
the highways department collects toll for a six-lane road, but where are the lanes?
nhai acquired land to widen the road six years ago, but when will it start work?
we want an answer, s yuvaraj, president of the federation said.
yuvaraj was arrested along with 20 others for the protest at velappanchavadi junction on thursday.
yuvaraj added that several complaints have been filed with the police against nhai officials, holding them responsible for the fatal accidents due to the shoddy road.
two people were killed in the past three days on the stretch.
at junctions in velappanchavadi, thiruverkadu, and parivakkam, the bitumen has made way for craters.
and with heavy vehicles pounding the road during peak hours, there is little space for two-wheeler riders, who are forced to negotiate a risky ride on the roads shoulders to beat the crawling traffic.
we have no other option, otherwise we will be late to work, says uma, a resident of nerkundram.
our vehicles get punctured and there is a lot of dust because of the debris the traffic police use to fill the potholes.
you call this a highway?
you should see those up in the north, said taufiq, a truck driver who had come from haryana.
had this been my vehicle i would not have driven it on this road, he said.
highways department sources said a couple of days ago regional officer of nhai, pawan kumar, inspected the road and asked officials for an estimate to take up the repair work between poonamallee and maduravoyal immediately.
water tankers ply on the route through the day, affecting the road badly.
we will lay a concrete road on the stretch soon, said a senior official.
meanwhile, the official said they have awarded tender for six-laning of nh4 from walajapet to karaipettai and that work would commence by the end of february.
for the second part of the project from karaipettai to sriperumbudur, the tender would be awarded shortly.
we have also started preparing a detailed project report to construct an elevated corridor from sriperumbudur to maduravoyal.
it will take another five months to compile the dpr, project director of krishnagiri, nhai, d v narayanan said.
this story is from december 3, 2018union minister nitingadkari gadkari had sanctioned funds for the project under central road fund (crf)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the state public works departments (pwd) alleged favour to controversial kamptee-based abhi engineering has landed the rs31.
51 crore project to concretize zingabai takli-godhani (railway)-bokara-koradi in trouble.
the nagpur bench of bombay high court has stopped the pwd from issuing work order to abhi engineering.
denying the work order to lowest bidder  city-based aditya construction company, pwd had started the process to give the contract to abhi engineering, which was the second lowest bidder.
aditya construction filed a writ petition in the hc.
judges bp dharmadhikari and sm modak on october 30 ruled, no work order shall be issued in the matter.
this has come to fore from a letter issued by pwd to ngo yuva janjagruti sanghatan.
toi had on november 21 highlighted that the pwd was not executing the project despite tendering process completed two years ago, and the road was in a bad condition, causing mishaps regularly.
along with tois news, a delegation of the ngo headed by shreyas ramesh kale met pwd chief engineer ulhas debadwar on november 28, demanding immediate execution of the project.
in the reply dated november 30 to the ngo, the pwd said works on the project cannot be started till further hc orders.
the pwd letter also said temporary repair works cannot be done on the road as 4km of total 5.
6km fall under the jurisdiction of nagpur municipal corporation (nmc), and remaining 1.
6km under zilla parishad (zp).
the pwd added that nmc and zp can take up repair works.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari had sanctioned funds for the project under central road fund (crf).
only pwd can execute works under crf, so it was appointed nodal agency.
first, pwd started tendering process in december 2016, but lowest bidder reportedly did not start the works.
the pwd then floated fresh tenders in september this year.
aditya construction emerged lowest bidder by quoting rs26.
91 crore while abhi engineerings bid was rs27.
12 crore.
a pwd official told toi aditya construction was disqualified since it deposited less than the required additional performance security.
additional performance security is collected where the bidder submits a bid lower than the estimated cost.
we will follow whatever decision the hc gives, he said.
partner in aditya construction nilesh borikar accused pwd officials of acting in nexus with abhi engineering.
we deposited security of rs1.
76 crore as per terms and conditions.
pwd issued offer letter to abhi engineering and also started process to issue work order without any intimation to us.
pwd issued letter to us only after we approached the chief engineer.
as per hc orders, we can deposit additional security within a week of the opening of financial bids.
and, we have given additional security of rs23.
64 lakh in prescribed time period.
abhi engineering lodged a complaint and pwd officials took its cognisance.
it was fixing between pwd officials and abhi engineering, he said.
denying any nexus with pwd officials, ajju vijaywargi of abhi engineering said, we lodged a proper complaint that too in line with norms.
we are waiting for the hc orders, he said.
the hc order said, by placing reliance upon judgement dated september 6 in writ petition no.
5224 of 2018, submission is, deficit amount of rs30,000 roughly in submitting additional performance security cannot be seen as material contravention.
contention is, said condition, at the most, may be seen as collateral one, the hc said.
abhi engineering has been in controversy in nmc in almost all projects.
a couple of more cases are pending in the hc challenging eligibility of the company and experience certificates issued by mahagenco.
this story is from january 29, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: ahead of the ground breaking ceremony on february 2, the rs3,303 crore smart city project has been hit by a controversy.
bjp mla from east nagpur krishna khopde, who supported the project, has now opposed land pooling as well as recovery of development charges from owners, without which the project cannot be executed.
khopde met cm devendra fadnavis on sunday and demanded waiving of development charges, and also payment of compensation for land pooling.
he even claimed that fadnavis has assured to relax the two components of the project.
the nagpur municipal corporations (nmc) smart city special purpose vehicle  nagpur smart and sustainable city development corporation limited (nsscdcl)  has organized the bhoomipuja of the project on february 2.
fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari will be chief guests.
khopde told toi nsscdcl has illegally started to issue notices to people owing land and houses in smart city area covering pardi, punapur, bharatwada and bhandewadi.
nsscdcl will take 40  of total land area of people for the project.
the people from smart city area agreed to give the land.
now, nsscdcl is saying it will not pay any compensation for 40  land.
this is unjust.
nsscdcl should pay either cash compensation or give additional floor space index (fsi) or transferable development rights (tdr), he said.
khopde added nsscdcl has also illegally started to issue demand notes for development charges to land owners.
nsscdcl is levying development charges on remaining 60  of land area on the people.
it means people will lose 40  land and also pay for remaining 60  land despite being owners.
people owing the land in these areas are farmers or have poor financial condition.
no one will pay the development charges as demand notes are in crores, he said.
khopde also said nsscdcl never told him or the people about the land pooling and simultaneous development charges.
the congress, other political parties and activists are already opposing the town planning scheme in which the people will lose part of their land.
only khopde was supporting the scheme, and helped nmc and nsscdcl start activities in the project.
the project is completely dependent on land pooling and development charges.
of total rs3,303 crore cost, the centre, state and nmc will give rs876 crore.
remaining expenditure of rs 2,427 crore has to come from land pooling and development charges.
also, nsscdcl does not have land to develop the amenities.
all these will come up on the 40  land to be pooled by the people.
nsscdcl officials said the project cannot be executed if they have to pay compensation for 40  land and waive off development charges too.
at present, there are no civic amenities in this area.
people owing lands will get state-of-the-art facilities like roads, drinking water, sewage, storm water drain networks, streetlighting, gardens, recreational projects etc.
all these are compensation as against acquisition of 40  land.
this is part of town planning scheme, and being done as per norms.
state government has approved all these, he said.
the official added development charges are not new for the city.
nagpur improvement trust (nit) is recovering development charges for facilitating services in gunthewari layouts.
majority of plots and structures in smart city project are unauthorized.
development charges will not be recovered from regularized plots and structures, but from unauthorized ones.
development charges are the same as those fixed by nit, he said.
this story is from october 28, 2018file photo of nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on saturday said 10 methanol-run buses would be gifted each to mumbai, navi mumbai, pune and guwahati as a pilot project.
after ethanol, methanol as a fuel is another major invention.
cost of methanol is only rs22/litre and manufactured from coal.
already, rcf and few agencies are manufacturing methanol, he said.
addressing the inaugural programme of maharashtra mayors' council's 18th meeting in nagpur, he stressed the need to increase electric buses in public transport to cut down fuel imports and encourage eco-friendly and cheap public transport.
he advised mumbai mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar to direct best to replace diesel-run buses with electric, ethanol and methanol ones.
i also suggested the use of sand, being excavated from metro and others project in mumbai, he said.
he urged road developers to use a mixture of 30  glass, rubber and plastic waste (10  each) in bitumen/tar for road work to curb the problem of disposable waste and reduce costs.
two years back, gadkari permitted nhai and state pwd to mix only 8  of plastic waste in bitumen for resurfacing roads.
this story is from december 16, 2018punjab chief minister amarinder singhdownload the times of india news app for latest citychandigarh: the punjab government has sought expeditious approval of the proposed delhi-amritsar-katra expressway project.
this project would reduce distance between katra and delhi from existing 727 km to 572 km.
chief minister amarinder singh on saturday again took up the matter with union highway minister nitingadkari gadkari, urging him to consider project approval at the earliest.
the union government had proposed the expressway as greenfield project to connect the important religious cities of amritsar in punjab and katra in jammu and kashmir with the national capital.
the expressway is proposed to connect various important economic and religious centres in punjab, including dera baba nanak, attari border, qadian, tarn taran, gandiwind, goindwal sahib, makhu, ludhiana, kapurthala, jalandhar , muktsar sahib, malerkotla, talwandi sabo, moonak and patiala.
earlier on september 4, both the chief ministers of punjab as well as haryana in a meeting with gadkari at delhi had discussed the proposed alignment of the expressway as it would pass through both the states.
later, the punjab government had conveyed its consent for adoption of alignment starting from amritsar and going straight up to the igi airport, new delhi.
this story is from november 27, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykannur: the national highways authority of india (nhai) has issued the 3g notification for the nh bypass through keezhattur in the district, though the local residents had opposed it.
according to the notification issued in various newspapers on tuesday, the nhai has asked the land owners to appear before the authorities concerned to finalise the compensation and other formalities, which means that the alignment would not be changed now.
the residents of keezhattur, a cpm stronghold, launched the campaign last year, saying that the bypass through the paddy field would affect the local ecosystem and drain the water resources.
also, the land was identified in thaliparamba town earlier for the highway widening and the alignment was changed to satisfy some political and real estate interests, they said.
though the residents had launched an agitation, and most of the political parties except the cpm supported them, the campaign has now proved to be a failure.
also, following the intervention of the bjp leadership, a technical committee was sent to study the issue and the acquisition process was frozen temporarily.
though the committee had apparently observed that the place is ecologically sensitive, and all efforts should be made to avoid this stretch, the latest notification has proved that the government has scrapped the report to go ahead with the earlier alignment.
though union minister for road transport and highway, nitingadkari gadkari, promised to explore the possibility of the alternative alignment, this notification has proved the promise was not kept, said local resident suresh keezhattur, who is at the forefront of the campaign by vayalkkilikal.
yes, our agitation failed for sure, but ours is not the one and only agitation that failed and there are umpteen such campaigns for the protection of environment that failed, which shows that the existence of kerala is at stake but the authorities feign ignorance about it in the name of development, he said.
however, the campaign to sensitise the society about the dangers of such developments would continue, he said, adding that the recent flood was the result of insensitive development that violated the rules of nature.
lucknow:the centre would soon start seeking 'donation' from people for the 'clean ganga' project for making the river pollution-free, its rejuvenation, conservation and beautification of its embankments.
union road transport, shipping and water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari , who also holds the charge of river development and ganga rejuvenation, said that those giving rs 1 crore and above for the cause would be honoured with citations and mementos.
the ganga is associated with 'aastha' (faith).
people should come forward to lend a helping hand to the government in making the river pollution-free, he said while speaking to reporters at a conference on 'new technology for road construction'.
we appeal to people to contribute to the fund through direct transfer online, he said.
he said that his ministry would seek donations from at least 1 crore people in the country.
the fund would be used to beautify the embankment of ganga besides constructing dharamshalas and crematoriums called mokshadham close to the banks.
he said that his ministry has also set a target of planting 10 crore saplings along the sacred river.
the government, he said, also wants big business houses to adopt villages along the river that flows over 2,525 km, of which 1,140 km is in up.
the union minister said that around 97 projects worth rs 2,200 crores have either been initiated or are in the pipeline under clean ganga project.
he said that the up and mp governments have given formal approval to the rs 25,000 crore project.
this story is from january 4, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
shimla: chief minister jai ram thakur met union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on thursday and requested for in-principle approval for declaration of 53 state roads as national highways, for which alignments have already been submitted to the ministry.
he also requested sanctioning estimates of the five remaining national highways approved in principle, besides notification of the sarkaghat-ghumarwin and ranitalkotla state roads as new national highways.
he demanded entrustment of theog-hatkoti to the state pwd for development and maintenance as well as sanctioning estimates for theog bypass.
seeking ministry approval for inclusion of hamirpur-mandi (nh 70) and paonta sahibgummafedaj bridge (nh 72) under nhiip phase 2, he said roads are lifelines for the hill state and the best mode of connectivity within the state.
therefore, speedy action on these projects will pave the way for better connectivity.
thakur apprised gadkari about slow progress of four-laning work on the kalka-solan nh project, saying it is causing traffic congestion and inconvenience to tourists.
according to him, there has been no progress on mataur-shimla (nh 88) and pathankotmandi (nh 20).
he also requested for proper maintenance of nadaun-hamirpur and brahmpukharshimla (nh 88), pathankotmandi (nh 20) roads.
the cm told gadkari that work on kiratpur sahebner chowk (nh 21) has been stopped and added that there is a delay in awarding the pinjore-baddi-nalagarh four-laning project.
however, he requested that construction work be started soon as it is the lifeline for industrial area.
jai ramthakur also requested the centre for reimbursement of funds against utilization certificates submitted by the state government.
he was informed that work on pathankot-mandi will be started at the earliest and rs 27 crore has been provided for the project.
he was also assured that efforts would be made to start maintenance work on kiratpur saheb-nerchowk soon.
this story is from november 2, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
more than 80  of people in cities would prefer to take public transport instead of using their personal vehicles if there is robust and affordable first- and last-mile connectivity, a study by a major taxi aggregator found.
the report, ease of moving index, by ola mobility institute comes at a time when governments have started focusing on shifting people to public transport to reduce urban congestion and deteriorating ambient air quality across cities in india.
among the metros, kolkata got the maximum score on mobility parameters followed by delhi, chennai, hyderabad, bengaluru and mumbai.
with its established and affordable public transit system, kolkata expectedly topped the rankings.
delhi, which is perceived as a car-centric city, had the best feedback for road quality and availability of parking spaces.
in the second category, of booming cities, patna outshined others, followed by surat, ahmedabad, bhopal, jaipur, indore and kochi.
bhubaneswar got the top score in the third category of promising cities, followed by kohima, vijayawada, mysuru, jammu, nanded and jabalpur.
he said the number of people hailing taxis daily is projected to increase three-fold in the next 3-4 years from 35 lakh today.
according to the report, which is based on direct feedback from 43,000 respondents across 20 cities, more than 60  of people surveyed said they use public transport.
but a telling finding was that six out of every 10 non-users said they were willing to shift to public transport provided its coverage, first and last-mile connectivity, frequency, and comfort were improved.
today, almost 70  of the public transport users rely on cabs, autos, and non-motorised tranaport to access buses, metros, etc.
integrating intermediate public transport (ipt) with modes of public transit through offline and online multimodal terminals and fare integration, can augment public transport usage in india, the report said.
respondents said that ipt modes, which include taxis, three-wheelers and e-rickshaws, must be afforadble, easily available and comfortable.
more than one-third of the respondents, who admitted using public transport, said they had no other choice and 21  said it was affordable.
the study also found safety as one of the major concerns while making the choice to adopt any mode of public transport.
in an endorsement of green technology, nearly 75  of respondents believed electric vehicles have the potential to replace conventional vehicles by 2030.
we are taking a number of steps to address the concern of safety.
all new transport vehicles will have to install the vehicle tracking devices and emergency alert buttons from january 1.
we have advised states to take the help of the device suppliers till they put in place their own control and command centre, a transport ministry official said.
interestingly, the study by the ola institute claims that 30  of private car owners are willing to put up their vehicle for hire and another 50  expressed willingness to explore this option, if there was a policy in place.
earlier a similar idea pushed by uber to allow private vehicles to transport passengers in the guise of shared mobility was turned down by the government citing regulatory issues.
this story is from november 7, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: decks have been cleared for a new road to divert traffic while the stretch along futala lake is closed for redevelopment.
dr panjabrao deshmukh krishi vidyapeeth (pdkv) has agreed to hand over its lush green land for the new road connecting bharat nagar square on amravati road to maharashtra jeevan pradhikaran (mjp) office at telangkhedi hanuman mandir road.
toi was the first to highlight the proposal by nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) and mahametro to develop the 18 meter wide and 500 meter long cement concrete road.
pdkv registrar prakash kadu told toi the executive council headed by vice-chancellor gave consent to hand over the land.
the proposed road is reserved in citys development plan (dp) approved in 2001.
therefore, pdkv has cleared the proposal, he said.
kadu said the proposed road will not have any impact on pdkvs centre of excellence for citrus at the site.
pdkv has imposed a condition that nmc will construct and hand over compound wall along the road on both sides to protect its remaining land.
also, pdkv has asked for erection of two gates since the land will be divided into two parts because of the road, he said.
pdkv gave clearance for the project last month and submitted it to the agriculture department.
now, the state government will approve it.
the road will come up where tall trees planted by pdkv are situated.
pdkvs centre of excellence for citrus will be on the right side of the road.
developed under indo-israel project, the centre produces over a lakh saplings of orange and mossambi, which are sold to farmers every year.
nmc sources told toi city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari or cm devendra fadnavis directed pdkv, so the issue was resolved without any delay.
pdkv usually refuses to give land for development projects.
pdkv delayed handing over land for new road behind morbhavan for years.
pdkv is also not giving land for proposed cycling and jogging track along vip road, sources said.
green activists are likely to condemn the decision.
around one hectare lush green land will be converted into the road.
a large number of big trees, including teak, are situated on the land.
also, the area is home to various species of birds, monkeys etc.
over 500 trees will need to be chopped.
the movement of vehicles will also have an impact on greenery as well as resident birds and animals.
the development plan also includes widening of the road from mjp office to telangkhedi hanuman mandir to wcl head office.
this will also bring down some trees.
the road will be permanent, and will be open even after completion of futala lake redevelopment project costing rs112 crore.
mahametro, which has been assigned the redevelopment project, will also construct the road.
for the redevelopment project, mahametro has started tendering process for construction of tunnel road and viewers gallery in place of existing road along the lake.
as per the revised plan, the gallery with seating capacity of over 4,000 will come up facing the lake.
the tunnel road will be constructed behind the gallery.
both will come up in the space taken up by the existing road.
parking and restaurants will come up behind the tunnel road, where the restaurants used to exist till last month.
this story is from january 26, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: in a letter to prime minister narendra modi and union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari, the congress has suggested that the cable-stayed mandovi bridge and the under-construction zuari bridge be named after goas first chief minister dayanand bandodkar and goas first opposition leader dr jack de sequeiranaming the new bridges after such eminent goans would be the perfect way for goans to connect to their past as well as help future generations recall history, said opposition leader chandrakant kavlekar.
calling bandodkar and sequeira eminent goans who have done the state proud, goa congress president girish chodankar said, on behalf of goans, we demand that we perpetuate their memories by giving their names to these new bridges.
he said their demand reflected the popular sentiment of goans.
the new mandovi bridge, built by l&t, will be inaugurated on january 27.
this story is from january 8, 2019as the suv rammed the motorcycle, nisha was thrown off the flyover and fell into the drain below.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: a day after a woman died in an accident on the barapullah flyover, police have arrested the driver of the suv, dr madhu sudan chaudhary (68).
the accused owns a private hospital in west vinod nagar and was on his way home when the incident took place.
chaudhary, who retired from the indian air force in 2000, told cops that he lost control of his suv while overtaking another vehicle and hit the motorcycle.
the victim, identified as nisha, was thrown off the flyover and fell into the drain below while her husband, sunny, was dragged along with his motorcycle for a few metres.
he remains under medical observation after suffering injuries to his head and legs.
waiting outside aiims trauma centre, sunnys cousin, nitingadkari , told toi that the couple had got married last year and were returning from a marriage ceremony in east delhis trilokpuri.
some of our relatives were also traveling in an autorickshaw and witnessed the accident.
the speeding car hit the motorcycle from behind.
we saw sunny lying on the road but couldnt find nisha, he said.
later, when cops started looking around, they found nisha in the drain below the flyover and rushed her to the hospital where she was declared brought dead.
family members are worried as doctors have said that they may have to amputate sunnys leg.
nitin said that sunny works as a driver with a cab service.
the couple did not have any children and were living with their parents in dwarka sector 7.
investigating officers have collected the cctv footage from the flyover to probe if the errant driver was driving in a rash manner.
they have also recorded the statements of the eyewitnesses.
as sunny is yet to gain consciousness, cops are still waiting to record his statement.
new delhi: eyeing the red bastion of tripura  where the left has been in power since 1993  in the forthcoming february elections, bjp and rss leaders held a meeting on sunday at union home minister rajnath singhs residence.
the leaders discussed election strategy for tripura, meghalaya and nagaland, people familiar with the meeting said.
bjp is set to begin its campaign from this week itself.
bjp will bank on its most-dependable face, prime minister narendra modi , in the upcoming assembly elections.
pm modi is expected to hold two rallies in tripura  in north tripura and south tripura districts  towards the end of january.
bjp may have high ambitions of forming a government in tripura, but faces an uphill task.
it could manage only 1.
4  votes in the last assembly elections in 2013 and all its candidates had lost their deposit.
however, this time the party is confident as it has poached congress and trinamool congress leaders.
all six trinamool mlas and one of the three congress legislators in the present assembly defected to bjp recently.
the left front is in power in tripura since 1993, while manik sarkar has been cm since 1998.
sarkar government has more than a two-thirds majority with 51 mlas in the 60-member assembly.
there is strong anti-incumbency against the left government here and we are talking about parivartan (change).
only the cpm flagbearers have got benefits from the government.
the state is still backward while the rest of the country has progressed.
moreover, people here like modi and will vote for us, bjp state in-charge sunil deodhar told et.
bjp is in talks with indigenous peoples front of tripura (ipft), an anti-left organisation that has been demanding separate statehood, for an alliance.
though the two parties are ideologically different, bjp is not averse to a tie-up for electoral gains.
ipft has a presence in around six assembly seats of the state, sources said.
bjp has already pressed uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath into campaigning in tripura.
however, deodhar claims this is to influence the nath and deonath followers who swear by yogi adityanath and the gorakhnath mutt.
these followers want obc status but the left has not heeded to their demand.
bjp is likely to make this a poll promise.
union minister rajnath singh , nitingadkari gadkari and smriti irani are slated to campaign in the state in the coming days.
the party has also worked on building its cadre in tripura in the last two years and claims to have workers from the booth level and upwards.
a rally by bjp chief amit shah in ambassa last week was well-attended.
the bjp campaign will pick up soon.
assam finance minister himanta biswa sarma, who heads the north east democratic alliance (neda), will inaugurate bjps election office in agartala on january 16.
sarma is also handling the talks with ipft and will play an active role in ticket distribution and preparing the bjp campaign strategy.
however, bjp faces a tough challenge from the left as it still has a strong cadre and its supporters are ideologically opposed to bjp.
this story is from december 17, 2018devendra fadnavis cm maharashtra and union minister nitingadkari gadkari flagged of the trail run of maazee metro nag.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: mahametro will start building its viaduct over gowari flyover at rani jhansi square from monday.
the work of girder launching will be done.
it is a part of sitabuldi-hingna road stretch of nagpur metro.
the portion over the flyover will exist between pier (column) number 292 and 296.
a 36m long span will be constructed using segments.
this is the first time that mahametro will build its viaduct over an existing flyover.
the height of the flyover is 10.
19m.
the height of the viaduct over it will be 17.
06m.
thus, the distance between the two structures will be 7.
41m.
the piers on both sides of the flyover have been built up to a height of about 17m.
a metro official said that right now there were two level of traffic on rani jhansi square.
after completion of the viaduct, it will become three level, he added.
the work of constructing the span over the flyover will be done using hybrid erection scheme, ground support system and overhead girder launching.
the segments will be launched one by one high capacity tyre mount hydraulic crane.
the work will be mainly done at night to avoid inconvenience to citizens.
permission from traffic police has been taken for this work.
this story is from january 14, 2019narendra modi, m k stalin and tamilisai soundararajan shared a frame not too long ago in 2017download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
in politics, nothing happens by accident, said franklin d roosevelt .
if it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.
narendra modi wasnt being naturally nice when he said last week that the bjps doors were open to old friends.
the message was clear: the bjp is desperate to have an electoral alliance with the dmk.
the aidmk, in spite of some noises a few ministers have made against the centre, remains the bjps natural ally, though aiadmk leaders may still be debating if the alliance should happen before or after the elections.
modi and amit shah have realized the dmk is clearly on a better wicket in tamil nadu than the eps- led aiadmk, which has been in power for close to two years more by providence than prowess.
having a tie-up with the dmk would mean a double benefit for the bjp: one, it gets the party that looks most promising by its side; two, it deals a body blow to the united opposition.
it was dmk president m k stalin who, on december 16, first proposed rahul gandhi as the oppositions prime ministerial candidate.
having him on board the nda would take the wind out of the gathbandhan sails, at least in the south.
stalin snubbed modi the very next day.
modi is no atal bihari vajpayee, he said, alluding to the prime ministers statement that the bjps open door was in line with former prime minister a b vajpayees philosophy of inclusiveness.
if modis reference to vajpayee was ostensibly to remind stalin about his father m karunanidhi joining the nda in 1999, stalins retort was acerbic.
and then he said something that made him sound almost like his dad (who could embed more than two divergent meanings in a seemingly straight statement): the dmk will not be part of any alliance which has modi as the leader.
many paraphrased it to say stalin has ruled out an alliance with the bjp.
the operative part, however, is that he would not ally with the bjp as long as modi is at the helm.
what about a post-poll arrangement with the bjp with someone else as the head?
nobody asked stalin that question.
and a certain person called nitingadkari gadkari would love to hear the answer.
stalin, from the day he took over as the dmk president in august last year, has been attacking modi.
on the day of unveiling of the karunanidhi statue, in the presence of sonia, rahul, chandrababu naidu and pinarayi vijayan, stalin called modi a nazist, a fascist and a sadist.
now he has turned down the offer for an alliance, but modi has not returned a harsh word.
thats a clever politician who grins and bears insults  till the right time to bare his fangs.
bjps state president tamilisai soundararajan clearly doesnt understand this.
trying to be more loyal than the king, tamilisai said, by old friends, modi meant the pmk and the dmdk, not the dmk.
that should prove counterproductive to modis slow enticement policy.
tamilisai even rubbed the aiadmk the wrong way with her comment that it was unhealthy governance in tamil nadu.
information minister kadambur raju, who was just cooling down after the sarkar controversy went into a rage.
lotus will never bloom in tamil nadu.
the bjp will lose its deposit and not get as much votes as nota, he said.
the bjp is in an unenviable position in tamil nadu as the battle nears.
as leo tolstoy said, the two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
amravati: textile major raymonds commissioned the first phase of its greenfield project in the cotton growing district of amravati.
however, the company will be currently manufacturing only linen, a high-end fabric made from flax, a crop grown in france and belgium.
plans for the second phase, which may use locally grown cotton, would be announced in due course.
the commercial operations of the unit are slated to begin by april 2018.
the government has been encouraging textile units in the district to provide a boost to local cotton growers.
raymonds was being dubbed as an anchor investor, which would pull more units to the district.
the unit set up at midcs nandgaon peth industrial estate here, is also the first industry in the state to start operations after a mou was signed at prime minister narendra modis make-in-india event, last year.
the mou was signed in february last year, and the unit has been set up in a record time in december.
this would be raymonds third unit in central india, and the second in vidarbha.
the company has a denim plant at yavatmal, and a woollen fabric unit in chhindwara district, on the madhya pradesh-maharashtra border.
the plant has been set up with an investment rs220 crore.
it would be providing direct employment to 500 persons, which gives it the status of a mega project as per the states industrial norms.
the unit was inaugurated in the presence of raymond group chairman, gautam hari singhania, chief minister devendra fadnavis and union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
fadnavis also attended the stone laying ceremony of mahi terri cot, which will be setting up a unit to make towels, on sunday.
he said, prime minister narendra modis idea is to have industries to process agriculture produce.
with amravati being a cotton growing area, the stress was to have an integrated chain from the crop to garment itself.
however, raymonds will not be depending on local cotton in its first phase at least.
this is raymonds first plant to make linen directly out of fibre.
the fibre is, however, made from flax, which india does not grow in the desired quality or quantity.
the company officials did not reveal any fixed plans for the second phase of the unit, which is supposed to use cotton.
earlier, there was a plan to have a denim manufacturing unit in the second phase, for which cotton is required.
but now it would not be denim, and further plans are still to be firmed up, said sk gupta, companys president (corporate), told toi without divulging further details.
the company already has a denim facility at yavatmal, which has been expanded by 10 million meters over last two years with rs150 crore investment.
the country already has an excessive capacity for denim at 1.
8 billion meters a year.
this leaves little space for expansion, said gupta.
at yavatmal, which is also a cotton growing area, raymonds purchases 2,200 tonnes of cotton, 98  procured locally, he said.
fadnavis asked the company to come up with the second phase at the earliest.
singhania said the company will also have a singhania school, with capacity to take in 3,500 students, including outsiders.
the company also inaugurated a 200-unit residential complex, which will also be expanded later.
being a union leader himself, he has been instrumental in reviving units.
this story is from november 13, 2018ex-karnataka cm siddaramaiah pays his last respects to ananth kumarbengaluru/new delhi: just three months ago, in the midst of a busy monsoon session, ananth kumar bustled busily through central hall of parliament, barely breaking stride to field a question or two on the fate of a couple of contentious bills pending in rajya sabha where the government lacks numbers.
airily confident, he said the bills would go through and then, sensing the scepticism of his audience, added, just wait sir, see what happens in the house.
it was hard to tell from the glint in his eye, if he was putting up a brave front or had managed some alchemy in the house.
he was fully capable of both.
his demeanour gave no hint that he was battling a life threatening condition and kumars demise due to cancer in the early hours of monday came as a shock to many who knew him as a combative and successful politician who won the bengaluru south lok sabha seat six times on the trot since 1996.
he was 59.
a brahmin in a state where obcs and dominant agricultural communities like lingayats and vokkaligas have held sway in politics (barring ramakrishna hegdes prominence), kumar found greater prominence in national politics, holding several portfolios in nda governments and handling several organisational assignments.
in karnataka, his hold over his constituency was legendary, but he never quite became a mass leader, bjp choosing leaders like b s yeddyurappa who had a wider voter base.
one of bjp veteran l k advanis proteges, kumar was a familiar figure for the national media which he met often enough.
cautious in formal interactions, he could be relaxed in informal settings, relating anecdotes with gusto.
his last assignment as parliamentary affairs minister was challenging, given the bitter relations between congress and bjp and the oppositions greater numbers in rajya sabha which stalled important legislation.
he read parliament astutely, quickly detecting trouble by way of an aggressive disrupter or a notice.
though instinctively assertive, he could network across the aisles.
despite lacking the heft of other gennext leaders groomed by advani, kumar figured in the delhi six  leaders seen as likely to lead bjp in the post advani-vajpayee years.
as things turned out, rsss choice in 2009 turned out to be an outsider, nitingadkari gadkari.
kumars hardworking ways made him indispensable to successive bjp presidents though that honour eluded him despite an early start in politics.
in karnataka, kumars success and profile as three-time union minister meant his political longevity put him at par with veterans like former pm h d deve gowda and congress leader mallikarjun kharge .
with little or no community support, kumar carved his space, with his constituency serving as a bastion that even a middle class icon like it entrepreneur nandan nilekani could not rock.
born in a middle class family on july 22, 1959, kumar graduated with a bachelor of arts degree from k s arts college in hubbali, affiliated to the karnataka university, and later completed his law degree (llb) from jss law college, mysore university.
he was a member of akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp) during emergency and was incarcerated.
he was one of the youngest member of parliament elected from bangalore south in 1996, at the age of 37, and never looked back.
under pm narendra modi, kumar adapted himself to a new style of functioning despite being identified with the advani camp and became a key player in the modi cabinet.
this story is from january 30, 2019union minister got up from his seat to offer water to mg vaidya, at the memorial lecture on the 97th birth ann.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: a concerted attempt is being made to discredit indias roots in hinduism .
the loss of indias position as fountainhead of a very ancient culture and knowledge would not bode well for the world, said tarun vijay , ex-mp and former editor of rss mouthpiece panchajanya.
in mizoram , this years official republic day function had no public attendance as christian groups called a boycott.
the film made on mary koms inspiring life story as boxing champion cannot be shown in her native state manipurs cinema halls because hindi is banned in that state, he said.
today, the supreme court is being asked to decide if asato ma jyotirgamaya can be recited in schools as a prayer.
the court decision on sabarimala goes against an ancient tradition that people respect, reminded tarun vijay, adding that religious conversions being carried out to woo tribals, mainly in north-east states, was also an attack on indias hindu roots.
tarun vijay was delivering the memorial lecture on the 97th birth anniversary of prof rajendra singh (rajju bhaiyya), rss sarsanghachalak from 1994 to 2000.
the first in the series of lectures was organized by rajju bhaiyya smruti sansthan.
rajju bhaiyya sacrificed his life for the nation and was always worried about the tribals and the attempts to break hindu unity.
there is no place for caste and class discrimination if india has to survive, and unless hindus unite, there is no future for the country, said vijay, who was speaking on the theme social transformation and india of future.
echoing rajju bhaiyyas thoughts, tarun vijay said, if we do not learn from history and ponder over reasons how babar from gajni could get away with destruction and looting spree in india, or why british could succeed in keeping our country enslaved for so long, then the ancient civilization that india symbolizes remains under great threat.
without its hindu roots, india will never be able to achieve global leadership role, he said.
rss seniormost ideologue mg vaidya, anand-hi-anand founder and young saint vivek, and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari were special guests at the well-attended lecture at persistent auditorium.
vaidya remembered his association with each of the rss chiefs since its inception in 1925, and his two-decade camaraderie with rss third chief balasaheb deoras, who had given him the power to edit his speeches, mainly those delivered at annual vijayadashami rallies.
paying rich tributes to rajju bhaiyya, gadkari remembered nuclear scientist homi bhabhas lament that country had lost a scientist in rajju bhaiyya, who gave up his academic life as a physicist to dedicate his life to nation building through rss.
(this article was originally published by the economic times on 19/11/2018)the tough policy stance taken by the rbi is making it difficult for investors to secure funding for major infrastructure projects, said road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari .
edited excerpts:at present, i am concentrating all my efforts on my ministry because in party activities, we have a very small role as a member of parliamentary board.
as far as the performance of our state governments are concerned, the agricultural growth rate in madhya pradesh is 23   the highest in the country.
in chhattisgarh also, the growth rate and development have been marvellous.
in rajasthan, rajes government has done an excellent job.
i am confident that we will get a reasonably good majority in these states.
i am a very positive person.
the only problem i am facing is that we have at least 150 projects worth rs 2 lakh crore that are stuck.
the financial closure by banks is becoming a very tough thing for the investor.
i feel that it is the appropriate time for the reserve bank to support infrastructure as far as our growth is concerned.
but unfortunately, many times the circulars issued by the rbi end up creating more complications.
i have discussed the issue with the finance minister.
when i had taken charge as minister, there were 403 stuck projects worth rs 3.
85 lakh crore.
by sorting them out, my department saved indian bankers npas worth rs 3 lakh crore.
our track record is good.
the contractors are in a good position.
earlier, when there were problems such as land acquisition, environmental issues, the banks supported the contractors.
now, when everything is clear, the economic situation is good, the government is transparent, and decision-making is fast, i dont know why banks are not making financial closures just because of some rbi circulars.
it is very painful for me to tell you this as a cabinet minister.
this is the time that i expect bankers and the reserve bank to support infrastructure because last years contribution of my department to gdp was 3 , and if the banks support me, i guarantee we will make 3.
5  contribution to gdp.
all our projects are economically viable.
the internal rate of return is good.
it is not my job.
i do not want to meet him (the governor).
my experience has not been good.
you meet someone only if you think that hell do something.
we have some 11-12 bundles of national highway stretches.
the time when our first bundle was launched under the toll-operate-transfer model, our expectation was rs 6,400 crore, and we got rs 10,000 crore.
now we have another bundle coming up through which we are hoping to raise rs 5,000 crore.
we are hoping several international funds to bid.
actually, it is a very interesting project, and i will appeal to all the investors (to take part in it).
our logistics cost is 16-18 , in china it is 8-10 , in european countries it is 12-13 .
waterways are cheaper than roads and railways, and by using methanol as fuel, it could also be the green mode.
so now, we have started transport in ganga.
for kumbh, we have completed dredging from allahabad to varanasi, and we are making four river ports in allahabad and four multimodal hubs along the river.
we have already completed one in varanasi and the ones in haldia, sahibganj and ghazipur will be completed within three months.
we are making a 12-lane express highway between delhi and mumbai which will be access controlled.
works worth `44,000 crore have already been awarded between vadodara and mumbai, and in the next 15 days, we are going to award work from delhi to jaipur.
the most important thing is that this passes through the backward and tribal areas of rajasthan, haryana, maharashtra and gujarat.
the total land acquisition cost which we have saved because of new alignment is rs 16,000 crore.
in the next two-and-a half years, the road travel between delhi and mumbai would be reduced to 12 hours.
i am not an ambitious politician  i have a mission.
i belong to the rss.
for me, politics is an instrument for socio-economic transformation.
i do not have any pr with anybody.
i do not want to use any methods for any new ambition.
i am happy with the work i am doing right now.
this story is from december 20, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhiwandi: a biker and his pillion rider were attacked with swords by six people who were in a car in bhiwandi on tuesday night.
the biker, ritik jadhav, and his pillion, pankaj dumada, said the car had sped past their bike and they called out to tell the driver to drive properly.
irked at that, the driver halted the car and the six personssagar jadhav, rohan jadhav, nilesh jadhav, nitingadkari , satish and swapnil (three of them identified only by their first names) allegedly started to abuse and assault ritik and pankaj close two where the youngsters live.
the police said that ritiks brother, swapnil, rushed to the spot on learning that his brother and his friend were being attacked.
swapnil who reached there started assaulting six men with a bamboo, said the police.
thats when they brought out a sword from the car and attacked the two brothers while the friend fled from the spot, said an officer.
the two brother have sustained serious injuries and were taken to indira gandhi memorial hospital in bhiwandi.
while a case of assault has been registered against the six men at bhiwandi taluka police station.
the six men have lodged a cross complaint of assault against the three.
this story is from january 15, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: a local court has denied bail to four persons accused of operationg an interstate sex determination racket.
a team of punjab health department officials, along with gurugram police and district health officials, had busted the racket in the city on december 30 and arrested the accused.
identified as satish, devender, nitingadkari and gopal, the accused used to bring pregnant women from punjab and haryana to gurugram or taken them to shahjahanpur and other parts of up for sex determination and termination of pregnancy in case it was a girl child, public prosecutor sumit saini said.
while satish and devender used to look for customers, gopal used to arrange tie-ups with ultrasound clinics to carry out the procedure, and nitingadkari used to take clients to the clinic.
the court rejected their bail application on the ground that it is a very serious offence and the accused may influence witnesses after coming out of jail, saini said.
the arrests followed a tip-off received by the punjab health department about a racket operating out of gurugram last month.
based on this, health departments of both states had jointly formed a team.
the team tracked down some people in punjab with whom the accused were in touch.
with the help of a decoy, they managed to fix a deal for sex determination for rs 35,000.
the accused asked the customer to reach gurugram on december 30.
after the decoy met the accused at gurugram bus stand and handed over the money, they took her to a clinic in shivaji nagar, where they were arrested red-handed by cops.
this story is from february 6, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ramtek: showing no qualms about government's association with rss, maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao, on tuesday, said he was proud to be part of 'sanghstan' and that misconceptions abound about the saffron organisation.
the new term, publicly used by rao to denote the nagpur-based rss, took even the dignitaries by surprise, including union minister nitingadkari gadkari and rss general secretary bhaiyaji joshi, both one-time pracharaks.
governor rao said, we all have come from sanghstan and are proud to be associated with it, before his address, but he used the word several times in his 30-minute speech at the inauguration of ms golwarkar gurukul at the kavikulguru kalidas sanskr it university.
this story is from november 6, 2018picture for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citypune: politics has played spoilsport in the commencement of construction of the new terminal building of the pune airport the construction work was supposed to start after the bhoomi puja but unavailability of some political bigwigs for the event has put paid to such plans.
the officials had announced last month that the construction of the terminal building would start from october 20 after the bhoomi puja.
however, airport sources told toi that they dont have any idea when the construction of the building, costing nearly rs400 crore, will start.
we cannot comment much.
we have heard that some senior leaders are expected to attend the event.
we hope that it takes place soon, an airport official said.
pune mp anil shirole, who, along with pune airport director ajay kumar, had announced the date last month, said that he had written to political bigwigs requesting them to attend the event.
a week after the announcement, i wrote to many leaders including union minister of roads transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari , defence minister nirmala sitharaman, civil aviation minister suresh prabhu , minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha and chief minister devendra fadnavis .
this is an important project and the presence of leaders, all of whom have been a part of the project, is important.
they havent given their confirmation yet but i expect it to happen soon, shirole said.
in earlier talks, the airport authorities have said that they were expecting the new terminal building to be ready by mid-2021 but would try and complete it by 2020 .
the airport director had said last month that the new building will be integrated with the existing one.
amogh rathi, a frequent flyer, said that such delays were unacceptable.
the airport witnesses utter chaos most of the time and delaying a project only because some political bigwigs are not available, is deplorable, he said.
with the country and some states already in election mode, some mega pr event will be hosted for highlighting the work but delaying the commencement of such a critical project to suit availability of some ministers is just not acceptable, aviation expert and analyst dhairyashil vandekar said.
this story is from january 17, 2019the two robs were part of integrated road development project (irdp), which was launched in 2001.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: after a delay of over nine years, the phase ii of ramjhula railway overbridge (rob) will finally be opened for public on january 18.
it will be inaugurated by chief minister devendra fadnavis and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari the two robs were part of integrated road development project (irdp), which was launched in 2001.
at that time, their cost was rs20 crore.
both the robs were to be built by nagpur municipal corporation (nmc), but state government decided to get it constructed by maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) on build operate and transfer (bot) basis.
it took five years for the government and msrdc to issue a work order in january, 2006.
both the phases were to be completed by july, 2009.
however, due to various reasons the project got inordinately delayed.
the phase i opened in december 2014.
msrdc then demolished the old rob and began construction on phase ii.
it also constructed a road from kadbi square to cotton market square under this project.
the second rob will not solve the traffic problems of jaistambh square and hence gadkari has mahametro to do a complete makeover of the roads around the square.
according to msrdc officials, there were various reasons for the delay.
we faced problems in acquiring railway land.
then, there was problem in procurement of cables from south korea , japan and south africa .
obtaining various permissions from the railways also got delayed, said an official.
the initial cost of both the phases as per work order was rs46 crore.
the msrdc has spent over rs113 crore on them and thus the cost has escalated by 150 .
according to the official, the length of the rob, including approaches, is 600 metres.
it is a six-lane structure with three lanes in each bridge.
the length of the cable-stayed bridge is 200 metres.
the height of the robs is 56 metres.
the official said that the state government had revised the cost to rs70 crore, but actual expenditure went up as rs25 crore had to be paid to the railways as maintenance charges.
the project consultant rites charged about rs6 crore.
according to msrdc records, the project got nine extensions.
the first extension was given in april, 2010 (nine months after the deadline) for eight months.
the ninth extension was granted till january, 2018.
the msrdc took one more year beyond this deadline.
msrdc officials rue that the agency had spent rs432 crore on irdp, but had received only rs295.
66 crore leaving a deficit of rs136.
34 crore.
lucknow: water transport would start from varanasi to allahabad before the beginning of kumbh in 2019, said union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on thursday.
plans are already under way to extend varanasi-haldiya water transport facility upto ghazipur, he added.
he said that up cm has complained about potholes in nhai roads and rs 200 crore have been sanctioned today itself to repair them.
the minister said that rs 156 crore had been given to nhai three weeks ago to sort out problems on rae bareli-allahabad highway.
a total of 55 road projects had been sanctioned in up and dprs of 35 projects had been completed.
the project would help the parched bundelkhand region across mp and up and around 6.
5 lakh hectare in up and 7 lakh hectares in mp would get irrigated.
patna: the bjp on monday took a dig at former deputy chief minister and leader of opposition in state assembly tejashwi prasad yadav for his plans to launch statewide nyay yatra from katihar on february 10 to mobilise people against the perceived danger to the countrys constitution under the bjp-led nda government at the centre.
state health minister and former state bjp chief mangal pandey said tejashwi should first save rjd, his father lalu prasad and entire family.
it was lalu and his family members who violated the constitution and laws of the land to make benami property, pandey said.
rudys plea to gadkari: former union minister rajiv pratap rudy on monday called on union minister for road transport and national highways nitingadkari gadkari at his official residence in new delhi and pleaded for the conversion of the 150km road between sonepur and manjhi into national highway.
in his communiqu, rudy said he met gadkari along with another bjp mp sanjay jaiswal and submitted the plea on behalf of other mps from the area  union minister radha mohan singh , janardan singh sigriwal, om prakash yadav, ajay nishad and janak ram.
the existing 150km road, which is proposed to link sonepur with the nepal border, passes through dariapur, maker, amnaur, taraiya, panapur, mashrakh, baikunthpur, sidhwalia and barauli.
rudy said its conversion into national highway had strategic importance.
the six lok sabha constituencies through which the road is proposed to pass are muzaffarpur, saran, siwan, gopalganj, west champaran and valmikinagar.
shashi tharoordownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
thiruvananthapuram: shashi tharoor mp has lent a hand in support of the local residents who are agitating for a better compensation for land they surrendered for the widening of kazhakkoottam-karode national highway stretch.
in a letter sent to the union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari , tharoor expressed his protest against the move of national highway authority of india (nhai) to legally challenge the increased compensation ordered by the arbitrator.
members of kazhakkoottam-karode national highway action council conducted a dharna in front of regional office of nhai here on tuesday, marking the beginning of a fresh round of protests.
in his letter, tharoor pointed out that the determination of land value in chenkal-karode stretch was not fair in comparison to the land value fixed for kottukal-thirupuram stretch, and the nature of value determination was arbitrary and against the principles of natural justice.
the letter further said that it had caused serious disparity, discrimination and undue hardships among the residents.
the claimants had subsequently received a favourable arbitral award to enhance compensation by 50 .
however, the union governments decision to approach the court challenging this order will further prolong the residents struggle for justice, he said.
hundreds of land owners from kottukal, kanjiramkulam, thirupuram, chenkal and karode villages attended the dharna at nhai regional office.
action council chairman v sudhakaran said that they waited for several hours for the nhai project director to arrive, but, in vain.
as per the new guidelines issued by the centre, the land owners are eligible for compensation under the first schedule of right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement act, 2013.
the land owners are eligible to get 100  hike on what was originally offered in the district-level purchase committee meeting in 2013.
however, nhai is denying the compensation, said sudhakaran.
the action council will decide on future course of action after a meeting this weekend.
this story is from november 2, 2018amitabh bacchan during the press conferance today in jaipur.
download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: superstars amitabh bachchan and rajinikanth will be the main attraction at the khasdar mahotsav in its second edition in the city.
scheduled to be held from november 30 to december 18, the extravaganza will be scaled up since it will be the last opportunity before the next lok sabha elections to create a conducive political situation for city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari who will contest the lok sabha elections for a second term.
the inaugural edition last year had bollywood star salman khan at the opening ceremony.
a slew of grandly mounted cultural shows that included a historical on chanakya, hema malinis dance drama durga and kavi sammelan featuring among others surendra sharma, proved to be huge crowd pullers.
so much so that the original plan to shift events to then newly opened suresh bhat auditorium was shelved and shows continued at the open-air ishwar deshmukh physical education college grounds at krida chowk in east nagpur.
the venue will be same this year too but the seating capacity will be increased to accommodate around 40,000 people, said a source who was present at the preparatory meet held in city on thursday.
the source also added that a grand play based on the life and times of poet-statesman atal bihari vajpayee featuring over a 100 stage artistes drawn from mumbai, nagpur, bhopal and other cities will also be staged.
this story is from january 19, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union minister for transport and shipping nitingadkari gadkari on friday expressed gratitude towards the eight unauthorized slum dwellers of hasanbagh for casting their vote for him in the 2014 lok sabha speaking at a function to distribute land ownership rights to slum dwellers in nandanvan, the minister justified that he holds no bias as far as development works are concerned.
despite knowing that only eight people from hasanbagh, a predominantly muslim area, voted for him, he undertook a lot of development work there including distribution of land rights to the dwellers.
he said that the development works undertaken by him and his party were not essentially to garner votes but for ensuring development in the real sense of the term.
hasanbagh is among the 16 slums (nandanvan jhopadpatti, dipti signal, sanjay nagar , sangarsh nagar) in east nagpur where nagpur improvement trust (nit), along with maharashtra government, is providing ownership rights.
there are around 60 slums being re-settled on nit owned land.
ownership rights would be provided to 12,743 slum dwellers in nit areas.
rafique aziz, a resident from hasangabh, claimed that his family started living in the slum in 1980 and since then was struggling hard to get ownership rights.
a visibly happy rekha jadhav, a resident of nandanwan jhopadpatti, said now they can see better civic amenities in their slum.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said the bjp-led governments  both at the centre and state  will also provide financial help to the dwellers to construct a pucca house.
he appealed all dwellers to seek help under pradhan mantri aawas yojana for the purpose.
under the scheme, he claimed that around 50,000 homes are being constructed in the city.
criticizing the past government, fadnavis recalled how the congress-led government  which despite tom-tomming about garibi hatao slogan  ignored his and gadkaris many attempts to provide ownership rights to the dwellers.
since our party came into power, we started working in this direction and now we are providing land rights to the dwellers in slums that were settled before 2011, he said.
both gadkari and fadnavis have jointly appealed citizens to cooperate with the nagpur municipal corporation to keep city clean and improve nagpurs ranking in swachh bharat survey.
last year, had citizens extended support to the nmc, citys ranking could be within 10 cities in the country, said fadnavis.
district guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, east nagpur mla krishna khopde also addressed the gathering and appraised them about ongoing development works like metro rail, cement roads, symbiosis campus, regional centre of sports authority of india, etcmeanwhile, gadkari and fadnavis also inaugurated the bio-mining project of the nmc in bhandewadi area.
the move will provide respite to the east nagpur residents from stinking.
in the coming three years, 10 lakh metric tonne garbage will be treated through biomining and in future 22 hectare of land will be freed from bhandewadi, it was informed during the event.
this story is from december 18, 2018pwd minister inaugurating work of thaliparamba pattuvam cherukunnu roaddownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kannur: public works minister g sudhakaran has said the alignment of the national highway bypass through keezhattur in the district was decided by the central government and the state government has approved it.
addressing the meetings in connection with the inauguration of the road works in different parts of the district on monday, the minister also said the state government got the letter in this regard from the centre three weeks back, and it has clearly stated that the alignment would not be changed.
the memorandum given by union minister alphons kannanthanam to change the alignment is not acceptable to the centre, he said.
he also said the alignment was decided during the time of the previous udf regime by the consultant of the central government.
further, the reference to the vultures he made in the assembly was not about the poor farmers there, but the ones flying over the skies of keezhattur, he added.
the pwd minister also alleged that though the nh widening work has started, the centre is not doing any road widening work here and the tender for two reaches, floated 14 months back, is yet to be opened.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari has promised the chief minister to open it in january, and the state retains faith on that, he said, adding that there would not be any shortcomings on the part of the state with regards to the nh widening.
the minister inaugurated the works of six roads in the district, which would cost over rs 111 crore.
sudhakaran also said the pwd has been implementing infrastructure development works to the tune of rs 4000 crore in the district in the last two and a half years.
this story is from october 29, 2018before the 2014 state elections, bombay high court had stayed the congress-ncp regimes move to bring in a quo.
.
.
read moremore flashpointsdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: nitingadkari gadkari was speaking in a lighter vein when he said recently that bjp would earlier make tall promises thinking it would never come to power, but there are those in maharashtra who think the partys generous assurances in 2014 of quotas for marathas, dhangars and other sundry groups in the state may actually be behind the upsurge in caste tensions in four years of the devendra fadnavis regime.
before the 2014 state elections, bombay high court had stayed the congress-ncp regimes move to bring in a quota for marathas in government jobs and education.
yet during polls, bjp held out the promise of a 16  quota for marathas and scheduled tribe status for dhangars, both longstanding demands of these groups.
this led to hype and raised expectations, causing social imbalance and sparking caste conflicts when the demands werent fulfilled, said dhangar leader and former legislator prakash shendge.
while the court stayed the maratha quota once again, anger in the community, which forms nearly 31  of the states population, escalated after the gang-rape of a maratha girl in 2016 in ahmednagars kopardi belt, sparking off nearly 60 silent morchas across maharashtra in a year.
over 13,000 cases have been filed against maratha protestors in 2018 alone even as the stir descended into arson and stone-throwing in its climactic stages.
given dalit-maratha tensions in many parts for the past decade or so, dalits are apprehensive about growing maratha assertion, especially in light of an all-party consensus (that includes the shiv sena, which has gradually become flexible about its stand that quotas be provided only on the basis of economic criteria).
the reservation issue has also wrought turmoil in other communities.
dhangars remain upset that their demands are unfulfilled, and obcs are worried about the maratha quota infringing on existing reservations.
though government had said that wouldnt happen, with reservations capped at 50  by supreme court, obcs feel the maratha quota would erode their own share.
anil pawar (48), a maratha who runs a small canteen at phaltan in satara district , said society has changed a lot in the last four years.
the rural landscape is now dotted with flags of fringe outfits flaunting caste affiliations.
earlier, caste was not such a big thing.
now, people think more about which caste does the person belong to before dealing with them.
i think it is not good for maintaining social harmony, he said.
if the rise of kanhaiya kumar, hardik patel and jignesh mewani elsewhere has contributed to sharpening of social divides, in maharashtra the mid-2016 demolition of ambedkar bhavan in dadar, albeit as a result of an intra-dalit feud, precipitated matters, and the bhima-koregaon riot, which threw hindutva into the mix, turned a flashpoint.
the alleged dilution of the sc/st atrocities act and its subsequent re-tightening, was equally another trigger, and after the cm announced the filling of 72,000 government posts, with 16  of jobs to be held vacant for marathas until the court verdict, restlessness in the community spiralled into a wave of violence, a series of suicides and a spate of (yetto-be-accepted) mla resignations in july and august.
recruitment was stalled, and the government said it could not act on the quota demand until the backward class commission submitted a report.
the result, say some activists, is that no ones happy.
dr nitingadkari lata waman, a social activist, said, the marginalised sections are feeling insecure due to a hostile environment and the governments nonprotective attitude.
dhangar leader shendge, pointing to his own communitys recent agitations, said, people from lower classes feeling insecure is an indication of the danger of anarchism.
he also accused the fadnavis government of centralising power.
the social justice, obc and tribal development departments have ministers without powers, he claimed.
aabasaheb patil, a convenors of the maratha kranti morcha, accused the bjp of adopting a divide-and-rule policy.
the government has encouraged groupism on basis of caste and tried to spark conflict between marathas and the scs, he alleged.
author anand teltumbde , known for his writings on dalit issues, said the bjps sole focus, in maharashtra and at the centre, was to win elections, grab power, polarize people (including dalits by showing only the bjp government respects babasaheb ambedkar and the congress did nothing when in power) and destroy institutions.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: as prime minister narendra modi launched the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi scheme at gorakhpur, back in the city a small group of farmers from nearby villages was brought to witness the event.
gathered at the auditorium of national bureau of soil survey (nbss), along amravati road, over 40 of them waited patiently for the webcast of the launch programme to begin.
not much enthused with the development, the farmers said they needed a higher amount and the decision should have come much before elections if the bjp wanted to gain out of the move.
it is election time so they are out to please us, but the amount is just a pittance.
the first instalment of rs2,000 hardly means anything even by rural standards, said sarvan dhable, a farmer from umred tehsil, among the audience.
if madhya pradesh government can announce a pension of rs1,000 why cant maharashtra.
the rs6,000 dole is not going to get them new votes, only earlier affiliations would work, said another farmer from kalmeshwar.
the event at nbss was organized by national research centre for citrus (nrcc), a central government agency along with states agriculture department.
establishments under the agriculture ministry were given mandate to arrange such events for farmers to witness the launch programme.
the agriculture department had arranged vehicles for the farmers trip to nagpur.
there were instructions to invite mp or mla as chief guest.
at nbss, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari was the chief guest along with dr anil bonde, bjp mla from morshi in amravati district.
speaking before the webcast of gorakhpur event, gadkari listed out measures taken by the government for farmers benefit.
he said the plan to disburse a yearly dole of rs6,000 was first of its kind, and bonde went on to say that state government can also come up with a matching contribution.
in that case it is ok and would also translate into votes for the bjp, said the farmers.
over 70-year-old deorao varti of minewada village in katol, who was earlier critical of the government, softened on being pointed out about the probable addition from the state government.
whatever they want to do should be done before the elections, there is a little time left.
if no decision is taken at this juncture, it would be taken merely as empty promise, said varti.
its election time and parties are trying to beat each other in pleasing farmers.
the congress declared debt waiver in chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh and bjp countered it with the rs6,000 dole.
lets see who does more, said sukdhakar from masada village in katol.
lets not forget that the scheme is only for farmers having land within five acres.
this means others will be left unhappy, especially the bigger farmers.
the politicians must know that in rural areas the big farmers also employ a large number of locals, and they can influence their vote too, said sunil akhande from masada.
its just the beginning.
the government can increase the amount and also ease the norms.
no other government had come up with such scheme so far, added ankush gaikwad, also from the same village.
14.
26 lakh from maha among over 1cr beneficiariesprime minister narendra modi disbursed the first instalment of rs2,000 dole to select farmers on sunday.
over one crore farmers, including 14.
26 lakh from maharashtra, were among the beneficiaries from the country.
morshi mla dr anil bonde said the initial payment was made to select farmers.
it was done on the basis of their election or ration cards.
however, in coming days the farmers will have to submit their aadhaar number for getting the amount.
this story is from december 14, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: the verna industrial association has come down heavily on the public works department (pwd) and dilip buildcon pvt ltd for the proposal to block the verna-cortalim stretch of road and to divert traffic towards chicalim.
industrialists said they are exploring the possibility of meeting union minister for roads, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari to put some sense in to the contractor.
the other option, said verna industries association president damodar kochkar, is to move the court if better sense does not prevail.
around 400 firms are operational at the verna industrial estate and the proposed diversion will affect thousands of workers.
some of the companies at the estate operate three shifts and staff working these shifts will face enormous hassles while commuting, kochkar said.
industrialists have complained that the commute between margao and panaji is already painful with dust pollution, slow traffic and damaged roads.
this story is from december 30, 2018ahmed pateldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gandhinagar: all india congress treasurer and senior most gujarat congress leader ahmed patel flew down to gujarat on saturday over growing discord between senior gujarat congress leaders  former state party chief president arjun modhwadia , present chief amit chavda and leader of opposition(lop) paresh dhanani that came to fore after the partys defeat in the recently held jasdan assembly byelections.
about the meeting of 17 senior congress leaders at arjun modhwadias residence, patel said, ghar hoy tya vasano pan khakhde (in family petty issues happen).
i have come to attend a party programme, and theres nothing serious in it.
this visit was scheduled 15 days ago.
patel added, arjun modhwadia is here.
i have no information or knowledge (regarding the meeting).
meetings keep taking place and family matters are discussed.
in fact theres a war going on in bjp and cabinet ministers like nitingadkari gadkari give bytes to media.
we have nothing to match here.
everything is going on well.
when asked about his possible meeting with state party chief amit chavda during todays visit, patel said, chavda is also going to come there (himatnagar).
i am sure everything is fine, and when election arrives, all will fight jointly and we will get more than 15 lok sabha seats (out of 26) in gujarat.
by wearing nehru jacket, a person doesnt become nehrutaking an indirect dig at pm narendra modi at a public rally in himatnagar ahmed patel said, a person can not became a leader like jawaharlal nehru by wearing a nehru jacket.
for that, one has to sacrifice a lot.
they alleged that the congress has not done anything while they did everything.
but now the country knows that they have done nothing except looting the country.
congress leaders indiraji, rajivji sacrificed their lives for the nation.
patel claimed that the pm had insulted sardar patels memory during his election rally in rajasthan.
patel also targeted the pm for trying to take credit for schemes planned or floated by congress.
this story is from december 27, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: many assumed at nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) and in political circles that mayor nanda jichkars controversial us tour became public due to political rivalry.
but that was not the case.
a nmc staffer in mayors office helped expose the case, but in the end, instead of jichkar, the whistle-blower was at the receiving end.
on september 16, i happened to expose jichkar taking her younger son priyash on an official us tour by claiming he was her official private secretary.
global covenant of mayors for climate and energy (gcom), which is an international alliance of city networks and their members committed to raising the global ambition for climate action, had organized the global climate action summit, and its board meeting between september 12 and 14 at san francisco, california in us.
gcom had sponsored jichkars tour expenses as mayor and her sons expenditures as her private secretary.
i had reported about irregularities in air travel allowances by two mayors in the past.
jichkar had been on a series of foreign tours.
i started investigating into jichkars tour to the us.
one of the staffers at mayors office informed me that a nmc staffer or official was eligible for the tour, but jichkar did not pick anyone.
one of the staffers had taken efforts to get the tour for the mayor.
the staffer was expecting to be asked to accompany the mayor on the tour.
all of a sudden jichkar nominated her son for the tour.
therefore, nmc staffers were miffed, he said.
this led to the case being exposed so easily.
but the staffer who provided the information paid the price.
i had got the mails exchanged between mayors office, gcom, and new delhi-based iclei.
the staffer had sent me the mails.
inexperience in handling mails cost him dear.
the staffer had deleted the mail from the sent mailbox, but didnt know that the deleted mails were also saved in trash folder for some time after deletion.
on her return, jichkar easily caught the staffer.
first, the staffer could not travel to the us.
secondly, the staffer was caught leaking information, and transferred to another department.
to avoid confrontation with the mayor, the whistle-blower did not challenge the action taken against him.
after a meeting, bjp legislators met cm devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari, demanding jichkars resignation.
they said jichkars controversial us tour defamed the party.
for some time, it was likely that jichkar would be replaced by a new face.
however, even as shiv sena legislators submitted laqs on the case, the bjp stood firm with their mayor.
actually, jichkar was very lucky.
she was to return at 2.
30am on september 21.
confused by the timing, nmc staffers said jichkar will return in the early hours of january 20.
media persons reached the airport to take pictures of her return.
activists of youth congress too were present to stage a silent protest.
however, they all returned disheartened.
when jichkar actually arrived, no one excluding one photojournalist was present.
after the controversial us tour, jichkar stopped going on tours and started concentrating on her responsibilities.
jichkar launched many initiatives after this, including a convention of states mayors and also the mayor at your doorsteps campaign.
this story is from january 27, 2019file photo of delhi cm arvind kejriwal.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp leaders on saturday used the foundation stone-laying ceremony for the six-lane access-controlled road connecting akshardham with eastern peripheral expressway (epe) to target the aam aadmi party aap ) government.
while highways minister nitingadkari gadkari steered clear of making any accusation against the city government, bjp mps cited how the rtr flyover was progressing at snails pace and the pwd-maintained roads were dotted with pothole.
east delhi mp maheish girri drew comparison between the construction of signature bridge on yamuna with the pace of highway construction.
union minister and ghaziabad mp gen v k singh cited how the rtr flyover in south delhi had missed several deadlines while the first phase of the delhi-meerut expressway was completed in 18 months.
taking a dig at the kejriwal government, union minister vijay goel said, when you drive on the pwd roads you dont know whether there are potholes on roads or roads on potholes.
you need to keep checking every few minutes whether the pillion rider has fallen, if you are driving a two-wheeler.
national highways authority of india (nhai) will spend about rs 2,820 crore for this project.
tiwari said the access-controlled road will end traffic jams in his constituency, adding that no other government had ever thought of bringing such relief to lakhs of commuters.
as per the plan, service lanes of three-lane in each side will be constructed near akshardham and two rail over- bridges will be built parallel to the existing one.
an underpass will be built near the east delhi deputy commissioners office for right turning traffic to do away with the crossing.
a six-lane elevated road of approximately 7 km will be built to connect geeta colony loop and khajuri khas.
the rest of the stretch in delhi will be at grid (existing road), which will be widened to six lanes for thorough traffic and service lanes on each side for local traffic.
there will be provision of underpasses to meet the requirement of local traffic as well.
he said the foundation stone for dwarka expressway , to be built at a cost of rs 10,000 crore, will be laid next week.
he added that a new ring road  urban extension road (uer) will be constructed at rs 4,000 crore.
this story is from december 2, 2018nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: with an aim of solving parking problems at the railway station, the mahametro has planned to make an arrangement of parking 800 vehicles, 400 each of two and four wheelers, on two lands that is now under the possession of the maharashtra road transport corporation (msrtc) and madhya pradesh state road transport (mpsrtc).
the two lands are situated on left side of the railway station main building.
the mahametro will construct two g+4 buildings on the lands with the requisite parking space.
city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari had announced railway station premises redevelopment project and also sanctioned a fund of rs 234.
21 crore under central road fund (crf).
mahametro official told toi that parking facility for 800 vehicles would be provided in the two buildings.
175 shops situated below flyover in front of railway station will also be relocated in the two new buildings.
shops will be shifted on the ground floor.
parking will be provided on first and second floor.
decision related to utilization of third and fourth floors is yet to be taken, he said.
the official also said the mahametro initially may create parking space for 600 four wheelers.
later, after studying requirement, it may decide to increase the space for more four wheelers or two wheelers, he said.
at present, the parking facility provided by the railways at the railway station is inadequate.
four wheelers are provided parking facility in front of railway station main building and always fall short.
parking facility for two-wheelers is provided along platform no-1 below ramjhula in a haphazard manner.
in another development related to the project, the states public works department (pwd) has been appointed as nodal agency and the mahametro as the implementing agency of pwd for the project.
collector ashwin mudgal said pwd has been appointed as the nodal agency because funds for the project sanctioned under crf.
two lands under the possession of msrtc and mpsrtc are nazul lands.
the district administration will transfer the two lands to the pwd.
proposal will be submitted with the state government for leasing out the lands to the pwd once received the proposal from it, he said.
however, all these procedures are likely to take a long time.
till then, the mahametro is planning to demolish two approaches of the flyover and widen the road towards manas square and jaistambh square.
the mahametro has submitted a proposal with the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) seeking permission to raze the two approaches.
it is said to be a dicey decision for the civic body to give permission to demolish only two approaches of the flyover as it is likely to increase the congestion at the railway station.
entire flyover cannot be demolished now as the nmc general body had passed a resolution to demolish the flyover only after rehabilitation of 175 shops situated below it.
the plan is to widen the road in front of railway station to 24 metre after demolition of the flyover and the shops below it.
this story is from december 23, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
efforts will be made to bring it at par with the indian institute of technology, he added.
therefore, students should try to gain maximum knowledge which would stand them in good stead in life.
he also underlined the need for development of chemical industry as it has immense potential for research and development.
gadkari felicitated madhukar patil, 96, the oldest alumnus of lit, on the occasion.
the event was organized to felicitate former students of lit.
mayor nanda jichkar, pro vice-chancellor pramod yeole and registrar of nagpur university niraj khaty were the guests of honour.
the institution had invited nine alumni, called navratna, and jewels of 2018, which included kamal narayan seetha, jeevan gupta, harish bhimani, shyamsundar bang, dilip gaur, vinayak marathe, sudhir shrivastava, urmila diwekar and arun shrivastava.
these students have made a name in their areas of operations and brought laurels to the alma mater.
sarang mankar from las totally awesome and other alumni were present.
chairman of litaa ajay deshpande welcomed the guests.
a documentary showing journey of the college was presented after which newsletter of the institution was launched by gadkari and guests.
success stories of the nine jewels were presented in the form of documentaries, giving students a useful messages and a lot of motivation.
mankar said, stories of these alumni are exemplary and are a great source of motivation.
he announced that his company was funding the construction of incubator centre.
bhimani and diwekar spoke about some aspects related to college life and success.
in his extraordinary voice, bhimani presented some of the famous lines from his performances in cultural and entertainment programmes.
this story is from november 20, 2018satyavrat chaturvedi.
(toi file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: congress on monday expelled senior party leader satyavrat chaturvedi for six years, getting a thank you in return.
i am thankful to the congress leadership for expelling me from the party.
i have been asking for it for the last fortnight, the former congress rajya sabha member from madhya pradesh said.
congress part sources said chaturvedis position in the party had become untenable as he is actively supporting the election campaign of his son, nitingadkari , who is contesting the assembly election from rajnagar constituency on samajwadi party ticket.
asked if he would campaign against the congress party, chaturvedi told toi: i am campaigning for my son.
if someone invites me to campaign, i will consider it.
chaturvedi had been demanding a congress ticket for his son for quite some time and, apparently, nitingadkari was promised a ticket from rajnagar in the place of vikram singh nati raja, the incumbent mla.
but the congress party decided to go with nati raja at the last moment.
it seems nati raja had agreed to contest the lok sabha election in 2019, but changed his mind at the last minute and decided to contest the assembly polls.
chaturvedi found there was no one to back his claim for a ticket to nitingadkari , a congress politician close to chaturvedi said.
lucknow: samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav and party patriarch mulayam singh yadav on tuesday described naresh agarwal's exit from the party as good riddance.
akhilesh also questioned bjp's silence over agarwal's comment on sp's rajya sabha candidate jaya bachchan and sought action against him.
a former national general secretary of sp, agarwal joined bjp on monday with his son nitingadkari , sp mla, after he was denied a ticket to the rajya sabha.
sp has nominated jaya bachchan as the party candidate for the lone seat that the party can secure with 47 mlas.
soon after joining bjp, agarwal triggered a controversy by describing the three-time rs mp bachchan as someone who dances and acts in films.
i condemn the derogatory comments of naresh agarwal which are not only an insult for the indian film industry but also for all women in the country.
if bjp respects women, it should initiate action against him.
the women's commission should also act against agarwal, akhilesh tweeted on tuesday morning.
akhilesh said it was good that agarwal left the party.
when asked why action was not taken against agarwal while he was with sp, akhilesh said, i had asked him to show restraint.
but why is bjp not taking any action against him when its senior leaders have criticised him for his remarks on jaya?
akhilesh was referring to union minister sushma swaraj's tweet where she described agarwal's comments as unacceptable.
he (agarwal) left sp.
it is good for sp.
we will never consider his resignation as a loss to our party, mulayam said in new delhi.
bhopal: union road transport, shipping and water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari , who also holds the charge of river development, said in up on friday that the ken-betwa river linking project would be kick-started in three months.
but officials involved in the project say the union minister has been kept in dark about the developments and hurdles stalling the project.
they say it would take some more time to get necessary clearances, besides facing trials in the ngt.
future of ken-betwa river linkage project is in the dark.
it seems the minister is unaware about the pending clearances and the cases in ngt, said an officer, wishing anonymity.
most important thing is final wildlife clearance which is pending with the central empowered committee (cec) appointed by supreme court.
the standing committee for approval has submitted its report before the cec and the latter has sent inquiries to the national water development authority (nwda) on the matter, said the officer.
secondly, the forest advisory committee (fac) has given a conditional stage 1 forest clearance to the project.
union government has to provide non-forest land against the 617 hectares of land that will be submerged due to the river linking project.
without it, the project will not be given a stage-2 clearance which is the permission to start work, he added.
above all, the national green tribunal (ngt) has admitted two appeals challenging environment clearance (ec) to this ambitious project of the union ministry.
the project may be delayed if hearing on the petition drags on.
nwda is yet to submit its reply on ngts notices.
though the project had got the mandatory ec in august, it was further delayed due to madhya pradeshs demand for its extension to certain other areas, incorporating smaller projects, which were originally not part of its first phase.
the ngts decision to admit the appeal came on october 27, just when the ministry was trying to remove the bottleneck by convincing the madhya pradesh government to take up its extension demand in the second phase after taking the up government on board.
the long-standing dispute over allocation of water in the ken-betwa river linkage project between madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh was resolved at a recent meeting chaired by nitingadkari gadkari in delhi.
gadkari, who took over as water resources minister on september 3, had invited madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and his uttar pradesh counterpart yogi adityanath for a meeting to settle the issue.
apart from sharing of water, there was also apparently disagreement between the two states over finance and execution of the project.
it has been decided that the centre will bear 90  of the project cost, while mp and up will have to share the rest, said sources.
earlier up was pressing for 2,200 mcm water from ken river as its share, and mp was opposing it on the grounds that the initial deal was for 1,200 mcm only.
the pmo intervened in july-end and asked both states to end the stalemate, but to no avail.
after gadkari got additional charge of water resources, he tackled the ken-betwa imbroglio on a priority basis.
both rivers originate in mp and flow into uttar pradesh.
the rs 17,000-crore project got all the clearances, but is stuck over sharing of water between the two states.
when chouhan and adityanath were asked by the pmo to resolve the stalemate, madhya pradesh government had dug up a 40-year-old agreement  signed during the shyama charan shukla government  to say that the deal was to give only 1,200 million cubic metre (mcm) water to up, which wants 2,200 mcm.
this story is from january 9, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: in a major worry for citys drinking water supply and mahagencos koradi and khaparkheda thermal power stations, water storage in totladoh reservoir has gone below 10 .
totladoh and its downstream reservoir  kamptee khairi have storage of 159.
2 million meter cube (mmc) as against requirement of 184 mmc.
therefore, release of water by the madhya pradesh (mp) government from its chaurai dam to meet shortfall of 24.
8 mmc has become must.
as per data available with water resources department (wrd), water storage in totladoh reservoir depleted to 101.
63 mmc (9.
99 ) as against total capacity of 1,017 mmc on tuesday.
kamptee khairi reservoir had stock of 57.
57 mmc (40.
55 ) as against total capacity of 142 mmc.
these two reservoirs are situated downstream on pench river.
thus, pench reservoirs have total storage of 159.
2 mmc as against total capacity of 1,157 mmc.
less storage in pench reservoirs is due to construction of chaurai dam upstream of pench river and less rains in mp last monsoon.
as per wrd, it is probably the first time that water storage in totladoh reservoir has gone below 10  in january.
this used to happen in may, that too in years when there were less rains.
nmc requires 99 mmc from pench reservoirs from today till june 20, which is the onset of monsoon.
similarly, mahagenco said it requires 24 mmc for its two power stations up to june end.
parsheoni and kalmeshwar towns need around 1 mmc.
as per wrd officials, 60 mmc water from pench reservoirs is likely to go for evaporation.
evaporation is faster when level in reservoirs is less.
also, silt is settled in reservoirs bed, they said.
last year on corresponding date, totladoh reservoirs storage was 19.
82  and kamptee khairi reservoir had .
24  stock.
chaurai reservoir, also called as pench diversion, has storage of 284.
48 mmc (67 ) as against total capacity of 421.
2 mmc.
water storage in chaurai reduced to a great extent in last one month.
on december 12, chaurai reservoir was having storage of 387.
80 mmc (92 ).
as per wrd officials, the mp government seems to be ready to release water for rabbi crop.
another worry from chaurai reservoir is that it is mp governments diversion project.
it means, mp government can divert water from chaurai to its other reservoirs.
nmc official said chief minister devendra fadnavis had requested mp government to release 70 mmc water from chaurai to totladoh reservoir.
mp government runs two hydro power stations at totladoh reservoir.
therefore, release of water is also important for mp government.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari too assured to talk to mp government for release of water, he said.
nmc sources said the state government will have to shut koradi and khaparkheda power stations if they do not get water from chaurai reservoir.
in summer, power from these two power stations become crucial for prevention of load-shedding.
fadnavis as well as wrd had requested mp government to release 70 mmc water in october last year.
plan was to give some quantum of water to rabbi crop.
but the mp government did not respond due to assembly elections atmosphere.
this year, the wrd did not give a single drop of water for rabbi crop.
even, wrd could give water for single round to kharip crop.
hoping water will come from chaurai reservoir, the nmc general body last month did not approve alternate day water supply.
ruling party leader sandip joshi had said further decision will be taken after january 31.
in a nutshell* totladoh and kamptee khairi reservoirs are situated downstream on pench river* mp government runs two hydro power stations of 80mw at totladoh reservoir* water released from totladoh into hydro stations is stored in kamptee khairi* two reservoirs having less water due to construction of chaurai dam on upstream of pench reservoir by mp government* totladoh reservoirs storage depleted to 101.
63 mmc (9.
99 ) as against total capacity of 1,017 mmc on tuesday* kamptee khairi reservoir is having 57.
57 mmc (40.
55 ) as against total capacity of 142 mmc* total available storage is 159.
2 mmc as against total capacity of 1,157 mmc* nmc requires 99 mmc, mahagenco need 24 mmc and two towns want 1 mmc* 60 mmc is likely to go for evaporation and silt* thus, requirement is 184 mmc as against availability of 159.
2mmc* need is for release of water from chaurai reservoir that having 284.
48 mmc (67 )* among 15 major dams in six districts of nagpur division, level of water in totladoh is lowest* overall storage in 384 dams of nagpur division is 1,095.
17mmc (23.
77 ) as against total storage capacity of 4,607 mmcagain short water supply from kanhanwater supply to parts of east, north and south nagpur will be affected from wednesday.
again, water level in kanhan river has reduced due to under construction kochchhi barrage upstream of the river.
on tuesday, water supply from the river was 173 million litres per day (mld) as against normal supply of 200 mld.
but he same happened for some days in last month too.
this story is from december 15, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: after waiting for 71 years, residents of sindhi colony, khamla, are all set to get ownership titles for the lands on which they reside and carry on their business.
slum-dwellers from eight areas will also get ownership titles.
chief minister devendra fadnavis will begin distribution of ownership rights at a programme on december 16 at timber market, ghat road.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari and others will be present.
sindhi colony at khamla, and nine slums  saraswati nagar, fakirawadi, rambagh, jattarodi, slum behind kundanlal gupta library, borkar nagar, bansod mohalla, kafla vasti, and imambada-2 are situated in south-west constituency represented by the cmruling party leader in nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) sandip joshi said in a press conference on friday that around 800 people from sindhi colony and 1,500 residents of nine slums will benefit.
sindhi community people were not getting ownership titles for one or the other reasons despite being assured after partition.
earlier, they were asked to pay at the rate of ready reckoner value for their lands.
fadnavis issued a new notification making the process of issuing ownership titles to these people very easy.
they will get ownership titles by paying only rs350.
documents of 123 of the total 800 people are ready.
some people are facing issue of submission of documents since partition, and these will be resolved, he said.
joshi said people residing in all slums under nmcs jurisdiction will get ownership titles.
slum-dwellers who constructed shanties in these nine slums before 2005 are getting ownership titles now.
there are another 2,000 slum-dwellers who have constructed shanties between 2005 and 201, and they will also get ownership titles soon.
a survey in this regard will soon start, he said.
joshi said people residing in slums cropped up on indian railway land, and properties owned by private parties will have to wait.
we held discussions with some private parties, who are ready to hand over the land to nmc.
a proper policy will be prepared to solve the issue, he said.
joshi said nit too has started giving ownership titles to shanties on its lands.
there are many slums on nit lands, so the process will take at least one year, he said.
joshi said slum-dwellers too are required to pay only rs350 to get ownership titles.
up-to-date property tax receipt is a must.
some people have to clear their property tax dues.
i have asked the civic chief to look into the issue.
the civic chief has powers to waive off interest on late payment.
slum-dwellers can pay dues if interest is waived off, he said.
this story is from january 8, 2019ex-mla ashish deshmukh wondered if union minister nitingadkari gadkari would approve of rahul gandhis leadership and.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: ex-bjp mla and recent re-entrant in the congress, ashish deshmukh , has said the recent remarks by city mp and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari praising indira gandhi and jawaharlal nehru are confusing.
he pointed out that the bjp, to which gadkari belongs, and prime minister narendra modi lose no opportunity to speak ill of the gandhi-nehru dynasty.
desperate to be in the news himself, deshmukh wondered if gadkari would also approve of rahul gandhis leadership and accept the stand taken by the congress president on rafale scam.
its time gadkari explains his position clearly, said deshmukh, adding that he was just voicing the concerns of people of nagpur.
or may be the continuous humiliation within the party was responsible for gadkaris recent utterance.
some time ago he had said in an interview that jobs were not available, so reservation was of no use.
he had also famously told nana patekar in a chat that the bjp went on a promising spree in 2014 since they never expected to get elected at the centre.
more recently, he had said that those responsible for the bjps poor performance in elections to five states must own it up.
, said deshmukh.
the ex-mla said gadkari was sidelined by the bjp and not given any important post in the election set up for 2019 elections.
this is in contrast to 2014, when gadkari was asked to draft the partys vision document.
now, he has been made an ordinary member of the committee tasked with interacting with ngos, said deshmukh, who is fancying chances of contesting against gadkari from the city in the coming elections.
talking to reporters, deshmukh also demanded that 105 acre land at mihan given to reliance for building dassault spares under rafale offset clause be taken away from the ambani company, and handed over to hindustan aeronautics ltd (hal) so that the rs6,000 crore investment stays here and youth get employment.
this story is from february 12, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: using his good offices with railway minister piyush goyal, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari is getting the process of obtaining certificates for nagpur metro fast-forwarded.
mahametro will hold trial run of the metro from khapri to congress nagar stations on february 13, while a team of research design and standards organization (rdso) will come to the city the next day.
commissioner of metro rail safety (cmrs) is expected to inspect nagpur metro on either february 22 or 23.
talking to the media, mahametro managing director brijesh dixit said that two stretches of nagpur metro  khapri to sitabuldi and lokmanya nagar (hingna road) to subhash nagar  would be ready for commercial operations by february 26.
it is up to the government to decide the date of formal inauguration, he said.
any metro has to conduct oscillation trial (known as trial run) first.
if the results are satisfactory, then it invites rdso for an inspection.
another trial run is usually held in the presence of rdso team.
in case of nagpur metros at-grade section, the rdso had accepted the oscillation trial results of mahametro for the purpose of issuing a speed certificate.
the certificate issued by rdso is forwarded to railway board for approval.
the board after clearing it sends the document to cmrs.
the commissioner goes for an inspection after this.
the trial run of at-grade section was held on september 30, 2017.
mahametro got rdso certificate on december 5, 2017, and the cmrs green signal on april 16, 2018.
this time, gadkari wants to get the metro inaugurated at the hands of prime minister narendra modi before the general elections are declared and hence he is getting the process fast-forwarded.
when the commercial operations begin on the two stretches, the train will not stop at all stations.
the halts in the initial phase are: khapri, new airport, airport south, sitabuldi, jaiprakash nagar, airport, lokmanya nagar and subhash nagar.
while the first three stations are ready, work is going on at the remaining five.
it will be a challenge for mahametro to complete them by the date of commercial operations.
the station work was awarded to infrastructure leasing and financial services (il&fs), but the company went bust.
now, the work is being done by its sub-contractors.
same is the case with contractors appointed for constructing the two depots at mihan and hingna.
they have stopped work due to financial problems.
metro is now getting the work done from smaller contractors.
this story is from october 22, 2018amruta fadnavis on the edge of the deck of the mumbai-goa cruise shipdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: amruta fadnavis , wife of cm devendra fadnavis , has courted controversy by allegedly ignoring safety protocols to take a selfie seated on the edge of the deck of the mumbai-goa cruise ship , which set sail on its inaugural trip on saturday.
for the selfie, the cms wife chose a location on the edge of the ship beyond the safety barricades.
a video of her shooting the selfie went viral on social media.
it shows police officers deployed for her security trying to persuade her to return to a safer spot but in vain.
comments pouring in on social media were critical of her actions; some said she had risked her life by ignoring safety rules while others castigated her for setting the wrong example given that youth are prone to dangerous stunts in search of dramatic selfies.
on saturday evening, angriya, the countrys first domestic cruise service, was inaugurated by union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis at victoria docks.
the cms wife was present on board when the ship set sail.
unlike many of her predecessors, amruta fadnavis has a public presence.
she has been in the news for lending her name to various social causes.
her twitter handle has 71.
1k followers while she follows only 4 twitter accounts.
she is quite active on social media and posts photos of events that she attends.
amruta was not available for comments on the issue.
this story is from february 2, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
leaders of the ruling bjp in the state as well as the centre hailed the union budget proposals on friday as historic ones taking care of every section of the society.
on expected lines, the opposition leaders, mainly from the congress and ncp, trashed it as jumlebazi (fake promises).
bjp leaders, from chief minister devendra fadnavis, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to state power minister chandrashekhar bawankule and city bjp president sudhakar kohale said the budget would boost economy by driving rural consumption and increasing disposable incomes of salaried class.
without saying in so many words, apparently the bjp leaders were sure the populist budget which for the first time gives direct assured income to farmers, pension for unorganised workers would arrest the dipping graph of narendra modi government and lead to retaining power at the centre.
in a tweet, fadnavis said: tax relief to salaried class, on capital gains will fulfil aspirations of middle class and contribute savings and help nations progress.
the focus was on farmers but all other sections will also benefit from the budget, said bawankule who pointed out that 26 weeks paid leave for pregnant women employees would ensure better child care.
bjp mp vikas mahatme thanked pm for including his suggestion of setting up a board for nomadic tribes.
former mp ajay sancheti called it, an excellent budget which was pro-farmers and pro-salaried class.
this is a game changer budget and shows modis zeal to empower all, he added.
nagpur congress (rural) president rajendra mulak said the modi governments last budget was the last-ditch attempt to mislead the people, in the vain hope that the fake promises would stop the fast slide of the bjp.
former minister and ncp leader anil deshmukh said it was a desperate attempt by bjp government to win back the lost trust of farmers who got nothing from it in the last four-and-a-half years.
former mla ashish deshmukh said there was nothing in the budget to suggest the employment opportunities, that were lowest in last four decades, would be revived.
over 70,000 signatures have been collected on the flag till nowdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
allahabad: an attempt is being made at kumbh mela by unicef and the global interfaith wash alliance (giva), an organisation working under parmarth niketan, to break a guinness record for the highest number of signatures on a flag in a show of solidarity to the girl child.
niketan sources said the two organisations have joined hands for attempting to break the record of 1,15,405 signatures on a flag, signed by people from all the states of the us.
at kumbh, authorities have already collected more than 70,000 signatures.
the flag, when unfurled, will be nearly the size of a football field, providing ample room for the lakhs of signatures that the campaign is expecting to attract.
on tour across the kumbha mela, the signature campaign has been designed as an important tool to educate and inspire the masses to say, yes to education; no to child marriage, said sadhvi bhagwati saraswati of parmarth niketan.
the signature campaign intends to open important dialogues regarding the issue as it travels through the kumbh mela, and then across uttar pradesh, to collect signatures and sow the seeds of change, she said.
over 70,000 signatures have so far been collected.
this includes signatures of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, madhya pradesh governor anandi ben patel, film actor sanjay mishra, actress lubna salim, filmmakers madhur bhandarkar, subash ghai and abhinav kashyuap among many others.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
indore: indore district has secured third spot in river revival category of national water awards for efforts made by district administration and an ngo in reviving choral river under integrated watershed management programme.
after latur and wardha district of maharashtra, indore emerged as second runner-up in river revival category of the prestigious awards by ministry of water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation for choral river.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari will felicitate winners on february 25 in new delhi, indore zila panchayat ceo neha meena told toi.
she said that efforts made by administration in developing 133 small, big water storage units including 115 stop-dams, check-dams on the river along with digging 14 ponds under integrated watershed management programme (iwmp-03) has helped them maintained water in the river throughout the year.
nagrath charitable trust has also helped administration while locals of 14 nearby villages were directly benefitted by the project.
during a recent inspection conducted by a team of experts from centre, villagers informed them that earlier, the river used to go dry in december but thanks to the efforts made for its revival by constructing stop-dams and check-dams, the river is still flowing in february, meena said.
she said that the successful choral river revival project will now be adopted to revive other water bodies of the district including kanh.
as a minister, i am going to count performance of every institution you have to show (result).
.
.
or else, i will take the decision to close all the things (institutions).
this story is from february 12, 2019union minister nitingadkari gadkar inaugurated and laid the foundation for projects worth rs 366.
62 crore at bagaha i.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bagaha/motihari/patna: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday inaugurated and laid the foundation stones for national highways and waterways projects worth more than rs 3,411 crore in bihar.
the minister inaugurated and laid the foundation for projects worth rs 366.
62 crore at bagaha in west champaran district .
the projects include opening traffic on 24km-long stretch of misrauli-parsauni section of nh 28 b. he laid the foundation for approach roads of road overbridges (robs) on nh 28b at bagaha and mangalpur worth rs62.
48 crore and rs68.
49 crore respectively.
gadkari also laid the foundation for widening of the 37km-long manuwapul to yogpatti-nawalpur-ratwal chowk road, which will cost rs128.
90 crore.
he also laid the foundation for national waterway-37 (river gandak) from its confluence with river ganga at hajipur to triveni ghat (bhaisalotan barrage in valmikinagar).
the 300km-long stretch in the gandak will be developed at a cost of rs12.
91 crore.
speaking on the occasion, gadkari expressed concern over sugar cane industries in west champaran.
despite it being a sugar cane producing region, farmers as well as sugar mills are in distress because of low prices of sugar.
gadkari also laid the foundation for projects worth rs2,540 crore on the concluding day of kisan kumbh at motihari gandhi maidan in east champaran district.
the projects include widening of 83.
24km-long siwan-mashrakh-rajapatti-kesariya- chakiya section of ram janaki marg (nh-227a) with an estimated outlay of rs1,285 crore.
four-laning of 81.
11km-long manikpur-sahebganj-kesariya-areraj section of nh-74 at the cost of rs1,254 crore and reconstruction of mahatma gandhis statue and three gantry gates on nh-28 and 28a in east champaran with an estimated outlay of rs93.
91 lakh.
in another event at raxaul , gadkari inaugurated and laid the foundation for projects worth rs505 crore.
the projects include widening of 40km-long chapwa to misrauli section of nh-28b with an estimated outlay of rs171.
40crore.
he also laid the foundation for widening of the 69km-long link road and piprakothi-motihari-raxaul section of nh-28a at a cost of rs33333.
60 crore.
this story is from december 15, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
he added the government's action against the fugitive businessman is right and justified, if the accused has done anything wrong.
i had said if vijay mallya has done any wrong and a probe is underway on him, then the probe is right and suitable, the transport minister said.
he added, i had also said his (mallya) account was a prime account for 40 years.
it went for a toss on the 41st year.
ups and downs are bound to happen in business for different reasons; sometimes it's due to global economy, internal and external situations or business cycle.
both my statements have been taken out of context.
my statement is about support during downturns to protect jobs.
fraud is completely unacceptable, he said.
while speaking at an event on thursday, he had said, mallya paid his dues and interests regularly for 40 years.
after that, he entered aviation and faced hurdles.
does that make him a thief?
it's fine when a person pays his dues for 50 years .
.
.
he defaults once and instantly becomes a fraud?
this mentality isn't right.
the statement had stirred a controversy.
this story is from january 10, 2019the kollam bypass would be inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kollam: while ldf and udf differ over the realization of kollam bypass project, pwd minister g sudhakaran acknowledged the cooperation and support of centre in completing several road projects in state including bypasses, flyovers and tunnels, the works of which are under progress.
even while claiming that the work of kollam bypass was put on the right track by ldf government, sudhakaran said 50  of the expenditure was born by the centre.
in a statement, he said kollam bypass was the 10th project that was completed with central help after ldf government assumed office.
alappuzha bypass will open in may.
nine other bypass roads, flyover and tunnel projects are at different stages of construction.
sudhakaran said union ministries of finance ministry and surface transport had joined hands with the state government to complete these projects.
kiifb also allocated funds outside the state budget for works.
of the nine kstp-sponsored projects with an outlay of rs 4,000 crore, five are ready.
he said centres assistance and fund allocation  through central road fund board and nabard during ldf tenure  for road projects was the highest in states history.
he said union minister nitingadkari gadkari had laid the foundation stone for kollam bypass.
when the prime minister expressed his wish to inaugurate the bypass, the chief minister welcomed the move.
i hope centre will appreciate states magnanimous gesture.
the effective intervention and proactive approaches of the ldf government helped complete kollam project, though it took an additional 14 months, said sudhakaran, adding that only 30  of the work was done during the previous udf regime.
the design and work of the project, which starts at kavanad and ends at mevaram, was fully done by pwd with 50  financial assistance form centre.
the agreement for the long-pending bypass was signed in 2015 and two deadline extensions were given to the contractor after the project faced delays due to shortage of raw materials.
as per revised estimates, the total cost of the project is rs 352 crore.
of the 46 piers of the bypass, only nine were completed during the udf governments tenure.
if works progressed at that pace, it would have taken another five years.
this story is from january 12, 2019picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
shimla/chandigarh: over 42 years after the government had first proposed to build the renukaji dam in himachal pradesh to increase water flow in yamuna, six northern states  haryana, himachal pradesh, rajasthan, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand and delhi  on friday signed the agreement for this ambitious project which would ensure more availability of water for delhi and other beneficiary states.
the multi-purpose project, will be built on giri river in the upper yamuna basin.
we have left the past issues behind us and all states have signed the agreement to put the project on track.
there is enough water available in the country but the real issue is effective water management.
located about 250 km from the national capital, the project had hit roadblock since an agreement was signed in 1994.
it envisages construction of 148 meter high rock-filled dam for supply of 23 cusecs (525 million gallons per day) water to delhi and other basin states.
stored water of renukaji dam will be used by uttar pradesh, haryana and delhi from the hathnikund barrage, delhi from wazirabad barrage and up, haryana and rajasthan from okhla barrage.
this is the second dam project which the participating states have signed to increase water availability in yamuna.
the agreement for building the lakhwar multi-purpose project in uttarakhand has been signed and on saturday the participating states will ink the agreement for kishau project on tons river in uttarakhand.
the minister said water availability in yamuna will increase by 160 , once the projects are completed.
it will take at least six years to complete the works from the day construction starts.
hp chief minister jai ram thakur said the project would help the states economy,.
the project is proposed to be executed by hppcl.
himachal would get about 200 million units of electricity at rs 0.
30 per unit only.
it would earn a net revenue of about rs 60 crore per annum to hppcl and rs 12 crore to the state government in its first year of operation.
haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar said with the construction of three water storage dam projects  lakhwar multi-purpose dam, renukaji multi-purpose dam and kishau multi-purpose dam, haryana would get 47.
82  water as its share.
this story is from december 5, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: various programmes have been organized by lit alumni association (litaa) at a global meet to be held on college campus here on december 21 and 22.
union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will felicitate nine outstanding litians with jewel of lit awards, sponsored by awesome products inc, usa, a company promoted by loksarang hardas who graduated from lit in 1982.
the function will be held on december 21 evening.
samvaad, a mega issue of quarterly newsletter of litaa, which reaches in print to 2,000 litians and to over 5,000 in digital form, will be launched to mark the occasion.
a daylong programme on december 22 will begin by paying respects to rao bahadur d laxminarayan, followed by sessions on science and spirituality and innovations in technology.
the event will conclude with annual general meeting of litaa.
the meet will focus on future road map for the alma mater.
the alumni are keen to witness lit transform into a deemed to be university and scale greater heights of excellence and global recognition.
litaa will continue to focus on its catalytic role by making available the cumulative talent of thousands of litians spread across the world to their alma mater.
the earlier events had got overwhelming response from litaa chapters at nagpur, mumbai, delhi, pune, bengaluru and overseas with active participation.
present at the press conference were litaa chairman ajay deshpande, patron director raju mankar, secretary amalesh purohit and other executive committee and organizing team members.
more information can be obtained by writing to globallitalumni@gmail.com or from event coordinators amalesh purohit (9766393340) or sunil mundada (9422773771).
this story is from february 13, 2019file photo of prime minister narendra modi.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: five years ago as wannabe prime minister narendra modi caused a splash at his chai pe charcha with farmers at dabhadi village in yavatmal district .
on saturday, he returns to the same lok sabha constituency hoping to retain power at the centre.
pandharkawda is in the cotton belt of the region dubbed epicentre of farmers suicide crisis.
with the oppositions main thrust likely to be on farm distress, modi has opted to visit the hotspot and take on his rivals.
dabhadi, in arni taluka, was chosen in 2014 as rally venue on the insistence of shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray because of proximity to washim and to boost the campaign of then sena-bjp alliance candidate bhavna gawali seeking re-election.
this time, with the sena yet to agree for a pre-poll alliance, the bjp intends to make a strong statement with the mega pre-poll rally that it was ready on its own for the big fight.
the rally is basically to address women self-help group members.
pandharkwada is part of the constituency from where hansraj ahir, union minister of state for home, got elected.
by holding a modi rally there, ahir is expecting to repair damage caused by poor performance of bjps arni mla raju todsam.
after pandharkawda rally, modi is scheduled to fly to dhule for another rally the same afternoon.
we are all set to welcome the prime minister and expect him to announce major relief for tribals and women shgs, said kishore tiwari on whose home turf the rally is being organized.
tiwari, who heads the state task force of farm distress, has been in news in recent times for demanding that bjp stalwart and union minister nitingadkari gadkari take over reins of the party replacing amit shah if the party wants to win back trust of the farmers.
ironically, the onus is now on tiwari to ensure success of the modi rally being held in his backyard.
the congress leaders have said they would hold protests to disrupt the rally, a challenge that modi has accepted.
this story is from december 28, 2018gst compensationno seat-sharing talks yetdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi/bengaluru: chief minister hd kumaraswamy on thursday said karnataka and tamil nadu were not indo-pak enemies and expressed optimism that the states could amicably resolve differences on the proposed mekedatu project.
union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari, at a meeting with kumaraswamy, reportedly assured the chief minister that he would convene a meeting of all riparian states on mekedatu.
tamil nadu has declined karnatakas request for a meeting saying the issue is before the supreme court.
kumaraswamy also met prime minister narendra modi and thanked the centre for giving clearance to the state government to prepare a detailed project report on the mekedatu project.
speaking to reporters after meeting the pm, kumaraswamy said: i have requested gadkari to convene a meeting of chief ministers of the two states to resolve the matter.
he agreed and directed his officials to fix a meeting.
.
.
[maybe] in 10 to 15 days.
kumaraswamy said the mekedatu project would be more beneficial to tamil nadu than karnataka and requested the aiadmk and dmk not to make it a political issue.
besides the mekedatu project, kumaraswamy said he also discussed with modi the release of drought relief to the state, declaration of upper krishna project stage-iii as a project of national importance and gazette notification of the award of krishna water disputes tribunal-ii and of mahadayi water disputes tribunal.
kumaraswamy met union finance minister arun jaitley and sought extension of the gst compensation period till 2025, contending that the states revenue deficit had widened to 20  after the introduction of the gst regime.
states are currently entitled to receive compensation for the first five years since the implementation of gst in 2017, or till 2022.
during the vat regime, karnataka used to register average growth of 10  to 12  every year.
but post-gst, the revenue deficit is 20  against projected revenue, kumaraswamy said in a representation made to the union finance minister.
kumaraswamy said the jd(s) had not yet discussed with the congress about a seat-sharing formula for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the jd(s) leaders comment came in the wake of congress leader siddaramaiah in hubbali on thursday rubbishing bjps claim that the coalition government in karnataka would collapse due to internal rifts.
this story is from january 31, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari recently launched a website www.
indiaforethanol.net to create awareness about ethanol production especially among farmers.
at present the website provides information in hindi but work is going on to translate the matter into 34 regional languages also.
a helpline for those interested in ethanol production will also be started soon.
ajit parse, developer of the website, told toi that 80  of indias crude oil requirement was met through exports which required a large amount of foreign exchange.
we need to reduce our dependence on foreign fuel and biofuels are the only solution.
at present only 10  ethanol mixing can be done but this figure can be easily increased to 30 .
our missions chemistry expert hemant jambhekar has demonstrated that normal vehicles can use petrol and diesel blended with this much ethanol, he said.
spice jet airlines had flew from dehradun to delhi using aviation turbine fuel (atf) blended with 35  ethanol some months ago.
more than a decade ago the then rss chief ks sudarshan had mooted the concept of ethanol mixing in india and asked gadkari to promote it.
since then the bjp leader has been asking farmers to sell their produce to ethanol factories.
his family runs purti industries, which is a major producer of the biofuel.
dr apj abdul kalam, former president of india, believed that if farmers were allowed to plant biofuel trees along railway lines and roads then their income would shoot up and they would not commit suicide.
parse said that ethanol production can also reduce pollution in delhi and other cities of north india.
farmers burn their crop residues in winter, which causes air pollution.
this residue can easily be converted into ethanol.
people will be saved from pollution and the farmers will get money for their waste material, he added.
gadkari wants to tell people that higher ethanol content in vehicular fuel is possible.
brazil runs 100  ethanol driven vehicles and saves a lot of foreign exchange, said parse.
farmers, businessmen and unemployed youths interested in ethanol production can send their queries through the website.
jambhekar will personally answer them, parse further said.
we also want a biofuel research institute of international standards should come up in nagpur, added parse.
this story is from november 18, 2018gadkari: rbi circulars creating problemsunion minister nitingadkari gadkari has said his experience during his interaction with rbi was not good.
he said investors were finding it difficult to achieve financial closure in banks.
this story is from december 8, 2018union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
(photo: @nitin_gadkari)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: angry over the bad conditions of roads in the country, union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on thursday evening threatened to run a bulldozer over contractors.
the comments, made at the launch of a book india inspires: redefining the politics of deliverance, came hours after the sc expressed concerns on indias road quality and termed the more than 14,000 deaths in the five years on account of potholes as unacceptable, as the number was higher than lives lost in terror attacks.
i told many big contractors that if the quality of roads you build is bad, i will put them under a bulldozer, the minister said.
seeking to address any concerns on transparency, he said none of the contractors are forced to come to new delhi for contracts these days.
the minister said the rate of road construction was 2 km a day when the government took over, but today, it is 28km a day and the target is to build 40km per day by march 2019.
this story is from february 9, 2019union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)ganga to be 100  clean by mar 2020download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
river traffic control system from farakka to patna has been inaugurated and monitoring of boats would be done.
at least rs 5,500 crore would be invested by inland waterways authority of india, he said.
the ganga would be 100 per cent aviral (flowing continuously) and nirmal (clean) by march 2020 and you will be able to take a glass of potable water from ganga.
theres already an improvement in chemical oxygen demand level and quality at sangam.
also, around 33  of ganga-related projects have already been completed, the minister told reporters.
in ayodhya, the minister said the centre was developing river ports along saryu and another in basti district.
he also announced sanction of rs 900 crore for development and construction of 84 kosi parikrama marg in ayodhya.
this story is from october 24, 2018preparations afoot for three-day world islamic sunni iitimaa to be held at kdk college ground, wardhaman nagar.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: stage is set for a three-day world islamic sunni iitimaa (wisi) being organized in the city from october 26 to 28.
more than one lakh delegates from india and abroad are likely to attend this conference organized to mark the 100th urs of imaam ahmed raza khan at kdk college ground, wardhaman nagar.
the event has been organized by munazzamah falaahiyyah, an organization which works for social, religious and academic welfare of the sunni community.
giving details of the event, shariq sheikh razavi, president of munazzamah falaahiyyah said, imaam ahmed raza khan is highly revered in our community as he is known as a revivalist.
people like him come once in a century and they are known as revivalist as they help in bringing back to the religion many of its practices which have got diluted or are forgotten over the years.
about 150 scholars from india and abroad will attend the conference which will focus on subjects like spreading teachings and preaching of sufism, inculcating patriotism in youth, loving the younger and respecting the elders, striving to declare nagpur as a clean, green and peaceful city and most importantly, propagating the literary works of imaam raza ahmed khan.
the motto of the conference is follow sufism, not terrorism.
the highlight of the event will be release of a biography of imaam raza ahmed khan in various languages.
sufism prescribes life which is beneficial to mankind, so the purpose of the conference is to reach these peaceful tenets laid down in islam and propagated by the imaam to all communities, razavi said.
the notable among the speakers will be sheikh noor al ain qadri from tanzania, hazrat dr hasan raza khan from patna, hazrat mannan raza khan from bareilly shareef who belongs to the family of the imaam, hazrat sayyed moin ashraf kachhauchha sharief, uttar pradesh and hazrat sheikh abu bakar from kerala.
representatives of famous dargahs of india will also be present.
on october 26, a special conference will be organized for women which will be attended by 50 women scholars from different cities.
chief minister devendra fadnavis and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will be the chief guests at a special seminar on sufism and humanity and role of muslim community in nation building to be held at hotel orient taibah at 10am on october 27.
hazrat dr sayyed fazlullah chishti from new delhi will address the seminar.
a 300x80 sq feet dome has been put up at the venue to accommodate the delegates for which no charges will be taken though food will be provided at a nominal rate, razavi said.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
we are confident ganga will be 100  clean by march 2020.
for this, yamuna also has to be clean.
we have completed two projects in haryana and another in himachal pradesh.
work on 13 projects is on in delhi.
the union minister reiterated that he has a dream to cruise on yamuna to visit taj mahal before march.
we are getting aeroboats from russia which can ply on shallow water.
i am hopeful of boarding an aeroboat to reach agra.
the river can also be used for plying seaplanes.
in 2014, a former chief of japan international cooperation agency (jica) had said that he hoped to swim in yamuna by 2017 and drink the river water as well.
jica is the main funding agency for the sewage treatment plants and other projects under the yamuna action plan.
now under the namami gange, the centre is pushing for expeditious completion of ongoing projects and the delhi government has accelerated the process.
this story is from february 9, 2019a congress worker waves the party flag during the rallyparty president rahul gandhi address a public meeting '.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: controversy erupted just before aicc chief rahul gandhi touched down in bhopal on friday when a poster went up, showing pm narendra modi as ravana, and rahul as rama.
congress condemned it, and police took the poster down.
only a day ago, there was a row over another banner that claimed ram bhakt rahul will build ram mandir in ayodhya through consensus.
congress said it was the handiwork of enthusiastic local workers.
the ravana poster appeared on a busy road, just one bus-stop away from the state congress headquarters, early friday morning.
photos of it went viral.
it showed pm modi as ravana.
bjp chief amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, nitingadkari gadkari and piyush goyal, uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath and former cm shivraj singh chouhan were depicted as the other heads of ravana.
so were industrialist anil ambani and fugitive jewellery designer nirav modi.
the poster depicted rahul as lord ram taking aim at ravana.
the administration acted swiftly and sent a strong contingent of police to pull it down.
state congress spokesman ravi saxena said, this was the work of some enthusiastic party worker.
congress party condemns this and has no connection with the poster.
narendra modi is the prime minister of the country and we do not support people involved in such activities.
congress party does not favour such propaganda.
outraged, the madhya pradesh bjp accused congress of insulting prime minister narendra modi and filed a complaint at mp nagar police station.
this is highly objectionable.
the way congress leaders are insulting prime minister narendra modi is condemnable.
pm modi represents the country and congress has no right to cross the limit.
bjp will not tolerate this insult.
we demand immediate arrest of the culprits, said bjp state spokesperson rajneesh agrawal.
bjp national vice-president of youth wing rahul kothari said, it is objectionable and shameful to portray a person holding a constitutional post in such a way.
it would have been better if rahul gandhi were shown as ravana for making baseless allegations to save his family from corruption charges.
this story is from november 3, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: over rs1,600 crore memorandums of understanding (mous) were signed during the first indo-french conclave, organized by indo-french chamber of commerce and industries (ifcci) in the city on friday.
the mous were inked in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis, union minister nitingadkari gadkari, power minister chandrashekhar bawankule.
french ambassador alexandre ziegler and ifcci chairman guillaume girard-reydet and brain behind the event prasanna mohile also graced the occasion.
the biggest mou signed was between thales aerospace and six indian companies which alone is worth $150 million.
the companies involved included bharat forge, solar explosives and others which alone would generate over 5,000 employment in the region.
the french multinational thales would produce aircraft parts.
another french giant turis and galliard entered into collaboration with maharashtra airport development corporation (madc) for manufacturing aircraft parts.
renowned hotel chain accor hotels would be setting up its novotel brand in the city, which would be functional by end of next year.
it would also set up another chain in the city.
the total investments would be around rs250 crore and would generate direct employment for over 400 persons and indirect for over 2,000.
interglobe hotels would be the joint partner of accor.
well known multinational and manufacturer of cable cars poma has given letter of intent (loi) to the cm for starting ropeway service between airport and metro rail station.
it also has plans to start cable car services at tadoba andhari tiger reserve.
the total investment would be rs2 crore.
the last agreement was between technique solaire and maharashtra energy development agency (meda) for setting up 20mw plant which is worth 13 million euros.
ifcci secretary general payal kanwar informed that agreements of over 200 million euros were inked at the function.
earlier, french delegates visited mihan and interacted with madc officials there.
they also visited various units in mihan and lauded the facilities.
madc officials made a presentation at the w building for visitors and urged them to invest in vidarbha.
his comments on thursday#watch union min nitingadkari gadkari says,nirnay kewal mere dept ka nahi hai, sarkar aur pm ke level pe nirnay hoga par https://t.
co/itcyjmkiip  ani (@ani) 1550811372000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: water resources minister and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari on friday stepped up pressure on pakistan , saying he had asked the ministry to explore options that could block even the neighbours share of waters from the indus system as terrorism and business-as-usual could not go hand in hand.
gadkaris comments are a scale up ofwhen he restricted himself to saying india will make use of its share of waters currently flowing into pakistan.
he said while the decision to curtail pakistans share  which can amount to abrogation of the indus water treaty  needs the top leaderships consideration, his ministry was examining various options.
nirnay kewal mere department ka nahi hai.
sarkar aur pm ke level pe nirnay hoga, par maine apne department se kaha hai ki pakistan ka jo inke adhikar ka bhi paani ja raha tha, woh kahan, kahan rok sakte hain uska technical design bana ke taiyaar karo (decision will not happen at the level of my department.
he further said since pakistan insisted on inflicting terrorism on india, it would be difficult to keep humanitarian considerations in mind.
the principles of shared concerns and needs that animated the inking of the treaty after independence have not been reciprocated, the minister added.
speaking at a workers meeting in jabalpur, he said, if pakistan does not stop sending terrorists to india, we will not give a single drop of water to them.
the ministry did not elaborate on gadkaris remarks.
experts believe india will have to abrogate the 1960 treaty if the government decides on such an option.
if there is political will, india can go ahead with it unilaterally.
there are provisions under vienna convention where a country can go for unilateral abrogation in such circumstances, said uttam sinha, senior fellow at nehru memorial museum and library.
sinha, however, said the option was not easy as india would need a cost-benefit analysis both in terms of its impact internationally as well as regionally (in terms of its relations with nepal and bangladesh).
there could be three options  renegotiation of iwt, suspension of the indus water commission indefinitely and developing capacity to fully utilise its own share of water under the treaty.
former water secretary shashi shekhar said the option of abrogation should be examined in a larger context.
the iwt survived three wars (1965, 1971 and 1999).
india has always been very gracious.
the question is whether the country should comply with its obligation under the treaty when pakistan continues to fan terrorism, he told toi.
shekhar said there were precedents when the us and china had abrogated treaties.
prime minister narendra modi visited yavatmal district of maharashtra on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
yavatmal/dhule: inaugurating a slew of projects during his tour of maharashtra on saturday, pm narendra modi presented his government's progress report and developmental agenda and stated that if the people of india had not given the nda a strong and unambiguous mandate in 2014, the country would have been still stuck on the path of slow development.
in pandharkawada in yavatmal district , the pm e-inaugurated schemes including an eklavya residential school at kinwat in nanded, road works and irrigation projects, flagged off the humsafar ac train between ajni (nagpur) and pune through a video link and handed over symbolic keys to beneficiaries who have got houses under the pm awas yojana and certificates to women beneficiaries of several other schemes.
in dhule he flagged off the bhusawal-bandra khandesh express through a video link and laid the foundation stonefor the dhule-nardana new rail line and the jalgaon-manmad third rail line.
the development projects inaugurated on saturday would allow dhule to compete with surat in neighbouring gujarat in the next 30 years, he said.
after beginning his speech in yavatmal in the local banjara dialect, paying tributes to the communitys saints like sevalal and speaking for a while in marathi, modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension.
governor vidyasagar rao, cm devendra fadnavis, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and union minister of state for home hansraj ahir, in whose lok sabha constituency in yavatmal the rally was organized, were present.
fadnavis announced a big hike in the revolving capital for women shgs (self-help groups)  from rs60,000 to rs1 lakh  amid cheers from beneficiaries in the crowd.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gadkari was addressing a mammoth gathering of party workers at the political capital of himachal pradesh.
minister also laid foundation stones for rs 4,500 crore national highway projects.
bjp is for those who want to serve the nation and have made sacrifices for the same, he added.
to encourage party workers, he talked about his journey in bjp and how it led to his appointment as the youngest party president in 2009.
i had no exposure to national politics when i was appointed as the national president of the party.
gadkari also hinted at his leaning towards former chief minister and bjp mp shanta kumar, when he fondly reminisced about how he was just a student and a common party worker when he met shanta kumar.
i used to stick posters and make announcements when kumar came to nagpur as chief minister he recalled.
it is to be noted that shanta kumar famously wrote the letter to amit shah in july 2015, showing first signs of discontentment with narendera modi rule.
he said in the letter that a series of scandals had dented the governments image.
interestingly, cm jairam thakur and shanta kumar were downplayed in posters and cut outs.
it was former cm p k dhumal who was prominently displayed.
from airport to rally venue, most of the cut outs were of pm modis and dhumals.
of flying buses and sea planesunion minister gadkari, referring to his recent visit to foreign nations, where he came across technologies such as flying buses, said that there are 25 new modes of transport and that a presentation was made to chief minister jairam thakur in this regard, as most of them are suitable for hilly regions.
i hope that something will soon be done in this direction.
himachal has lakes for sea planes, hills for ropeways and flying buses, he said.
this story is from january 23, 2019uddhav thackeray (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: as the shiv sena commemorates bal thackerays birth anniversary on wednesday, pressure is mounting on sena president uddhav thackeray from party mps to ink a poll pact with bjp for the lok sabha elections a sizeable section of the senas 18 mps is pushing for an alliance, and so are at least four sena ministers in the devendra fadnavis government in the state, sources said.
however, according to a tv18 report, rajya sabha mp and saamna editor sanjay raut has ruled out an alliance and predicted a hung house in the general election.
he, however, added that in such a scenario, if nitingadkari gadkari emerges as the pm face, the sena will support him.
the bjp is only thinking about itself.
so we are also thinking about only ourselves, the tv report quoted raut as saying.
with many in his own party urging a rethink, uddhav, who has been stridently critical of modihe even echoed rahul gandhis chowkidar chor hai lineis mulling the prospect of eating humble pie if he agrees to join hands with bjp.
several sena mps recently called on thackeray and urged him to team up with bjp for the general elections.
a miffed uddhav chided them for lacking courage to take the bjp head-on in their constituencies, a senior sena functionary said.
uddhavji gave a dressing down to one of our mps who rang up recently to tell him that going solo for the ls polls would be a bad idea, the functionary said.
the bjp, for its part, is piling up pressure toothe latest examples being cm fadnaviss effusive praise for the late sena founder at a public function and the state cabinets decision to release rs100 crore for the thackeray memorial on tuesday.
sources said that on a practical note, uddhav would want to tie down the bjp for both the ls and state assembly electionsalso to be held this year, but in octoberin one go.
bjp, on the other hand, is in favour of concentrating on the ls polls at this point in time and has reportedly conveyed this to the sena leadership.
we think the seat-sharing arithmetic for the vidhan sabha elections should be based on the ls performance of the two parties, a bjp mla said on tuesday.
this has set alarm bells ringing in matoshree, which fears the bjp may, after allying with sena for the general elections, leave it high and dry during state elections.
the two parties had gone solo in the 2014 state elections, with sena getting 63 seats and bjp 122.
in the 2014 ls polls they contested together, bjp had won 23 seats and sena 18.
many sena mps are worried that contesting an ls seat in maharashtras rural heartland without bjp as a poll partner would be tough in view of a slew of issues, including the escalating agrarian crisis compounded by the drought situation in parts of the state, and the vexed reservation issue, he said.
also, this time round, there is no modi wave, the sena functionary said.
many sena mps see the western maharashtra belt as the crisis zone where the congress-ncp combine is set to cut the bjp-sena to size.
sena mps want thackeray to take into account this fast-shifting political scenario in the state.
moreover, ncp leader sharad pawar will leave no stone unturned to rope in other groups such as bharip bahujan mahasangh and the raju shetti-led farmers outfit in order to stitch up a broad opposition alliance, he added.
a group of sena mps also recently urged a bjp mp from maharashtra, who has good equations with matoshree, to persuade thackeray to ink a poll pact with bjp.
the informal meeting was held on the sidelines of the parliament session in new delhi, sources said.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari will inaugurate a string of railway projects in the city on saturday morning.
according to central railway, gadkari will dedicate a 100-feet monumental national flag at the west side of the station at 11am.
besides, he will also dedicate three express trains  nagpur-mumbai duronto, nagpur-ahmedabad prerna, and nagpur-jaipur  with new lhb coaches.
these trains were pending for commissioning for want of a chief guest.
gadkari will commission escalators on platform nos.
2/3 and 4/5 at the station.
mayor nanda jichkar, guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, rajya sabha member vikas mahatme and west nagpur mla sudhakar deshmukh will remain present.
gadkari will also dedicate 47km broad gauge line between itwari and kelwad.
the south east central railway (secr) will start operations in 47km section on this route from saturday.
the train will have stoppages at koradi, khaparkheda, pipla, patansawangi, takli bhansali, malegaon, saoner and kelwad.
the work to upgrade 125km narrow gauge line is still in progress.
in another development, bjp mp from balaghat bodhsingh bhagat flagged off the extended itwari-gondia memu train till balaghat.
now, the passengers from itwari will get a direct train to balaghat.
earlier, the travellers had to depend on private mode of transport and buses having less frequency.
this story is from february 2, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: cctv surveillance is all set to begin at 589 more junctions across the city and outskirts, which will take the total number of junctions to 1,289.
smart city special purpose vehicle nagpur smart and sustainable city development corporation limited (nsscdcl) has identified the 589 junctions where 2,945 cctvs will be installed.
police department has given a list of 541 junctions for installing cctv surveillance.
corporators have suggested 48 more junctions, said an official from nsscdcl.
at present, 3,698 cctvs have been installed at 660 junctions.
another 235 cctvs will be installed at 40 junctions.
optical fibre cables and necessary infrastructure has been installed at 40 junctions but work has been halted due to metro rail, pardi and sadar flyovers, and kamptee road widening projects.
after addition of the 2,945 cctvs, total number will go up to 6,878.
nsscdcl official added the board of directors headed by additional chief secretary to cm praveen pardeshi has approved cctv surveillance in more junctions.
proposal will be submitted to maha it soon for approval.
existing operator l&t will be given additional work, he said.
nsscdcl official said most of the new junctions are those situated between two junctions where cctv surveillance has already been installed.
stretch between mate square and pratap nagar square is a fine example.
at present, cctv surveillance has been installed at these two squares only.
police department has suggested cctv surveillance also at atre layout t-point situated between these two squares, he said.
another new development in the project is augmentation of the storage capacity of feeds coming from cctvs.
at present, we can store data for 15 days.
process to augment storage to 90 days is going on.
it will help in detection of more crimes and traffic violations, nsscdcl official said.
as per nsscdcl data, over 550 crimes have been detected with the help of stored feeds of cctvs.
the traffic police department detected over 3 lakh traffic violations.
as reported by toi on december 5 last year, nsscdcl has already started the process to developed existing cctv surveillance into artificial intelligence (ai), which would be the countrys first-of-its-kind project.
all systems will be made automatic under ai.
at present, cctv surveillance and various types of smart solutions have been developed under rs520 crore  smart and safe city project.
the project is the brainchild of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the cost of the project will increase after addition of new works.
also, nsscdcl has plans to make internet facility free for availing government services from 84 junctions where wi-fi facility has been created.
at present, first 30 minutes is free followed by charges.
plan is also to increase free time period further.
on saturday, fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari will dedicate the project to public.
l&t was awarded the project on october 18, 2016 with a deadline of one year.
project got delayed due to various reasons.
status of smart and safe city project:* 3,698 cctvs of total 3,933 installed* optical fibre cable of 1,200km connecting all cctvs, city operation centre, and command and control centre laid* smart streetlighting done on 383 of total 400 street lights on smart strip of 6km stretch between japanese garden square and khamla square on whc road* smart traffic signals installed at 10 junctions on smart strip* of total 5 drones and 5 mobile surveillance vehicles, two each handed over to police department* 25 of total 65 smart kiosks installed.
this story is from january 15, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the nagpur university will confer over 52,000 degrees at its 106th convocation, just 4,000 more than the last convocation.
however, there is a big jump in phds to be awarded on january 19 at vasantrao deshpande hall as compared to last convocation said nu officials.
at the 105th convocation, around 48,000 degrees were conferred on students from various faculties, but only 152 phds were awarded, and there were no dlitt or dsc.
this time, nu would be honouring prof ag bhole with the prestigious dsc.
nu would be awarding over 530 phds, which is an increase of 378.
a senior official from nus exam section told toi that number of degrees were reduced by over 5,000 since 104th convocation due to change in format by the university.
in earlier convocation, both summer and winter graduating students were awarded degrees, so the numbers were high.
after change in format, all 48,000 degrees awarded in 105th convocation were of winter exams only.
all 52,000 degrees to be awarded in forthcoming function would largely be of the summer exams, he said.
speaking about jump in number of phds, he added that 105th convocation was held on march 24 last year, just four months after the 104th ceremony, which led to drop in their numbers to 152 from a high of 769.
however, 106th convocation is being held after 10 months, due to which the number of phds has increased.
a couple of years from now, you will see hardly 50 students getting this coveted degrees, due to introduction of stringent norms by nu, including conducting two entrance examinations, he said.
the 106th ceremony saw some controversy over invitation to the chief guest due to a flip-flop on dates by the office of chancellor ch vidyasagar rao.
nu had to face the embarrassment of saying no to iim director errol dsouza after initially inviting him as the chief guest due to sudden change of dates by the chancellor.
in the end, the chancellor agreed to grace the occasion on the same date, january 19, as was fixed earlier.
now, nu has invited hcl founder shiv nadar as the chief guest for the convocation.
after refusal by union railway minister piyush goyal, nu authorities spent sleepless nights in search of a chief guest, and were close to settling on union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
renowned industrialists like ratan tata and reliance industries limited (ril) chairman mukesh ambani too had declined invitations sent by the vc citing busy schedule.
this story is from february 1, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: in a fresh twist to upgradation of railway line through melghat tiger reserve (mtr), the supreme courts central empowered committee (cec) has once again put the ball in national board of wildlife (nbwl) court by asking it to reconsider the project.
the nbwl is the highest decision-making body of moefcc on projects involving national parks, sanctuaries and tiger reserves.
the board had, in its meeting on january 3, 2017, cleared the project subject to mitigation measures.
on thursday, the cec heard two separate petitions filed by akot-based environment lawyer manish jeswani and prasad khale of conservation action trust (cat), mumbai, the cec told the moefc representatives that since the national tiger conservation authority (ntca) and wildlife institute of india (wii), dehradun, have said that avoidance of the project through the tiger reserve is the best mitigation, the moefcc should now again take up the matter with nbwl to reconsider the project.
after remaining elusive, officials of south central railway (scr), which is implementing the project, were present on thursday during the hearing with their lawyers.
the scr promised to file a reply in the matter.
the railways were asked to submit documents on right of way (row).
over 15 officials from maharashtra forest department, ntca, railways moefcc and scientists from wii were present during the hearing.
in his detailed reply as directed by the cec during the last hearing on january 16, mtr field director ms reddy submitted a fact sheet and maps.
after cec rap, on january 17, the wii had submitted its reply to the ntca that avoidance of the project through tiger reserve was the only best possible way.
the ntca too took the same stand following which it now seems that the railways will have to think over alternate alignment outside the reserve.
the stalled issue of railway line hogged limelight after a meeting between union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and railway minister piyush goyal on june 18, 2018 at delhi.
both agreed to go ahead with the project through mtr as no clearances were required as row belonged to railways.
a day after the meeting between two ministers, the railway board issued a letter on june 19 asking scr to start work on the project as forest clearances were not needed.
however, the state government, in its reply to cec on january 16, 2019, has already countered railways submission that it does not attract forest (conservation) act, 1980 under the right of way (row).
moefcc on december 5, 2017 has clarified that since the row is part of the critical tiger habitat (cth), fca will be applicable, said a senior mtr official.
nbwls job is to protect interest of wildlife and its habitat as per the provisions of wildlife (protection) act, 1972.
now when both ntca and wii have recommended to avoid the project through tiger reserve, the board should immediately say no to upgradation, said petitioner jeswani.
mumbai: traditionally, economic decisions take a backseat during the election season due to political expediency.
not this time, say the political top brass.
the government promises to go full steam ahead on economic decisions despite the elections which are around the corner.
that was the clear message from top cabinet ministers to india inc at the economic times awards for corporate excellence on saturday.
leadership is the art of taking decisions, and not postponing them because there is no consensus, said finance minister arun jaitley , adding that the strength of an economy is seen in how it grows during adversity.
as political parties prepare for the lok sabha polls in 2019, ministers of the modi government said that development is going to be a clear theme.
pointing out that the et awards, which celebrates its 20th anniversary this year, were a reflection of changing contours of corporate india, times group md vineet jain said that this government has taken a strong stand on what is turning out to be one of the worlds most sought-after resources  information.
data is the new oil is a catchphrase today, and if it is true, india has one of the worlds richest reserves.
i hope our draft data protection law will bring in much-needed safeguards for the data of indian citizens, said jain.
he added that a data-protection regime, devised by the rbi, is already in place in the financial sector.
these measures do not mean we are erecting trade barriers, as some have accused india of doing.
they are a legitimate means of securing this valuable asset.
indeed, they represent a potential business opportunity for companies which could create the infrastructure to host and manage data within the country, jain added.
speaking about the governments ambitious highway project, union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said that in two and a half years, there will be a six-lane highway from the national capital to the financial capital, which would cut down delhi-mumbai road travel to 12 hours.
the government will award the delhi-jaipur stretch in the next few days, for which rs 16,000 crore has been budgeted.
the 2019 elections will certainly be about the economy and development.
we will showcase what we have achieved with a sense of responsibility.
what we have achieved are first-level changes, because of which there are a lot more rigorous systemic transformations that are taking place, said defence minister nirmala sitharaman echoing the governments theme of financial inclusion, the winner of et business leader of the year award  bajaj finserv md sanjiv bajaj  said, the last 10 years have been a tremendous journey for us  from issuing a few hundred thousand loans annually to fy19 when we should do 40 million loans and policies.
of these, nearly 8 million individuals will enter the formal financial credit system, getting the first formal loan from us.
this is the opportunity that the country provides.
this story is from november 17, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: prime minister narendra modi, party president amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath would be the bjps star campaigners for forthcoming assembly elections.
the party on friday released a list of 40 star campaigners, which also included veteran film actress and mp hema malini, haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, union ministers sushma swaraj, rajnath singh, prakash javadekar, nitingadkari gadkari, piyush goyal, smriti irani and v k singh, among others.
the party, though, is yet to announce the dates of their visits when the senior party leaders will address public rallies in the state.
according to sources, shahs visit is expected to begin on november 21.
this story is from february 12, 2019the three-day exhibition was held at visvesvaraya national institute of technology auditoriumdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: a unique 3-day educative health exhibition titled kutuhal was inaugurated by union minister nitingadkari gadkari and mayor nanda jichkar, on saturday.
the exhibition, held at visvesvaraya national institute of technology (vnit) auditorium, is jointly organised by vigyan bharati, along with vnit, indian medical association (ima) and national cancer institute (nci).
the inaugural programme was followed by public interactive sessions on general health topics.
dr abhinav deshpande spoke on robotic surgery, dr maya tulpule on vitiligo and dr sindhu ganvir on oral cancer.
around 50 stalls provided information on various aspects, like anatomy, nutrition, diabetes, anaesthesiology, geriatric, dentistry, opthalmology, cardiology, cancer and organ donation among others.
thousands of medical aspirants, professors and doctors thronged the exhibition.
speaking to toi on the sidelines, multi organ harvesting aid network (mohan) foundations transplant co  ordinator bulu behera said, this stall has been set-up in order to communicate information and spread awareness regarding organ donation.
we are helping visitors to clarify certain topics like kidney, heart and liver failure, donation of tissues and brain death.
consultant dietician and pranic healer meenal bhoyar from nutriheal said, an appropriate diet and consumption of necessary macro-nutrients is essential to maintain a balance between the mind, body and soul.
so far, we have received great response from the crowd as they are inquisitive about this particular subject.
jeetendra dhole, a second year medical student, said, this is a great place to be as i have had the opportunity to witness different types of machinery, equipment and other instruments used in the operation theatres and intensive care units.
another medical student, aishwarya tatpure said, the interactive sessions have cleared many myths and doubts about medical science and i have gained a whole lot of knowledge from the various stalls organized here.
this story is from december 23, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the cryptic remark of the union minister came after the bharatiya janata party (bjp) lost three 'hindi heartland' states  rajasthan , madhya pradesh, and chhattisgarh  in the recently-concluded assembly elections.
one also has to take credit of failure and that kind of leadership should be there.
(party) leadership should own up to failures.
until it does so, its loyalty and commitment towards the organisation are not proved.
in politics, after a defeat in any state or lok sabha elections, the defeated candidates start cribbing and complaining that they did not get adequate support.
i always say that whichever panel loses, it submits an application against the other.
when there is a bjp government, an inquiry is initiated against the congress, and when there is congress, inquiry is done against the bjp, he added.
the union minister further said that the nation has become awkward in the present day.
the country has become awkward nowadays.
a person who is working well should be supported, irrespective of who he is, and a person who is working badly should be punished, even if he belongs to us.
the bjp leader also batted for enhanced credibility in the cooperative banking system.
this story is from december 21, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ziro: providing a fillip to connectivity in the strategically important arunachal pradesh , union minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday laid the foundation of national highway projects worth rs 9,533 crore.
the union minister for road transport and highways, accompanied by union minister of state for home kiren rijiju and chief minister pema khandu , laid the foundation for a 472-km stretch of national highway, re-launched a project for two-laning a section of nh-229 under the trans arunachal highway project, and laid the foundations of two projects for expansion of three stretches on the nh-313 into two-lane highways.
.
.
the project has been divided into small packages so that state contractors can be roped in.
he also inaugurated bridges over the dibang and lohit rivers, a section of the nh-52b that was recently turned into a two-lane stretch and another section that was recently constructed.
our ministry has executed road projects in the country worth rs 10 lakh crore, of which rs 2.
new delhi: the moment nda benches were waiting for in finance minister piyush goyals interim budget came just past 12.
30 pm on friday, almost an hour and a half into his speech.
as goyal announced the proposal for full tax rebate to individual taxpayers with annual income up to rs 5 lakh, and to raise standard deduction for salaried persons from rs 40,000 to rs 50,000, lok sabha erupted in loud cheers with treasury benches thumping tables and lustily chanting modi, modi.
in the eyes of the ruling party, the modi government had just dealt a winning hand and prime minister narendra modi , usually a dispassionate onlooker, joined the cheering, beaming and thumping his desk.
he later walked up to goyal and gave him a few hearty pats on the back.
the josh was high all around and bjps man of the moment, goyal, who took charge as finance minister less than two weeks ago, received congratulations from cabinet colleagues nitingadkari gadkari and sushma swaraj and bjp veteran lk advani.
the fms speech, delivered in a combination of hindi and english, sought to build a populist bridge across the partys urban and rural constituencies with the poor a new addition to traditional bases.
while parts of the budget aimed at farmers and unorganised sector workers were delivered in hindi, announcements on salaried middle class, real estate sector, the state of macro economy and relief for entertainment industry was in english.
it was a day of considerable publicity for the vicky kaushal-starrer uri, mentioned by goyal in his speech, even though bjp might be the one riding on the films success.
there were protests and shouts from the opposition, but seemed to lack intent.
for most part, congress chief rahul gandhi and those near him seemed somewhat dispirited.
as the finance minister held forth on welfare measures for workers and farmers and income tax amendments some like trinamool mp kalyan banerjee tried to raise a racket.
congress held up posters that read hows the jobs?
, attempting to corner the government on a recent nsso report that alleged unemployment rates had breached a 45-year high.
congress mp rajeev satav walked to the treasury benches and put prints of recent news reports on the jobs report on goyals and pms desks.
banerjee said parliament had been reduced to a cinema hall with pm modi as hero and goyal as the villain.
cpm mps also demanded that the government furnish copies of the economic survey.
this story is from october 23, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: the centre has withdrawn the permission granted to additional solicitor general of india atmaram nadkarni to represent goa before the mhadei water dispute tribunal (mwdt).
earlier, the centre withdrew permission to nadkarni in february this year.
it re-allowed him following chief minister manohar parrikars intervention in march.
the central government is a neutral party to inter-river water disputes among party states, and, therefore, it would be inappropriate for the centre to permit the additional solicitor general to represent a particular state for inter-state river disputes, union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari stated in a letter to parrikar.
parrikar had written to the union government seeking permission for nadkarni to represent the state before the supreme court in the mhadei case.
earlier, karnataka had demanded that the union government withdraw permission granted to nadkarni.
meanwhile, the mwdt submitted its report under section 5(2) of the interstate river water disputes act (isrwd), 1956, in august.
it stated that the state of karnataka has been permitted to divert 61.
8 mcum (2.
18 tmc) and 48.
7 mcum (1.
72 tmc) at the proposed bhandura and kalasa dam sites respectively subject to the condition that the state of karnataka undertakes fresh planning and development of schemes for consumptive uses within the basin and or diversion of water outside the basin, including reservoir losses etc.
, for not more than the quantum of mentioned in the report.
this story is from january 10, 2019sukhbir badaldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bathinda: shiromani akali dal president sukhbir badal demanded the registration of a cheating case against chief minister amarinder singh on wednesday, saying that he had not fulfilled promises he made before coming to power in the state.
sukhbir also demanded a package for agriculture from prime minister narendra modi.
sukhbir was accompanied by his union minister wife, harsimrat badal.
he added that a request had been made to the mp to introduce a production-subsidy concept for farmers.
this is essential to ensuring an adequate income for farmers.
they have no control over inputs like fertilisers and pesticides, but their output is fixed as per government norms.
this creates a dichotomy which should be addressed by granting them an annual subsidy, he added.
sukhbir said amarinder had given a signed affidavit to farmers, declaring that he would waive complete loans if elected to power.
he did not honour his signed affidavit.
this amounts to cheating.
a case under section 420 of the ipc should be registered against him, he added.
harsimrat said amarinder was trying to fool punjabis by stating that central funds had not been sent to the state government for starting work on kartarpur corridor.
she said union minister nitingadkari gadkari had already made it clear that funds would be released once the punjab government acquired land for the same.
if the state does not acquire land, it cant blame the centre, she said.
this story is from february 15, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale said pm narendra modi-led nda will back in power at the centre after 2019 general elections.
bjp with allies will win comfortably on the basis of its developmental agenda and good work done in last five years, he said.
athawale, while addressing a press conference here on thursday, said the bjp has only one candidate for pm post unlike the congress-led mahagathbandhan which has several aspirants for the post.
asked if he would like his close friend nitingadkari gadkari to be the prime minister after 2019 elections, athawale in his inimitable style said, gadkari is my good friend and has made a mark with his good work in the government.
but i will go with modi as pm for 2109.
he may get a chance be in 2024.
the dalit leader, who severed ties with decades of association with congress-ncp, said that he was happy to be with the bjp-sena alliance and would like prakash ambedkar-led vanchit aghadi party too to join the nda so as to get a share of power.
the vanchit aghadi would anyway cut into votes of the congress.
so instead of helping the bjp indirectly, he should join the saffron alliance and be part of the next government, athawale said.
ambedkar should not go by crowds attending his meetings because that hardly translates into votes, he advised his former rpi colleague.
on priayanka gandhi getting important position in the congress, he said it would hardly make any impact in elections.
mere resemblance to indiraji may not be enough, she is yet to prove she has the mettle that her grandmother possessed, the dalit leader said.
he was in the city to review appointments of sc/ st candidates in seats reserved for them in nmc and zilla parishad and to get status check on housing for poor and schemes like mudra.
this story is from february 6, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the centre will launch half a dozen highway and infrastructure projects worth rs 5,300 crore in ayodhya on friday including the improvement of 84 kosi parikrama marg and the ram van gaman marg.
the two projects have religious significance, particularly for pilgrims who visit the holy city in uttar pradesh the foundation stone for all the projects will be laid by highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and uttar pradeshchief minister yogi adityanath .
though the projects were planned earlier in 2015, the government is kick starting construction just before the poll dates are announced and also at a time when the ram mandir issue has become the talk of the nation .
according to highway ministry officials, in the first phase, about 91 km of the 84 kosi parikrama marg (250 km) will be expanded to four lanes with an investment of nearly rs 896 crore.
huge number of pilgrims take the route to complete the tour around the city.
this stretch will be developed as a national highway.
another significant project is the construction of around 48 km stretch of ayodhya-chitrakoot of the ram van gaman marg.
the road provides connectivity to janakpur in nepal.
according to the epic, after their marriage, lord ram and sita took this route from janakpur to ayodhya.
new delhi: a father and son, who earlier ran a motor workshop , was arrested by the crime branch for duping several businessmen of crores on the pretext of selling them rice pullers that could eventually be sold off to space agencies like nasa joint commissioner (crime) alok kumar confirmed the arrests of virender mohan brar (56) and his son nitingadkari (30), adding that they are conducting raids to arrest others involved in the crime.
the accused had started off by selling magic mirrors, dual headed snakes, nagmani, etc, and progressed to their latest modus operandi of selling copper iridium metal that could attract many things, including rice.
earlier, they moved around on a bike, but of late, travelled in an audi to lure buyers.
dcp (crime) bhisham singh said the two would take turns to wear self-stitched space and anti-radiation suits to pose as nasa scientists and test the authenticity of the rice puller during the deals with the victims.
last week, toi had reported about two incidents where they cheated two south delhi businessmen of rs 1.
43 crore and rs 39 lakh, respectively.
the businessmen were told that nasa would buy it for rs 37,500 crore.
the matter was reported by one of the victims, jaheed ali (36), who told police that the accused posed as representatives of an american firm rehan metal usa, which had opened a branch in karol bagh.
he sold off one of the floors of his building to arrange for the money.
after receiving the amount, the gang, which offered him a discount on the machine, soon shut office and disappeared.
simultaneously, another businessman from lajpat nagar, who had lost around rs 1.
43 crore, also reported the matter.
he was cheated twice by the accused who also made him sign an mou.
the gang was organised.
while one posed as a seller, another posed as a potential buyer and tried to compete with the victim to inflate the prices.
the crooks told victims that the metal possessed enormous atomic power that could attract rare earth metals from the spot where a thunderbolt strikes the earth, dcp singh said.
apart from their suits and the audi, police have recovered a laptop, printer, blank letter heads of a foreign country, cheque books and fake id cards of rehan metals.
this story is from january 6, 2019west bengal bjp chief dilip ghosh wished west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee sound health and success i.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
kolkata: bengal bjp president dilip ghosh wished chief minister mamata banerjee good health on her birthday on saturday, and a 'prime ministerial wish' for good measure.
i wish her sound health and success in life.
she is bengal's face.
if anyone from bengal gets to become prime minister, that would be mamata.
jyoti babu missed the chance by a whisker.
his party didn't let him become pm.
we had pranab mukherjee as president of india, gho-sh said, springing a surprise on bengal's political circles.
a cursory look at the official twitter handle of ghosh - who usually doesn't spend a day forgetting to swear at the chief minister - revealed that the bengal bjp president went hammer and tongs against the banerjee government on several issues, such as the cm hiding facts on the centre's support to various schemes running in bengal, namely fasal bima for farmers and her announcing doles of rs 5,000 for each farmer ahead of the lok sabha polls.
naturally, ghosh's birthday message on banerjee completing 64 went viral on social media.
politicians read ghosh's comment as something more than political courtesy.
leader of opposition in the west bengal assembly and congress leader, abdul mannan, put it straight.
such a statement coming from none other than the bjp state president is by itself an admission that narendra modi is on his way out.
bjp is thus working on a plan b to find out another face from nitingadkari gadkari or rajnath singh with the support of bjp's b-team members, namely mamata banerjee, chandrababu naidu and k chandrasekhar rao, mannan said.
such speculation was also doing the rounds in business circles.
state bjp leaders fumbl-ed for a response to ghosh's message.
while a few tried to make light of the controversy, saying it was a birthday wish, others wondered why the fiery leader had to comm-ent on banerjee's prospects of becoming pm, and later substantiate it citing the instance of jyoti basu when battlelines have been drawn for the lok sabha elections.
dilip ghosh sent the message as a political courtesy because mamata banerjee is the seniormost politician in bengal after biman bose .
one should not read too much into the comment because bjp is opposed to trinamool's policies, said bjp's bengal general secretary sayantan basu.
this story is from december 18, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: often assaulted by alcoholic men in many families in east nagpur, eunuchs from the city are leading a movement demanding ban on liquor across the city.
on monday, a delegation of eunuchs under the leadership of uttam bawa submitted a memorandum to state excise minister chandrashekhar bawankule and demanded liquor ban in nagpur.
during bawankules janta darbar in lakadganj zone office of nagpur municipal corporation, bawa and others drew attention of the minister towards growing menace due to liquor consumption.
liquor consumption has increased domestic violence manifold, bawa said.
they also demanded identity proofs for the community and separate public toilets for them.
though bawankule preferred was mum on the demand, he asked the nmc to carry out survey of existing toilets.
like mangalwari and ashi nagar zones, bawankule received many complaints pertaining to lack of civic issues.
residents took the opportunity to raise health issues that have cropped up due to dumping of garbage in open plots.
to this, nmc officials informed the minister that as there are no records of ownerships, it could not initiate any action.
bawankule asked the civic body to seize such plots.
bawankule asked the nmcs water works department to conduct audit on ocw providing 158 tanker trips to a single apartment in the last three-and-a-half months.
the minister also directed the department to deepen public wells so that nmc could use water during crisis.
residents complained about scrap dealers creating garbage menace in many localities.
despite complaints to the nmcs zone office and sanitation department, nothing has been done to resolve the issue.
bawankule then directed the nmcs sanitation department to penalize scrap dealers for creating civic nuisance.
mayor nanda jichkar, mlas krishna khopde, dr milind mane, deputy mayor deepraj pardikar, standing committee chairman virendra kukreja, municipal commissioner abhijit bangar, lakadganj zone chairman deepak wadibhasme, water works committee chairman pintu zalke, health committee chairman manoj chafle and others were present.
gadkari to hold review meet on dec 19union minister nitingadkari gadkari has convened a review meeting of various ongoing development works in the nagpur municipal corporations headquarters on december 19.
the works which he will review included road construction under central road funds, construction of two flyovers by national highways authority of india, sports authority of indias centre, cement road constructions (phase-i, ii and iii), rejuvenations and beautification works of gandhi sagar, sakkardara, binaki and sonegaon lakes, present status of orange city street, redevelopment of markets, demolition of flyover in front of railway station and its redevelopment etc.
district guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mahametro md brijesh dixit, divisional commissioner sanjeev kumar, district collector ashwin mudgal, municipal commissioner abhijit bangar and other senior officials from central and south central railway will also remain present.
patna: union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on monday said the centre would consider the states proposal for a four-lane elevated road from anisabad to aiims-patna via phulwarisharif.
gadkari also gave his ministrys nod to the state governments proposal for alignment of patna ring road.
as per the approved alignment, the outer ring road will be constructed on the existing alignment of state highway-78 (bihta-sarmera road) from kanhauli to daniyawan.
from daniyawan, the outer ring road will go to fatuha and cross hajipur district via the under construction kachchi dargah-bidupur six-lane road bridge over the ganga.
the meeting was aimed at expediting various schemes of nhai and morth in bihar.
we have agreed to construct a four-lane expressway between buxar and varanasi, while work is already underway on a four-lane project between patna and buxar.
the ring road project is part of the special package of rs 1.
25 lakh crore announced for bihar by pm narendra modi in the run up to 2015 assembly elections in the sttae.
the package includes rs 1,500 crore for a 65km ring road.
this story is from january 5, 2019(representative image)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: beating its own record, nhai is set to start construction work on delhi-mumbai expressway in march, less than a year after the government announced to build the signal-free access-controlled corridor between the two metropolises.
nhai has received multiple bids for six stretches in haryana and rajasthan, totalling 173 km, which will be awarded by this month-end.
work on another 22 stretches will be awarded by mid february, officials said.
the land acquisition is at the last stage in haryana.
we will be in a position to start work any time between february 15 and march second week, said an official.
the highways authority fast-tracking the ambitious project to cut down travel time between the two cities to barely 12 and half hours from the present 25 hours gains importance considering that it took more than a decade to start work on eastern peripheral expressway (epe) in the ncr and delhi-meerut expressway (dme).
the projects were conceived in 2003-04 but work started in 2015-16.
this will be longest expressway in the country passing through five states.
nhai is acquiring about 12,000 hectares for the project and has engaged professionals to fast-track the process.
now there is a clear line of action.
we have fast-tracked the land acquisition process and since the expressway mostly passes through uninhabited areas, getting land is easy.
for each package we are getting at least four bidders and all of them are good performing contractors.
since the works are fully funded by government, construction can start soon, said a highway ministry official.
the project would be completed by march 2022.
while work on vadodara-mumbai stretch is already under way, nhai has divided the rest into 34 stretches so that work can start simultaneously.
the authority has followed the same model for construction as for epe and dme for faster completion.
in fact, delhi metro was the first agency to go for engaging multiple contractors for laying tracks, which was one of the reasons behind timely completion of work.
the expressway will have closed tolling system, which means people will have to pay for the exact km they travel and there will be no toll plaza on the main carriageway.
the toll booths will be at entry and exit points to calculate the distance travelled.
this story is from december 22, 2018athletics coach bhau kane being feted by nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: thirteen people from vidarbha, who devoted life for the betterment of the society, were felicitated with atal samman by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari at a function organized by amrutdhara at suresh bhat hall, reshimbagh, on thursday.
the awards were given to mark the birth anniversary of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee celebrated on december 25.
the awards were for those who followed vajpayees versatility, like impacting the world and inspiring generations with their works.
the lifetime achievement award was bestowed on senior rss ideologue and journalist mg vaidya.
people from varied fields like art, singing, education, sports and social work, besides others.
those who were honoured included violinist prabhakar dhakde, mubarak syed, sangeeta sawalakhe, bhau kane, anant wagh, suchita solanke, ganraj patil, madhav kotasthane, gopal thosar, haribhau lonkar and abhishek thaware.
those present were mayor nanda jichkar, guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule and social justice minister rajkumar badole.
i feel honoured to have felicitated some of them and wish them good health so that they could continue their work.
singer mugdha vaishampayan, music director and composer ajit parab and their team presented a song daravar atal bihari.
disha desai performed a dance on ganesh vandana.
vaishampayan sang geet nahi gaata hu while parab presented geet naya gaata hu, based on vajpayees poem.
this story is from january 5, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis announced doubling of the undergraduate seats from 50 to 100 in government dental college and hospital (gdch) in about two years.
this, he said, will help in increasing the postgraduate as well as doctoral seats.
the cm was speaking after unveiling the stone plaque for the super speciality building of the gdch.
he said these developments will continue to maintain the status and standing of the gdch in the region and will offer better treatment opportunities to the patients of vidarbha.
people have now become more aware about dental hygiene and see their dentists more often than ever, fadnavis said.
appreciating the gdchs journey in the last 50 years, fadnavis said the college had produced national and international-level doctors.
the college has all the state-of-the-art equipment and infrastructure required for modern dentistry, the cm said.
he, however, expressed concern over the fact that the city and region was emerging as oral cancer capital.
he said that gdch has done appreciable work in creating awareness about oral cancer, especially in nagpur and gadchiroli districts, through its outreach programmes.
earlier, states medical education secretary dr sanjay mukherjee, listing out the outstanding features of the building, said it will be completed in two years and will be a green building.
it will have state-of-the-art equipment like cad-cam for making and fixing artificial teeth.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari, nagpur guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, city mayor nandatai jichkar, joint director of dmer dr prakash wakode, mla north nagpur dr milind mane, viral kamdar, dr vivek pakhmode and gdch dean dr sindhu ganvir were also present on the occasion.
this story is from january 18, 2019picture for representational purpose only.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: in some hope for citys prestigious laxminarayan institute of technology (lit), the nagpur bench of bombay high court on thursday directed respondents to fill up its 17 teaching posts within two months.
a division bench comprising justice ravi deshpande and justice vinay joshi asked maharashtra government and nagpur university (nu) to complete all formalities like issuing advertisements and conducting interviews for filling up these posts in the stipulated period.
the hc was hearing a plea filed by lit alumnus prasanna sohale, through counsel rohit joshi, who contended that the once famous institute is now slowly losing its repute due to lack of basic facilities and the ever growing vacancies.
this has caused a decline in the quality of education being imparted to the 680 students there.
on august 29, the hc had directed the nu and the state government to start recruitment at lit.
following this, the nu had written to the state seeking permission to appoint 30 teachers against a sanctioned intake of 62.
thereafter, the government sanctioned 17 teaching posts, despite a ban on recruitment.
a similar pil has been filed regarding nus ambedkar college of law, which is also facing massive vacancies of teaching staff.
earlier, the court was informed that the government had cleared roster for these 17 posts on january 7 and would clear further processes as early as possible.
the filling up of these posts would enable nu to receive deemed university status for lit, as suggested by union minister nitingadkari gadkari however, a senior nu official told toi that it was impossible to fill up all the posts within such short period.
he said although the 17 posts are enough for helping the institute acquire a good national board of accreditation (nba) rating, that is not the sole purpose of having teachers.
this story is from january 5, 2019the family of ajay rai who was killed in the explosion while trying to help others escape.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: he had started off the new year with the job of painting fans, but little did he know that he wouldnt be able to leave for his trip to vaishno devi on saturday.
ajay rai (19) had decided to work overtime to compensate for his absence from work.
he was found dead on the staircase of the factory with his body partially burnt after the explosion ripped through the walls.
his colleague, ashok kumar, recalled that rai was helping the others escape before the boiler exploded.
kumar escaped death by hiding under a wooden board on which the painted fans had been kept.
however, he got injured in his head and legs.
he was working at the factory for the past four years and had been burnt earlier too when the same boiler had started leaking.
rais father, budh bahadur, rues his sons decision to change his job.
he used to work at a factory in nihal vihar, which shifted to bawana after the sealing drive by the municipal corporation.
he left his job as he didnt want to travel the long distance, he said.
their family in nepal has been planning his wedding.
the factory workers said that the owner, ankit gupta, was also present there along with his friend nitin.
gupta suffered severe injuries on the lower part of his body and is in a serious condition.
the families of the 15 victims are now hoping for compensation from the government.
most of the migrant labourers were the sole earning members of their families.
these families are not in a position to seek compensation since none of them had any formal employment document.
mahender, whose nephews gangesh and sanjay were working at the factory, broke down upon seeing the photographs of sanjays body at the police station.
he came to delhi two months ago and took up this job.
gangesh will not be able to do exert himself physically anymore as he has hurt his spine.
their father had really high hopes from them, he said.
rakesh kumar, who had come to delhi from sultanpur following the footsteps of his uncles mange and rampal, took up a job at a scrap dealers shop next to the ill-fated factory.
the explosion threw up chunks of concrete in the air and it landed on my uncles killing them.
i am now left to fend for myself, he said while lying in the observation ward of acharya bhikshu hospital.
rakesh was buried waist-deep into debris before being rescued by locals.
he has to undergo surgery before he can think of returning to work.
this story is from january 29, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: the site where a wall was demolished last week to connect dwarka expressway with nh-8, witnessed high drama on monday.
at 4pm, s raghuraman, ceo of the nh-8 concessionaire mcepl reached the site along with a dozen police officers to erect a steel barrier where the wall once stood, claiming he was following orders of the delhi high court.
they were met by residents , who surrounded the mcepl ceo and demanded to see the court orders.
after a protracted argument that lasted an hour, the mcepl ceo walked away in a huff.
it followed the urgent petition mcepl had filed on friday in their ongoing case with nhai.
their contention was that the connection allowed commuters to bypass the toll, causing losses in tax collection.
earlier in the day, raghuraman had written a letter to kherki daula police station, informing them that they will be put up barricades to close down the route.
when the mcepl ceo reached the spot, he had got six steel barriers ready to be installed.
raghuraman said, by connecting the two expressways, hsvp has breached the agreement between nhai and mcepl.
an mcepl official added, well need 30 steel barriers to cover the breach.
currently, we have six ready.
another 24 will be ready by monday night.
a van-load of jersey barriers was also there, ready to be placed.
for commuters, the joy of not having to pay toll tax was shortlived.
avnish dahiya, resident sector 84, said: residents in new sectors were happy they didnt have to pay toll.
but it now looks like well again have to wait in long queues.
they also complained they will need more time to reach new sectors now.
vikash pandey, resident, sector 81, said: i was saving 20 minutes every day by taking the new road, once the wall was demolished.
now that it has been closed again, my travel time will increase, as will the frequency of fights at the plaza over paying toll, time to cross it and pollution.
some residents fumed at the fact that the court had ignored the pain of thousands of residents.
lokesh yadav, resident of sector 83 , said: it appears that in gurgaon, the kherki daula toll operator has more influence than the chief minister himself.
both the union minister nitingadkari gadkari and cm manohar lal khattar have been rendered helpless.
the wall should not get rebuilt at any cost, else residents will lose faith in the ruling party.
dont force us to come out on the road in protest.
another resident said that when chief minister haryana had ordered the demolition of the wall, can anyone else re-built it?
if the wall is made, public will be forced to take the law in their own hands, said pradip rahi, resident of sector 83.
this story is from november 30, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendra fadnavis uses almost every platform to tom-tom nagpur metro project but shockingly his government is not paying its share for it.
the state share has fallen short by rs328 crore.
however, mahametro has rs357 crore surplus funds at the moment.
according to a source in mahametro, state and central government have equal share in the project (20 ).
centre has paid us rs1,024 crore so far while we have received only rs696 crore from maharashtra government.
in general states budgetary allocation is always less than central government.
this year the state had allocated only rs175 crore for the project, he said.
meanwhile, mahametro has appealed to state government to give more money to it.
we have demanded that land worth rs644 crore should be given to us at nominal rates instead at ready reckoner price.
this is because price of private land is more than that envisaged in the detailed project report (dpr).
we have also asked the state to pay the share of nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) and nagpur improvement trust (nit) as the two local bodies are not releasing any money, said the source.
the cost of nagpur metro is rs8,680 crore.
mahametro has spent rs4,797 crore on it including land cost.
thus 55  funds have been spent.
the figure is rs3,873 crore if land cost is excluded.
mahametro has so far received rs4,230 crore from various agencies.
this includes rs1,926 crore from german agency kfw, rs517 crore from agence francaise de developpement (afd), rs1,024 crore from central government, rs696 crore from state and rs67 crore from nit.
as it has spent rs3,873 crore so far it has rs357 crore in its bank account.
fadnavis and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari have resigned themselves to the fact that nmc will not pay its cash share of rs70 crore to mahametro.
however, the terms and conditions of nmc for these lands  at cotton market for instance  are such that they are unacceptable to metro officials.
there seems to be lack of coordination between gadkari and nmc office-bearers.
this story is from january 7, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the reopening of the narrow old airport road for vehicles has turned into a nightmare for morning walkers.
a senior citizen taking a walk has died while some walkers sustained serious injuries in multiple accidents.
this has forced maharashtra airport development corporation (madc) to ban vehicles on the road until 8am.
however, the restrictions have defeated the main purpose of reopening old airport road, which was to connect khamla to the airport.
madc in association with mahametro had reopened the road six months ago.
the road had been closed for vehicles for decades, citing security reasons.
the road was reopened as an alternative for traffic on wardha road since mahametro was implementing regular blocks on it, especially during night hours.
also, the road was supposed to be a relief for vvips and air passengers going to and coming from the airport.
mahametro and madc have spent a good amount to reopen the road.
after reopening, madc used to close the road for all users between 11pm and 6am citing security reasons.
due to regular road accidents, now vehicles are restricted up to 8am.
also, boards highlighting speed restriction of 20km per hour were also erected on the road.
hundreds of people from khamla, jaiprakash nagar, sahakar nagar, sonegaon and adjoining areas have used the road to walk in the morning and evening for decades.
the road between the gate towards sahakar nagar and nagpur flying club is around 4 meter wide.
people walk on both sides of the stretch.
so, vehicles moving on this stretch during the morning hours is causing a threat for morning walkers.
corporator prakash bhoyar told toi he is among 10 persons who have sustained minor injuries while walking on the road.
senior citizen chinchghare, a resident of jaiprakash nagar was hit by a four-wheeler while walking on the road.
he succumbed to injuries in the hospital.
some 20 days ago, sanjay sawant, resident of sonegaon, was hit by a four-wheeler and sustained serious injuries.
vehicles speed a lot of this road.
we met airport officials and demanded restriction of vehicles up to 10am, he said.
bhoyar added union minister nitingadkari gadkari assured to approve funds for construction of a special track for morning walkers along old airport road.
officials of airport and madc had cited paucity of funds for widening the road, or building a special track, for morning walkers, he said.
this story is from january 11, 2019union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: a meeting was held between union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar in delhi late on thursday evening at the formers residence to discuss various road projects in the state.
apart from the cm, gurugram mlas rao narbir, tejpal tanwar, gmda ceo uma shankar, huda chief administrator d suresh were present in the meeting, which spanned over two hours.
while the dwarka expressway was discussed at the meeting, the proposed road bisecting the aravali biodiversity park, which was in news recently, was not discussed, narbir said.
residents of new sectors along the dwarka expressway started a hunger strike on thursday, demanding that the toll at kherki daula be removed and expressway work expedited.
the kherki daula toll issue was discussed too but no concrete decision regarding when it will be shifted was taken.
it was a scheduled meeting which stretched up to over two hours.
this meeting was held to discuss road projects across the state, including dwarka expressway.
the minister wanted us to speed up all on going road projects and bring to his knowledge if there are any hurdles which might hinder the progress of work.
as far as dwarka expressway is concerned, work has already started and there are around 10 electricity poles which had to be removed.
this will be done in the next couple of days, narbir told toi.
this story is from november 3, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the mahametro has planned to demolish approaches at both ends of the flyover in front of the nagpur railway station and commence works for the rs234.
21 crore railway station premises development project in november last week.
part of the state governments nazul land, under possession of maharashtra state road transport corporation (msrtc) and erstwhile madhya pradesh state road transport corporation (mpsrtc), will be handed over to central railway for stations expansion.
in lieu, the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) will get land for development of 24-metre wide new road connecting wanjari nagar overhead water tank with ajni railway station railway overbridge (rob).
city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari has reportedly approved the three proposals in the meeting held on saturday.
mayor nanda jichkar, ruling party leader sandip joshi, standing committee chairman virendra kukreja, collector and nit chairman ashwin mudgal, officiating municipal commissioner ravindra thakre, mahametro director mahesh kumar and other officials were present.
sources from the nmc and mahametro told toi that flyovers main part and shops beneath it will be demolished after construction of a mall on the part of msrtc and mpsrtc land for rehabilitating the shopkeepers on permanent basis.
rehabilitation will take time, therefore, decision was taken to demolish flyovers approaches from manas square and jaistambh square.
it will create huge space where the mahametro will develop a six-lane road, the sources said.
the sources added that the decision to demolish only approaches was taken also due to complaints of devotees and office-bearers of tekdi ganesh mandir who were finding it difficult to climb the flyover and take u-turn for reaching the temple.
also, there is no parking space for temple due to the flyover.
another reason, sources said, was to avoid any changes in plan for demolition of flyover and shops under it.
gadkari reportedly directed mudgal to cancel the lease of msrtc and mpsrtc and hand over the land for the project and railway stations expansion.
mpsrtc ceased to exist over a decade.
also, msrtc is not operating any buses from the land.
therefore, lease will be cancelled soon, the sources said.
the sources also said that central railway (cr) has accepted to give permission and space for widening of loha pul railway under bridge.
cr has also accepted to hand over land for development of new road between wanjari nagar overhead water tank and ajni railway station rob.
in lieu, cr wants land adjacent to railway station for its expansion, the sources said.
sources said gadkari also given directives to revise futala lake redevelopment project being planned by the mahametro.
earlier, viewers gallery was to come right above tunnel road.
now, it will come towards lake and tunnel road behind it with space for restaurants and parking.
only gallerys rear portion will be above the tunnel, the sources said.
this story is from december 24, 2018union minister nitingadkari gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: union minister for road transport & highways, shipping and water resources, nitingadkari gadkari reached out to tamil nadu mps, from both aiadmk and dmk, through a letter and urged them to withdraw the protest in the parliament over the mekedatu dam issue.
the union minister said in his letter that the dam will not be constructed till the consensus of the lower riparian states, including tamil nadu, is obtained.
citing the ongoing protest of the mps, representing the ruling and opposition parties in tamil nadu, in the parliament over the mekedatu issue since the start of the session, gadkari urged them to withdraw the protest and also invited the floor leaders and mps from both the parties for a discussion on the issue.
he wrote the letter to end the impasse and ensure smooth conduct of the session, said a reliable source in bjp dmk raj sabha mp kanimozhi said that her party was ready for a discussion over the issue.
however, she said that the ministry had given the nod for the detailed project report for the project without taking the cauvery water dispute tribunal (cwdt) into account.
we will discuss the issue on thursday in the parliament, she said.
however, aiadmk floor leader p venugopal said he was unaware of the union ministers letter.
deputy speaker of lok sabha and aiadmk mp m thambidurai could not be reached for comment.
gadkari, in the letter, stated that the union government was fully conscious of the interest of the farmers of the cauvery delta and it will not permit any action to be taken which will go against their interests.
the karnataka governments feasibility report on mekedatu balancing reservoir-cum-drinking water project is subjected to cwc on august 8, seeking in-principle clearance for preparing a dpr, the minister said in the letter.
the objective of the scheme, as per the karnataka government, was to implement the cwdt as modified by the supreme court in its judgement on february 2, with incidental benefits of meeting drinking water requirements of 4.
75tmc and hydropower generating component of installed capacity of 400 mw, the minister further said.
no irrigation component has been proposed in the project, he said and added that the screening committee of cwc accorded conditional clearance for preparation of dpr for the project and it no way conveys the clearance for construction of the project.
it should be done amicably with consultation with co-basin states of cauvery basin, including tamil nadu.
this story is from november 1, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: the design for the two iconic viewing towers to come up atop the new zuari bridge has been submitted to the union ministry for road transport and highways for approval.
the towers are expected to be 125m each and height.
it has been designed by the parisian firm ingerop.
the brief, which was given by the ministry, had said that the tower design should be like no other existing tower in the world.
union minister for road transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari, had said that these twin towers should rival the eiffel tower in paris in fame.
the tower height, which was originally expected to be around 110m, has also been raised, according to sources.
the tower design by ingerop is being finetuned by dewai chen of shanghai tonggang bridge technology co ltd.the cost of construction of these two towers atop the new zuari bridge will only be known once the union ministry approves the design.
dilip buildcon ltd, which is constructing the new eight-lane zuari bridge, will also be taking up work on the towers.
sources said that the towers will have two floors each.
the tower will have observatories  la the burj khalifa in dubai, with high-end telescopes to view the goan landscape.
the viewing area is expected to be made of glass for seamless observation experience.
this international tourism project is expected to charge visitors a fee to enter and is likely to open to the public by late 2020.
a cafe and washrooms will also be provided on each of the two floors of the twin towers.
a large parking area will be created on the banks of river zuari, below the existing bridge, on the agasaim end.
dilip buildcons temporary offices are presently located on this land.
visitors will be able to walk from this parking area towards the base of the towers, where high-speed elevators will take 10 to 20 persons to the upper floors at a time.
this story is from january 29, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: national highways authority of india (nhai), building the pardi flyover and tunnel project, has planned a modern market on sprawling four hectares in the same area to rehabilitate vegetable and other vendors who now do business on the road.
the rs 100 crore project will be a big relief for hundreds of citizens of east nagpur and also ease traffic on the national highway.
for decades, vendors of vegetable, meat, groceries, etc have been doing business on both sides of the national highway from pardi village to gomti hotel square.
some part of the market runs on a road going towards pardi crematorium.
over 2km stretch of the national highway witnesses congestion every day.
congestion is very high in evening hours.
also, the stretch has become prone to accidents.
city mp and union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari has approved rs 15 crore for construction of the market in rs 665 crore pardi flyover project.
nhai will develop the project and hand it over to nmc.
of total four hectares, two hectare land was in possession of forest department was transferred to the nhai.
remaining two hectares is owned by private parties.
nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has started the process to acquire the remaining land.
land is reserved for park, market and road.
nmc town planning department has tabled a proposal before the general body for acquiring land at the cost of rs 81.
58 crore.
after general bodys approval, nmc will seek funds from the state government.
east nagpur mla krishna khopde said government will approve funds for acquiring the land.
market is very important for east nagpur.
vendors will move into the market as shops and facilities will be provided free of cost.
people of these areas will get state-of-the-art market, he said.
nhai has proposed to construct g+4 floor building.
around 400 shops will be constructed in this building for vegetable and meat shops.
there will be big parking for cars and two-wheelers.
an area will be developed for parking of trucks.
nhai has also proposed to develop a garden in one part.
it is the first-of-its-kind project for the nhai.
it usually executes works of national highways.
tirupur: tirupur aiadmk mp v sathyabama submitted a petition to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on friday seeking to build road over bridges (robs) at major junctions on the nh544 running through salem-kochi-kanyakumari stretch.
in her petition, sathyabama said the stretch has witnessed more than 300 fatal accidents in the past three years.
the nh 544 connects important cities including salem, coimbatore, thrissur and kochi apart from other commercial cities in western districts of tamil nadu the nh, one of the lifelines of the region, runs for 43km in tirupur constituency.
there are 22 major and 15 minor junctions connecting the adjacent villages in the constituency, said sathyabama.
many public transportation buses, private buses and other vehicles pass through the road.
despite a heavy traffic, out of 22 major junctions, only 8 were provided with the road over bridges in the stretch.
in the past four years, 300 fatal accidents had occurred in the stretch.
the absence of the road over bridges in major junctions could also be a reason for the fatal accidents, she said.
the stretch has witnessed many fatal accidents on the junctions.
sometimes the death toll would be more than two, said a police officer.
there was a need to intervene to save the lives of poor agriculturists living in the nearby villages.
road over bridges should be constructed on four junctions - perundurai-kanjikovil-kavindhapadi, perundurai-thudupathy-makkinamkombai, kolathupalayam-vijayamangalam andperundurai-pethampalayam-kanjikovil  on priority basis as more accidents take place in these junctions, sathyabama said in her petition.
bengaluru: the government on wednesday said work on the much-delayed, eight-laning of bengaluru-mysuru highway will commence in january.
public works minister hc mahadevappa said union minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari had responded positively to the states request to expedite work.
the centre has given in-principle approval and assured speedy disbursal of funds, particularly the cost of land acquisition.
the project, which seeks to reduce travel time between the two cties to 90 minutes from the current 180, had hit a roadblock as not many contractors showed interest in it.
mahadevappa said: nearly 60 per cent of the land has been acquired and the union cabinet will formally clear the project to be executed on a hybrid annuity basis in a few days.
the work will be done in two phases  bengaluru-nidaghatta (56.
2km) and nidaghatta-mysuru (64.
14km).
also, rs 1,980 crore has been set aside for the first phase while the second phases requires rs 2,169 crore.
it would be 50:50 cost-sharing formula between centre and state.
this story is from december 15, 2018supreme courtdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday hailed the supreme court verdict on the rafale deal and said it proved that allegations levelled by opposition parties had no substance.
he noted that the apex court found nothing wrong in the fighter aircraft purchase deal with french company dassault.
the minister said he received a call from anil ambani who is building the reliance aeropark in mihan and has already started a unit for making parts for the rafale plane.
the supreme court verdict has come as a relief as a hurdle has been crossed.
gadkari hoped this would pave way for generating more jobs for youth of the city and region.
the union minister said the deal signed between and india and french governments was very crucial as our armed forces were in urgent need of new generation fighter jets.
the process for purchase of the jets was initiated by the previous government and all necessary clearances were obtained.
important matters of national security should not be politicized.
repeating the false allegations ad nauseam has caused immense damage to indias image globally.
it also created confusion in public mind and riding on the falsehood the congress tried to gain political mileage in recent elections in five states, he said.
this story is from november 17, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the state government is all set to increase goods and services tax (gst) grant of municipal corporations.
the cash-strapped nagpur municipal corporations (nmc) gst grant is likely to be increased from rs52.
57 crore per month (rs630.
84 crore/annum) to over rs90 crore per month (rs1,080 crore per annum).
governor ch vidyasagar rao issued a gazette notification on november 6 through which the norms to calculate gst grant of municipal corporations has been changed.
since implementation of gst in july 2017, the grant was calculated taking into consideration the revenue of the municipal corporations during local body tax (lbt).
the financial crisis of the civic bodies reportedly deteriorated as gst grant was being calculated less than demand and lower than the revenue during octroi.
the nmcs demand was to grant rs88.
63 crore per month (rs1,063.
56 crore per annum).
but the civic body got only rs42.
44 crore per month (rs509.
28 crore per annum).
the grant was increased to rs60.
28 crore per month in august 2017 but was reduced to rs51.
36 crore per month in september 2017.
it was again increased to rs52.
57 crore per month in april this year.
citing nmcs deteriorating financial crisis, city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari, along with some nmc office-bearers, had time and again requested cm devendra fadnavis to calculate the gst grant as per revenue during octroi and increase it by 17  every year.
gadkari had even raised the demand in his speeches at public meetings where cm was present.
as per the notification, now the government will calculate the gst grant as per the claims of the nmc subject to its satisfaction.
this will help cm to decide what amount of gst grant should be given to 18 municipal corporations.
the states urban development department under the cm will now issue a new notification announcing new figure of gst grant soon.
nmc official told toi the civic body should be given gst grant of rs98 crore per month (rs1,176 crore per annum).
grant of rs88.
63 crore per month (rs1,063.
56 crore per annum) was calculated in the last fiscal.
after adding a rise of 17 , our gst grant applicability will increase to rs98 crore per month (rs1,176 crore per annum), he said.
this story is from december 12, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: dont be surprised if nagpur universitys 106th convocation ceremony is over in just a couple of hours against the normal timing of three to four hours.
nus decision to significantly reduce its gold and silver medals by as many as 174, following steep increase in their prices over the years, would make it possible.
toi had first reported about nus decision to trim the number of medals on december 3 last year.
in its 105th convocation, nu conferred 457 prizes that included 312 gold and 43 silver medals.
weve retained 189 medals from the old list, while over 170 are discontinued as their donors refused to increase their deposits as per the prevailing rates of both medals in the market, pro-vc pramod yeole told toi.
he said that only two donors came forward to institute two new medals (a gold and silver each), after nu made it mandatory for them to donate a minimum of rs3 lakh for the purpose.
the 106th convocation will be held at vasantrao deshpande hall on january 19 where indian institute of management (iim) director errol dsouza would be the chief guest.
union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will be the guest of honour.
even the number of phds would be much less than the last few convocations.
deshpande hall with a capacity of 1,000 will be sufficient for our ceremonies now.
we couldnt get suresh bhat auditorium this time as its booked on those dates, yeole said.
of the 174 medals which were not retained by nu were instituted in 1923 when the university came into existence.
those were started with a deposit of just rs100, which was quite a significant amount in those days, from the donorsover the years, the prices of both precious metals surged and the interest from donors amount deposited in bank was too meagre to even think of gold and silver medals.
according to nu officials, some of the medals were instituted by ngos and organizations, while many donors passed away and their legal heirs hadnt approached them till date.
the amounts of such unclaimed medals will be utilized for awarding new medals in subjects/branches where there was not a single medal instituted.
nu had returned deposits of many donors, who werent ready to pay more money as per the prevailing market rates.
since the last few years, nu had asked donors to shell out rs75,000 before increasing it to rs3 lakh this year.
however, those in names of freedom fighters or saints were retained by nu by adding rs5,000 more from its own accounts.
uddhav thackeraybjp-shiv sena governmentnarayan ranerajya sabhamaharashtra swabhiman pakshalok sabhaformer cm could be accommodated and settled in rajya sabha; proposal has been green-lighted by both fadnavis andthree months after he quit the congress in the hope of joining the, perennial party hoppermight have to make do with half a lolly.
instead of a berth in the state cabinet, rane might have to console himself with one of the sixseats from the state that will be vacated in april.
ranes son, congress mla nitesh will, too, not be part of the states council of ministers.
while the devendra-fadnavis-led bjp government has kept the rabblerousing, grassroots politician waiting for the last several months, it also realises that the 65-year-old could still come in handy against the shiv sena, especially in the konkan region that propelled him into politics in the early 1990s.
rane, who cut his teeth with the shiv sena and was famously expelled from the party, joined the congress in 2005.
he formed thein october last year.
well-placed sources told this newspaper that the fait accompli that will be presented to rane is the result of a new formula which has the approval of both sena president uddhav thackeray and fadnavis.
a legislator from ranes camp, in all likelihood wadala mla kalidas kolambkar, will bag a ministerial berth.
a senior bjp leader told mirror that raneji could be easily accommodated in delhi, while a top shiv sena functionary said that his party was not against any formula as long as rane was kept out of the state cabinet.
let them (bjp) do anything, send him (rane) to the rajya sabha or.
we have nothing to do with it, he said.
rane, leaders from both parties said, has not been intimated about the latest development.
the formula will be fine-tuned once fadnavis returns from the world economic forum in davos before being presented to him.
the new development will come as a harsh eye-opener to rane, as he expected to benefit from the perennial tussle between the bjp and shiv sena.
the 65-year-old, said political observers, had hoped to use his larger-than-life image in certain parts of the state to exploit differences within the bjp and carve a cosy corner for himself in the state government.
but his move, they said, had proved counter-productive.
for instance, according to bjp leaders, when he bypassed fadnavis and opened a dialogue with union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, he found himself being coldshouldered by bjp top brass.
but a senior bjp leader said that he would have to be accommodated and settled.
elections are round the corner.
the kind of treatment we have given rane has sent the wrong signals to those who were considering joining the bjp, he said.
in october last year, uddhavs personal assistant milind narvekar had delivered a stern message to the bjp stating that if rane was inducted (into the cabinet), the sena would exit the government.
thackeray had reportedly told fadnavis that he must think hard before rewarding a man who has given so much trouble to balasaheb and hurt him so much.
rane has given fadnavis over half-a-dozen deadlines to induct him into the state cabinet since then, but it has not had the desired effect.
rane is expected to oppose the proposal, but in the event that it does go through, kolambkar will quit the assembly and fight a by-election from wadala.
in that case, both the sena and bjp will not field candidates against kolambkar.
fadnavis himself doesnt seem keen on inducting rane into the cabinet.
given the good rapport fadnavis shares with uddhav, ranes rajya sabha formula seems workable.
this will ensure stability of the government, a political observer said.
rane told mumbai mirror yesterday that he was not aware of any rajya sabha formula.
i have not been told anything, he said.
new delhi: four days after a harley davidson motorcycle and a car were found in a heavily-damaged condition on dnd flyway, police have decided to reconstruct a possible accident and fall into the yamuna using a dummy to probe the mysterious disappearance of the biker.
police are yet to recover the bikers body.
a police team is also working on the possibility about the incident being staged.
the swamp areas along dnd flyway are being scanned for clues.
cops had been trying to get in touch with relatives of the bike owner, anshuman puri , to track his location before the accident.
puris cousin, who stays in leh, arrived in delhi after reading about the incident in newspapers and has contacted the cops.
the family members of the driver of the etios liva car, nishant, said that even he is missing .
cops claim he is a relative of the car owner, bhappe singh .
a police team had gone to nishants house in dwarka on tuesday but found it locked.
cops have contacted singh, who resides in canada, to find his relatives whereabouts.
nishants father, vinod, has indicated towards the possibility of foul play into his sons disappearance.
we are still looking for both the car driver and biker and have enhanced the areas of probe.
several other aspects are also being investigated, said dcp (southeast) chinmoy biswal.
police are also probing whether someone picked up the injured biker and dumped him elsewhere.
puris friends said that on the day of the incident one of them had tried calling him.
his phone rang a few times, but soon went out of network coverage area.
they said some of his activities were mysterious ever since his mother passed away in november 2014.
he never told us that he had bought a bike and didnt bring it during our jam sessions.
in 1995, i used to be ardent biker.
he added that puri was a guitarist and was making a living from a studio set up at his house.
mumbai: a key reform measure  the insolvency and bankruptcy code ( ibc )  was the trigger for the rbis february 12 circular, which turned out to be an inflection point in the relationship between the government and the central bank.
on february 12, the rbi did away with all restructuring scheme, which effectively gave borrowers more time to repay.
the central banks rationale was that now there was a new law that enables banks to recover money and there was no need to kick the can further down the road.
this put the government  the owner of public sector unit (psu) banks  in a spot as psu banks now needed more capital then envisaged.
loans had to be classified as defaults before being referred under the ibc and bad loans did soar as delayed repayments were not condoned.
while the centre did not attack the february 12 circular directly, it used the nirav modi scam, which broke soon after, to criticise the central bank.
patel, in a speech at gandhinagar in march 2018, hit out at the government stating that success has many fathers, failures none.
hence, there has been the usual blame game, passing the buck, and a tonne of honking.
he then listed out seven legislative provisions that ensured that the rbi did not have much of a say in psu banks.
while the february 12 circular was a reform measure aimed at cleaning bad loans, its timing turned out to be disastrous.
banks were hit by a triple whammy: bond losses due to rising rates, over rs 20,000-crore provision for nirav modi/gitanjali accounts and additional provisions for non-performing assets (npas).
overall psu bank losses crossed rs 60,000 crore.
many in the finance ministry were upset as the high npas triggered the imposition of prompt corrective action (pca) on half the public sector banks and scuppered all plans of boosting growth through increased lending.
ministry officials compared the rbi action on psu banks of forcing a patient to run a marathon when he was not fully out of the icu.
what spoiled relations further was patels refusal to engage with ministry officials or even other ministers.
other ministers are known to have complained after filing to to get an audience with the governor.
it was ultimately the differences over npa classification that led the government to the path of section 7 of the rbi act, which empowers the government to give directions to the central bank.
when the power producers challenged the rbis circular in the allahabad high court, the government which was a party said that it did not have any objection.
it was at this point that the court observed that the government could consider giving directions to the rbi on the issue.
while the government did use the section 7 threat, it was on a host of issues and not just non-performing assets.
this story is from october 30, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has assured that the toll plaza at mansar would be shifted towards khawasa.
it will be shifted beyond nagpur metropolitan region development authority (nmrda) limits.
guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule had met gadkari with road problems of the district in delhi.
currently, people travelling from nagpur to ramtek have to pay toll.
if the plaza is shifted beyond mansar they will not have shell out money.
this has been a major demand of people of ramtek since years.
gadkari also agreed to shift the patansaogi toll plaza towards betul.
gadkari directed officials of national highways authority of india (nhai) to construct highways till the town centre instead of municipal limits.
till now roads within municipal limits are constructed by municipal councils, which are always short of funds.
this decision will benefit towns like saoner, mouda, etc.
lot of accidents take place near koradi mahalaxmi temple.
ways to prevent them were discussed in the meeting.
gadkari promised to sanction amount for remedial measures.
he also directed nhai officials to determine the accident prone spots on nagpur-chhindwada highway and constructed flyovers there.
new delhi: crime branch has filed the chargesheet in the case of the five-year-old boy who was kidnapped from outside his school in shahdara a day before republic day this year.
the prime accused, nitingadkari , had abducted the child to revive his business.
the chargesheet was filed before chief metropolitan magistrate ajay garg at karkardooma courts earlier this month.
the accused were booked for kidnapping, attempt to murder, theft, wrongful restraint and under provisions of arms act.
the boy was rescued after a shootout at an apartment in ghaziabad where one of the kidnappers, ravi, was shot dead.
two others, pankaj and anshul malhotra, were arrested.
nitin was arrested from seemapuri on february 5 when he was returning from a marriage party.
police were keeping a tab on his movements and had even entered the wedding venue posing as guests.
nitin had connived with the others to carry out the kidnapping after he found that the childs father had received a large sum of money from a debtor.
he used to procure raw materials for his eatery from the shop owned by the childs father.
he had demanded a ransom of rs 60 lakh, said the chargesheet.
probe also revealed that nitingadkari used to make the ransom calls in a womans voice to hoodwink police.
malhotra had procured the arms used for kidnapping the child from a supplier in up.
pankaj and ravi had abducted the boy from his school bus after shooting the driver, naresh thapa.
the 43-page chargesheet has listed 81 witnesses and cited that stolen mobile phones were used by the accused to make the ransom calls and send a whatsapp video of the boy saying i love you to his father.
cctv footage showing the men fleeing with the child have been put up as evidence.
nitins voice sample was also sent for analysis.
the operation to rescue the child was called c-river as the accused had demanded that the ransom money be delivered at cross river mall.
this story is from january 19, 2019prime minister narendra modi speaks during the vibrant gujarat global summit in gandhinagar on friday.
union ministers gave vggs a missdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gandhinagar: making an impassioned pitch for india as the ultimate investment destination, prime minister narendra modi on friday reached out to the international business community and said this country is the only place which offers democracy, demography and demand.
we have set up dedicated ways to help investors on a one to one basis.
above all i assure you that i will be always available to hold your hands in your journey,inaugurating the ninth edition of vibrant gujarat global investors summit, which saw investment promises of over rs 6 lakh crore on its first day, modi described how the drastic steps and structural reforms in the last four years have transformed the way business is being carried out in india.
for those who are not present in india, this is the best time to be here.
india is now ready for business as never before.
we have made doing business easier, smarter, cheaper and faster, modi told a huge gathering of national and international delegates from over 100 countries at the mahatma mandir in gandhinagar modi, who faces the crucial test of his development plank in the lok sabha polls after few months, acknowledged it is a challenge to ensure that the benefits of development reaches the needy in an easy and efficient manner.
modis critics led by opposition congress have repeatedly slammed him for promoting a culture of crony capitalism.
several union ministers gave vggs a miss, setting off chatters among several quarters.
union shipping and road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, his junior minister mansukh mandaviya, defence minister nirmala sitharaman were conspicuous by their absence even as they were scheduled to address seminars.
in india, as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
horizontally, we have to spread the benefits of development to regions and communities that have lagged behind.
vertically, we have to meet enhanced expectations in terms of quality of life, services and infrastructure, the pm said.
at 7.
3 , the average gdp growth, over the entire term of our government has been the highest of any indian government since 1991.
at the same time, the rate of inflation at 4.
6   is the lowest for any government since 1991, when india began its process of liberalization, he said.
modi said the focus on building new institutions, processes and procedures is important not only for doing business but also to ease the life of people.
as a slew of corporate honchos hailed his leadership, modi said his government would continue its reforms and deregulation.
even as he strongly harped on the global recognition by world bank and other international agencies like moodys, modi said he was still not satisfied with the ranking in ease of doing business improving from 144 to 77 and that the government is working to cement indias place among top 15 by next year.
private and government firms committed investment intentions of nearly rs six lakh crore on the first day of vibrant gujarat global investors summit 2019.
the investment commitments were made across sectors that include energy, ports, renewable energy, steel, defence and aerospace etc.
reliance industries ltd chairman mukesh ambani announced that the group will invest rs three lakh crore in the state over the next 10 years.
lucknow: a senior citizen was found killed in her house in indiranagar on wednesday.
the victim, krishna varshney (65), was alone in her sector 11, indiranagar residence.
the incident came to light when the victim's maid found her lying dead around 6.
30pm.
krishna lived with her son nitingadkari , his wife geeta and their children.
geeta and the children were out of town while nitingadkari was in office.
the maid, neha, had come with her mother rani to work but krishna did not answer the door.
on finding it open, they entered the house and saw krishna lying in a pool of blood.
the house had been ransacked.
rani informed nitingadkari who informed police.
several senior officers, dog squad and forensic experts, reached the spot.
sho ghazipur , sujeet kumar rai said it was a case of robbery.
neha told police that two men had come to the house posing as water purifier mechanics around 10am but krishna had turned them away.
two men were seen running away in cctv footage, said police sources.
representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has planned to strengthen and redevelop gandhisagar lake at a cost of rs31.
15 crore.
this is the second project for conservation of the water body in the city.
nmc projects department has prepared a plan and tabled it before the standing committee for approval.
the committee will consider the project in the meeting to be held on thursday.
tendering process for execution of the project will be initiated after the committees nod.
the state government has already given in-principle approval to bear rs12 crore of the project cost the remaining rs19.
15 crore will be borne by the civic body.
under the project, the nmc will strengthen embankment and retaining walls around the lake.
other types of civil works to beautify the lake will also be undertaken.
on march 15, 2010, the states environment department had approved rs1.
78 crore funds for rejuvenation of the lake.
under the project, the nmc had constructed idol immersion tank, public toilets etc.
the nmc had sought rs3 crore more from the environment department for executing works to clean the water, increase dissolved oxygen level in water, rainwater harvesting works etc.
gandhisagar lake is the second after sonegaon lake where rejuvenation and beautification works have been taken up.
another proposal before the standing committee is to approve construction of balasaheb thackeray memorial educational, sports and cultural centre at a cost of rs17.
09 crore.
the project was proposed after demise of thackeray and now set to materialize.
one more proposal is to appoint city-based anjanikrupa logistics for repairing potholes on roads through road jetpatcher machine.
works to the tune of rs4.
99 crore will be carried out through the company.
the committee will also take decision on a proposal to appoint meerut-based khalsa exporters for installation of green gyms costing rs3 crore in various parts of the city.
on the request of city mp and union minister nitingadkari gadkari , tvs motors has approved rs3 crore for the works under csr (corporate social responsibility).
this story is from january 20, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
virendra kukreja is the standing committee chairman in the nagpur municipal corporation.
he is a first-time corporator yet was given the top post by the bjp.
he was president of the sindhi bharatiya sindhu sabhas state unit but resigned after becoming the standing committee chairman.
a builder, kukreja is also the founder secretary of samruddhi sarvajnik charitable trust that runs the jhulelal institute of technology.
toi spoke to him on the problems faced by sindhis who came here after partition, the recent help provided by the government and what next.
excerpts from an interview .
.
.
q.
what problems has the sindhi community faced since partition?
a.
nothing but injustice.
after partition, we shifted here on the assurances given by mahatma gandhi.
we were told to leave behind all properties.
many settled in rajasthan and other states.
around 30 lakh people are in maharashtra of which 5 lakh are in vidarbha, including around 60,000 in the city.
we were given abandoned servant colonies and horse yards to stay.
we were not given ownership of the land due to which we did not get loans, government facilities, documents for official purposes etc.
there were no basic amenities in our colonies for decades.
we were supposed to get ownership of land free of cost as against whatever we had left behind in pakistan.
but we were asked to pay ready reckoner value of lands for ownership.
only few of us got lease of land paying ready reckoner value between 1994 and 99 that too in an improper manner.
q.
what is the current situation?
a.
people are now well settled.
members started with small businesses, got into trading and even found self-employment between 1970 and 2005.
after solving problems of bread and butter, people started the fight for ownership of their lands.
cm devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari have started to distribute ownership titles for last few months.
now, the young generation is looking for jobs in government sectors and eyeing administrative services due to the continuous awareness spread about education in the community.
people are expanding in remaining sectors too.
q.
why are there so few in politics?
a.
sindhis are well connected with rss since many years.
in fact, rss supported the community a lot.
two members are given membership in the rss national body.
also, three of the ten founders of jan sangh were sindhis.
therefore, 90  from the community are connected with bjp.
for the last few years, people are taking interest in mainstream politics and joining political parties.
q.
what is the next challenge?
a.
the indus valley civilization of the community is the oldest in the world.
now, our plan is to revive our history.
i have proposed to develop the nations first sindhu art gallery in north nagpur that will showcase indus valley civilization.
we are doing continuous promotion of indus valley civilization among the community especially among the new generation.
awareness about the communitys culture, tradition and history is imparted in educational institutions set up by our members.
q.
any new projects?
a.
we are taking efforts to revive our lost folk dance  cheja.
we plan to distribute materials require to perform this dance.
we have organized nations first chej mahotsav in city at mankapur stadium on february 9 and 10.
people from across the nation will participate in it.
we also planned a youth summit the dates for which will be declared soon.
we are trying to showcase chej at whatever platforms we are getting.
there are few more such projects in the pipeline and will be revealed soon.
this story is from november 27, 2018sidhu prays at darshan asthal near dera baba nanakdownload the times of india news app for latest citymaan (gurdaspur): punjab cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu, whose controversial hug with pak army chief qamar javed bajwa and his assurance of the opening of kartapur sahib corridor had rejuvenated the project, skipped the foundation stone laying ceremony despite being in dera baba nanak on monday.
usually vocal, sidhu refrained from citing any reason about his absence or even acknowledging if he was sidelined or deliberately kept out of the function for 'political reasons', where besides vice-president venkaiah naidu, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, union minister of food processing harsimrat kaur badal and punjab chief minister amarinder singh were present.
i had gone to dera baba nanak early on monday morning.
i offered prayers and returned by 11am, said sidhu while talking to toi .
when asked as to why he was not part of the function, sidhu refused to elaborate, saying he would not like to indulge in any kind of politics on a pious and religious issue but would always extend any possible help or initiative for the kartarpur corridor.
sidhu added that he had three election rallies to attend in madhya pradesh.
asked about his response to the political statements made during the function, including that of capt amarinder singh, he replied, i am a politician but i don't play politics on religious and sentimental issues which are close to the hearts of people.
the opening of corridor has opened infinite possibilities.
sidhu had stirred a controversy during his last visit to pakistan when he attended the swearing-in ceremony of cricketer-turned-politician friend imran khan's swearing-in ceremony as the prime minister at islamabad in august, when he had hugged pakistan army chief bajwa.
following an uproar over his visit and hug, sidhu had mentioned that bajwa conveyed to him about pakistan's intention to open kartarpur corridor.
later, he had taken up the matter with the union government.
notably, during the foundation laying ceremony, none of the speakers including the state congress leadership mentioned sidhu's name whose meeting with bajwa and imran had expedited the corridor project.
when pointed out, sidhu declined to make any comment.
i have nothing to say about it.
i have always followed guru nanak devji's basic philosophy of unity and brotherhood.
leave aside politics, let peoples religious aspirations to be fulfilled, he told toi.
sidhu added that he has received the permission to visit pakistan for the ground breaking ceremony and would be leaving on tuesday afternoon.
he will return soon after attending the ceremony on november 28.
significantly, harsimrat and hardeep puri would also be part of the ceremony there.
this story is from november 29, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citybengaluru: political circles were abuzz with speculation on wednesday after bjp president and opposition leader in the legislative assembly bs yeddyurappa paid a surprise visit to congress troubleshooter and water resource minister dk shivakumar at his official residence here.
yeddyurappa, accompanied by son and shivamogga mp by raghavendra, met shivakumar for over an hour.
while the visit was ostensibly to seek his intervention in expediting some long-pending irrigation projects in shivamogga, there was speculation that the former cm reportedly made an offer for a political alliance.
however, friends-turned-foes shivakumar and yeddyurappa dismissed this speculation, saying there was nothing political about the meeting.
the bjp opposition leader said his visit was triggered only on account of urgent requirements of home district shivamogga in the face of drought.
i met him and urged him to provide funds to four pending lift irrigation projects in shikaripura (yeddyurappas home constituency), shivamogga rural and soraba constituencies, yeddyurappa said after the meeting.
during the meeting, raghavendra said they sought rs 2,000 crore for the lift irrigation projects and they got a positive response.
the discussions happened between two leaders in the presence of officials from the forest department, water resources department and the pwd.
there was no room for political discussions, he said.
shivakumar said yeddyurappa wanted to meet him two months ago but couldnt because of his hectic schedule.
the absence of kumar bangarappa, bjp mla from soraba, and kb ashok naik, shivamogga rural mla, fuelled talk about a political alliance.
during the meeting, sources said shivakumar summoned forest minister r shankar and asked him to ensure speedy clearance of the sigandur bridge.
the foundation stone was laid by union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari but an objection was filed and the union ministry of environment and forests had not given the clearance.
we requested the forest minister to look into the matter, said the shivamogga mp.
prakash ambedkar (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: bahujan vanchit aghadi leader prakash ambedkar has set february 28 as deadline for congress-ncp to strike a pre-poll deal for 2019 lok sabha elections.
giving the ultimatum, he said if the congress failed to give him a firm plan in next two days on how it would bring the rss on its knees, aghadi would go ahead on its own.
if the congress does not come clear on how it would tackle the rss within constitutional framework, i will have no pact with it.
i will declare aghadi candidates for all 48 lok sabha seats in the state, ambedkar told reporters here on tuesday.
meanwhile, a congress leader said ambedkars vague demand made no sense because congress stand on rss was known to everyone.
if he has any doubts, he should give a plan to take on the rss and we would fully back him, the leader said.
a youth leader of congress said it was clear ambedkar was not keen on joining any anti-modi alliance and so he was making unreasonable demands.
if he wants to be on his own, congress will field a candidate from akola too (from where ambedkar is likely to contest).
his party is not in a position to win even a single seat anywhere, the youth leader said.
meanwhile, ambedkar said the fact that sonia gandhi appreciated nitingadkari gadkari and gadkari in turn paid tributes to jawaharlal nehru recently indicated the congress was in pact with gadkari.
if not, the cong-ncp alliance should field either ashok chavan or sharad pawar from nagpur against gadkari in the coming elections.
this would send a strong signal that they are serious about defeating rsss blue-eyed boy, he said.
,      !
narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1513591251000the congress party accepts the verdict of the people and congratulates the new governments in both states.
i thank https://t.
co/ahijx7axqd  office of rg (@officeofrg) 1513594500000                     https://t.
co/wpzchhawv2  amit shah (@amitshah) 1513590489000abhi toh kuch nahi bolunga kyunki woh haal hi mein adhyaksh bane hain lekin 'sar mundwate hi ole pade': union home https://t.
co/mig5mvtw3i  ani (@ani) 1513585096000in his opening innings he scored zero says goa cm manohar parrikar on #rahulgandhi #electionresults https://t.
co/cekxx9hikr  ani (@ani) 1513585895000      ,           #electionresults  jignesh mevani (@jigneshmevani80) 1513594508000congratulate pm @narendramodi for delivering gujarat for 6th time in a row; victory in himachal pradesh is also a significant  nitingadkari gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) 1513584353000undoubtedly, a major victory.
the kind of work which party workers have done right from booth workers level till pm https://t.
co/juax8t4ttm  ani (@ani) 1513585371000i congratulate gujarat voters for their very balanced verdict at this hour.
it is a temporary and face-saving win, https://t.
co/4uigrgv3ad  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) 1513593481000bjp in home state of pm modi ji and amit shah ji is struggling to cross even 100.
.
.
congress had a great campaign i https://t.
co/sxrp27zjfn  ashok gehlot (@ashokgehlot51) 1513594703000on one hand, there were people who made mockery of development, while on other hand, there are people who are commi https://t.
co/0ldf28dlwa  mukhtar abbas naqvi (@naqvimukhtar) 1513584773000it is a matter of happiness for us, this is the victory of development, says union minister smriti irani, on a qu https://t.
co/tg0eawu5hr  ani (@ani) 1513580837000casteist agenda of hardik, jignesh, alpesh troika has helped congress or cost it the election?
congress has to sear https://t.
co/vdyos9o47g  ram madhav (@rammadhavbjp) 1513578963000in true national spirit & sportsman spirit, we must also congratulate the inc & its young & new president rahul gan https://t.
co/sp1mstv47j  shatrughan sinha (@shatrugansinha) 1513582323000people have rejected divisive politics of congress, this win is due to the dynamic leadership of bjp and the hard w https://t.
co/52isaicel7  ani up (@aninewsup) 1513580628000         sushil kumar modi (@sushilmodi) 1513580813000anyway you look at it after 41 rallies by the pm in gujarat anything less than a sweeping victory will be a cause f https://t.
co/bzzhfveysv  omar abdullah (@omarabdullah) 1513568096000ultimately bjp is going to register victory, contrary to early trends bjp is leading almost everywhere now: bjp's n https://t.
co/03qvrrrra3  ani (@ani) 1513573238000election results in gujarat and himachal pradesh indicate a strong support for politics of good governance and development.
i salute the hardworking bjp karyakartas in these states for their hard work which has led to these impressive victories.
i bow to the people of gujarat and himachal pradesh for their affection and trust in bjp.
i assure them that we will leave no stone unturned in furthering the development journey of these states and serve the people tirelessly.
i would like to give credit for this victory to the people of gujarat, also give assurance that in the coming 5 years bjp will work towards what the people of the state want.
the congress is leading on some 75 seats which is good.
this is twice better than the last elections.
what if we could not reach the destination, the journey has been good.
and the final tally may even be better than this.
this story is from december 20, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has decided to change the scope of work of its transaction adviser for orange city street project  the vestien global work places services and venkateshwara habitat llp consortium  as it has planned major changes in the project.
the adviser will now function in the capacity of sales management.
the proposal will be tabled before the standing committee meeting on friday.
the civic administration has sent a proposal to the standing committee for cancelling its decision of august 4.
on the advise of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, the nmc has decided to execute the project in a phased manner.
moreover, some works earlier to be done by the adviser will now be done by nmc on its own.
the project is one of the most ambitious ones executed by nmc.
it is expected to generate hundreds of crores of rupees for the cash-starved civic body.
nmc has decided to ask mahametro to construct a mall at jaiprakash nagar in the first phase.
other than this, the committee will also consider proposals worth total rs64.
32 crore.
among them are sanctioning the construction of storm water drains on six cement roads and improvement of traffic junctions worth rs44.
76 crore.
this story is from january 28, 2019a spectacular display of fireworks lit up the sky during the inaugural ceremony of atal setu in panaji.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: union minister nitingadkari gadkari, along with cm manohar parrikar on sunday, inaugurated indias third-longest cable-stayed bridge across the mandovi , which has been named as atal setu.
pm narendra modi on june 14, 2014, had laid the foundation stone for the bridge.
the bridge will be open to the public from january 29 onwards.
when the bridge was constructed, parrikar once again came to me for funds and requested the centre to give 50 percent of the funds.
i told parrikar that i had already written on the file that the goa government will spend money on the construction of the bridge and now i have to change my decision.
parrikar told me that i have to do it and the centre has decided to provide 50 percent of money for the bridge under national highways, he said.
the total cost of the mumbai-goa road is rs 18,000 crore, he said, adding that his ministry will take up construction of 8km from mopa airport to nh 66.
union minister for ayush, shripad naik demanded that gadkari should include the chorao-panaji bridge in the list of works sanctioned for the state.
dhavalikar said in 2019 most projects will be completed.
we are about to complete 70  work of polem to patradevi highway.
the government will open four lanes of the eight-lane zuari bridge for the public by december 2019.
with the centres permission, we are widening the road only by 30m instead of 60.
were saving 2000 houses along the highway.
this story is from january 20, 2019battery chargers for electric vehicles installed at sector 8 parkingdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chandigarh: as the ut administration have installed charging stations in different parking lots in the city, they will now push for early fixing of power tariff for electric vehicle charging stations.
the joint electricity regulatory commission (jerc) is yet to fix power tariff for these stations.
a senior ut official said that the ut electricity department in its power tariff petition submitted before the jerc had proposed a power tariff plan for electric vehicle charging stations.
they will now request jerc for fixing power tariff as early as possible, he added.
the department has proposed charging rs 5 per unit in the slab of 0-150 units, rs 5.
30 and rs 5.
60 per unit in 151-400 units and above 400 units, respectively.
the power tariff proposed for electric vehicle charging stations are higher as compared to domestic category but equivalent to power tariff of commercial category.
the central government has already framed a national electric mobility mission plan, which aims at promoting hybrid and electric vehicles in the country.
the ut administration is already working on promoting hybrid and electric vehicles.
last year, a team of the transport department had visited nagpur to study setting up of charging stations in different parts of the city.
nagpur was the first city in the country to have electric vehicle charging stations in place.
chandigarh has the highest density of vehicles in india with around 12 lakh registered vehicles, including both two-wheelers and four-wheelers.
the number of vehicles per house on an average is two.
as a result, it led to a sharp deterioration in quality of air.
to cut down the pollution level, chandigarh transport undertaking (ctu) will induct electric buses in its fleet.
the ministry of urban development has given a green signal to ctu to purchase 20 buses in the first phase.
one bus will cost around rs 5 crore and the central government has agreed to fund 60  of the cost of these electric buses.
at present, around 3,000 e-rickshaws are plying in the city.
the centre has already been working on making india a 100 per cent electric vehicle nation by 2030.
with an aim to reach that target in the next 12 years, the centre is already working on a scheme to provide electric vehicles on zero down payment.
a small working group has already been created led by union road minister nitingadkari gadkari, with power minister piyush goyal, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and environment minister prakash javadekar among other members.
first charging station at sector 42though the municipal as corporation have installed these charging stations in different parking lots, the chandigarh administration has planned to set up first charging station for electric vehicles at new lake, sector 42.
as per plan, the chandigarh renewal energy, science and technology promotion society (crest), the nodal agency to install solar plants in the ut has planned to install 800 kw solar plant at new lake, sector 42.
of these 800 kw, the ut administration will use 90 kw for charging station.
after this, the administration will implement the same project in markets of sector 15, 17 and 19.
the 90 kw charging station can charge around 65 cars in a day.
this story is from december 25, 2018in the last few days, i have noticed a sinister campaign by some opposition parties and a section of the media to t https://t.
co/rehnvbtiuf  nitingadkari gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) 1545546990000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: senior bjp leader and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday seemed to have kicked off a fresh controversy when he said that the responsibility of mps and mlas under-performing would lie at the door of the party chief.
his comments, just two days after a row with his remark that leadership should own up to defeat and failures - which he subsequently sought to clarify - will be once again be read as an oblique criticism of the bjp leadership after recent reverses in state polls.
speaking at the annual ib endowment lecture, the minister said, if i am the party president, and my mps and mlas are not doing well, then who is responsible?
i am.
the comments will be seen as a suggestion that the buck stops with bjp president amit shah .
he had later denied any criticism of the leadership and said he was committed to backing pm narendra modi for a second term in office.
the comments were interpreted as an attack on the modi-shah leadership though the minister later clarified that he was referring to leadership in the banking industry.
he also took to twitter to say, in the last few days, i have noticed a sinister campaign by some opposition parties and a section of the media to twist my statements and use them out of context and draw politically motivated inferences to malign my party and me.
you can't win elections only because you speak well.
you might be a 'vidwan' but people may not vote for you, he said.
one who thinks he knows it all is mistaken.
there is a difference between confidence and ego.
you should be confident but keep ego away, he added.
the initiatives, some of which are progressing fast, are in line with the modi government's vision to ensure seamless flow of traffic in ncr besides minimising vehicular pollution, road transport and highways minister gadkari said.
we have undertaken projects worth rs 31,930 crore to decongest ncr and minimise vehicular pollution, which has become a major problem, the minister said.
work on the rs 12,000 crore eastern peripheral expressway and rs 6,000 crore delhi-meerut expressway is on full swing and bids have been invited for the rs 6,000 crore project for development of dwarka expressway, he said.
it was also decided that the extra cost of uer ii, phase one will be shared by nhai and dda on a 50:50 basis.
master plan for delhi has proposed uer ii, which connects national highways 1, 10 and 8.
this road was proposed to reduce traffic on the ring road and outer ring road it was also decided that dda will hand over encumbrance free land.
the project will cost rs 1,500 crore.
this story is from november 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityponda: a high-level meeting has been convened in nagpur on friday in order to find a solution to the traffic problem during the road closure for the upgradation of ramnagar-anmod stretch of nh 4a.
pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar said that the meeting will be chaired by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and will be attended by transport ministers of goa and karnataka.
until then, the road will be open for traffic.
this story is from december 11, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav hit its 6th event-day on sunday, with a musical evening  uttar bharat ki sugandh  with the renowned politician, bhojpuri actor and singer, manoj tiwari.
the festival, which started on november 30, is a cultural extravaganza with various musical shows, dramas, fusion, dance drama and comedy shows staged by renowned stars over a span of 14 performing days.
being held at ishwar deshmukh college of physical education ground in hanuman nagar, the programme is receiving a huge audience since day one.
the musical night on sunday, dedicated to bhojpuri cultural songs, began at 7 pm in the presence of union minister of roads, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari.
before the singing session began, a ganesh vandana dance was performed as an auspicious beginning for the show.
after that, gadkari welcomed the performer of the day, manoj tiwari, with a bouquet and a shawl, followed by the deep prajwalan with other dignitaries on stage.
all the background performers including the dancers as well as the instrument players were thanked and applauded by tiwari before he started singing his first song.
to start with, tiwari chose to sing a bhojpuri song dedicated to goddess vindhyavasini, which set the perfect musical ambience for the audience.
the first song was followed by a number of other bhojpuri songs like dariya jhini re jhini, jiya ho bihar ke lala and nain lad jayi hai.
the audience turned euphoric when popular songs like rinkiya ke papa and lagave ju lipistick were sang by tiwari.
a number of people started shaking legs on the upbeat songs sung by him.
intervening the singing session, tiwari also took a moment to thank gadkari for the development of road and transport that he has brought about in the country.
besides, he also expressed gratitude to him for organizing a programme in maharashtra where the bihari cultural performances got stage preference.
the programme also included a few dance shows on bhojpuri songs performed by dance artists from delhi and bihar.
tiwari ended the singing session with a marathi song kathi na ghongda, which cheered nagpurians for the end note.
tiwari thanked nagpur for their presence, love and applause.
he also thanked the organizer of the event, rajesh bagde as well as bhushan kumar upadhyay and kanchan upadhyay for their presence.
this story is from december 8, 2018union minister nitingadkari gadkari at the khasdar mahotsav in nagpurrdtoimake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nashik: senior bjp leader and minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on friday fainted at a public function before recovering and continuing with his travel plans to shirdi and nagpur after a medical check-up.
it was earlier felt that his sugar levels had dipped, but this was not the case, the minister said.
the minister gave his colleagues and sympathisers a scare as he sank to his seat.
his office sources said he began to feel unwell as the national anthem was to be played and was given some chocolate.
as he rose thereafter, he fainted, falling back into his seat.
the visual of a staggering gadkari, who pursues a punishing schedule, made for dramatic tv footage but he recovered quickly and maintained his schedule after being examined by doctors who were part of the ministerial entourage.
my sugar level and bp is absolutely normal.
it was a closed hall and due to the crowd and heat, i started feeling uncomfortable.
heavy convocation attire added into my discomfort and i fell down.
however, now, i am absolutely all right.
available doctors at the venue immediately provided necessary treatment to me, he said.
the union surface transport ministser was in rahuri to attend the 33convocation ceremony of the mahatma phule krushi vidyapeeth on friday when he fainted with maharashtra governor c vidyasagar rao standing beside him.
suspecting that gadkari, who successfully underwent a weight- loss surgery, might have fainted due to drop of sugar level, doctors first offered him chocolates and water.
but the minister fainted again during the singing of the national anthem.
he recovered fast and, after a few minutes, walked up to the convoy ambulance without any help.
doctors conducted necessary check-up in the ambulance.
the check-ups revealed that all health parameters such as sugar and blood pressure were normal and gadkaris fall had to do with the uneasiness he felt due to heat and suffocation at the venue.
with an all-clear from doctors, the minister went ahead with the rest of schedule.
he had his lunch in rahuri and went to shirdi in a chopper.
after landing in shirdi, gadkari visited the sai baba temple and addressed a short press conference there.
gadkari left for nagpur in a special aircraft.
in nagpur, he was to inaugurate the khasdar culture festival, a week-long cultural festival organized by him.
sources at the agriculture university at rahuri toldthat gadkari attended the entire convocation function for more than an hour.
he started feeling uncomfortable only at the end of the function.
this story is from october 25, 2018home minister rajnath singh.
(ap file photo)new delhi: on the back of complaints by women as part of the #metoo movement , the government on wednesday constituted a group of ministers (gom) under home minister rajnath singh to strengthen the legal and institutional frameworks to deal with and prevent sexual harassment at work place.
the gom  which will also comprise defence minister nirmala sitharaman, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and women and child development minister maneka gandhi  will recommend action required for effective implementation of the existing provisions as well as changes needed in the legal and institutional mechanisms to deal with sexual harassment of working women.
the gom has been constituted in view of the felt need for broader consultation on this issue, from the point of view of developing appropriate recommendations and laying down a comprehensive plan of action and for ensuring its time-bound implementation, the home ministry said in a statement.
the gom has been given a time-frame of 3 months to examine the existing provisions for safety of women and recommend further measures to make them more effective.
the #metoo trend on social media had several women, including film/tv actresses and journalists, name their alleged sexual predators.
the ministry of women and child development has also launched an electronic complaints box to enable women to raise their voice against sexual harassment at work place.
iran's bank pasargad will open its branch within the next three months.
they are going to open a branch in mumbai in three months.
that will be used for transactions.
shipping, road transport and highways minister gadkari termed his meeting with iranian minister on chabahar port fruitful.
we had detailed discussions.
.
.
india has placed usd 85 million machinery order for chabahar, which is a port on the coast of the gulf of oman, and is iran's southernmost city.
we have had a good discussion with the minister (md javad zarif).
the first ship from brazil has already been received at chabahar.
.
.
the financial arrangement is ready.
he said the iranian minister had given many proposals.
they need steel, particularly real steel and locomotive engines, and they are ready to supply urea, he stated.
india can provide steel rails to iran and the persian gulf nation can provide urea to india, he added.
this story is from october 29, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: the union ministry of housing and urban affairs (mohua) has chosen the city bus service introduced in patna by state transport department for commendable initiative award under the category of best city bus service.
the ministry announces these awards to promote the best practices in urban transport.
the award will be given to the state transport department by maharashtras minister of energy, new and renewal energy chandrashekhar bawankule at the valedictory session of the 11th urban mobility and india conference and exhibition to be held in nagpur on november 4.
the three-day conference will be inaugurated by union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on november 2.
the bihar transport department has received a letter in this regard.
transport secretary sanjay kumar agarwal told this newspaper on sunday that the award is being given to such projects and initiatives which have been successfully completed or substantially implemented in a city.
the city bus service has improved transportation in patna.
the buses are running on almost all major routes, he said.
agarwal said the department has received good response from the commuters and according to latest data, 50 lakh passengers have so far travelled in city buses since may 3.
buses have started plying on 10 routes.
these buses charge minimum fare from passengers when compared to other private buses, and autorickshaws, agarwal added.
the department is also planning to start buses on new routes, such as patna-nalanda via bakhtiyapur and bankipore bus stand to a n college.
this story is from january 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: a team of punjab health department , along with gurugram cops and district health officials, busted an interstate sex determination racket in the city on monday.
four people were arrested for allegedly carrying out sex determination at a private clinic in shivali nagar of old gurugram.
an fir has been registered against the accused.
the raid followed a tip-off received by dr raju dhir of the punjab health department, about a racket operating out of gurugram, where people from punjab are sent for sex determination.
based on this, health departments of both states jointly formed a team.
the team tracked down some people in punjab, with whom the accused were in touch.
one of our team members called in as a customer and asked for a sex determination procedure.
the accused agreed and demanded rs 35,000.
the accused then asked the customer to reach gurugram at night, where the procedure would be carried out, said a team member.
the team reached the city on monday night, where they were met by a team from gurugram, sent by chief medical officer b k rajora, who was alerted in advance by the team from punjab.
the accused took them to the ultrasound clinic in shivaji nagar , where they were arrested red-handed by cops.
identified as satish, devender, nitingadkari and gopal, the accused used to call people in punjab to get sex determination done in the city.
while satish and devender used to look for customers in punjab, gopal used to tie-up with ultrasound clinics to carry out the procedure, while nitingadkari used to take the customers to the clinic.
sources said the accused never entertained requests of sex determination from haryana residents.
the four could be nabbed successfully because of proper coordination between different departments, said a senior district health department official.
vijayawada: andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu along with union civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju tried out a a sea plane on river krishna on wednesday, a day after prime minister narendra modi achieved a similar feat.
the amphibian aircraft took off at river krishnas bhavani ghat in vijayawada.
spicejet conducted the sea plane trials in association with japans setouchi holdings.
while addressing the gathering, naidu congratulated spicejet for bringing it to india and said that its take off and landing were smooth.
spicejet co-founder ajit singh said that they were ready to buy and operate 100 such sea planes.
naidu appealed to union shipping and water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari to formulate guidelines on sea planes quickly.
as the mode of transport is cost effective, and needs a small runway.
sea planes should be encouraged to boost tourism, naidu said.
naidu said the state has many tourist spots.
the sector should be developed and promoted as well in a way that would help generate employment.
he said, i invite spicejet to make amaravati its hub.
this is the future, and as an entrepreneur, i believe the city will flourish.
raju said the amphibian aircraft can be an innovative way to take services to small cities.
this story is from december 28, 2018photo for representative purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: revival of the yamuna got a shot in the arm with union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister arvind kejriwal jointly laying the foundation stone of nine projects under yamuna action plan-iii (yap).
a total of 11 projects will be taken up by national missing for clean ganga (nmcg) to conserve the river with the action plan primarily targeting three major drainage zones  kondli, rithala and okhla.
the projects, which will be carried out at a cost of rs 1,656 crore, will see the capacity of the three zones increase to around 950 million litres per day (mld) with the okhla sewage treatment plant (stp) set to become the countrys biggest.
at present, delhi generates 327 crore litres of sewage per day, but has a capacity to treat only 276 crore litres.
while yap-i was taken up between 1993 and 2003, yap-ii was extended in 2003 to cover uttar pradesh and haryana along with delhi.
to clean the ganga, we need to look at other sources of pollution and yamuna is one such component that needs attention.
we are not just focusing on delhi, but also haryana and uttar pradesh.
once these projects are complete, an additional 600 mld treated water can be released into the river or used for public purposes.
this water will be almost as clean as drinking water, like what is consumed in singapore, said gadkari.
gadkari also proposed running airboats in yamuna to promote tourism.
this proposal could offer a direct boat ride from delhi to taj mahal in agra.
we can build a port on the banks near taj mahal.
such projects can go hand-in-hand with cleaning of the river, he added.
yap-iii is part of the namami gange project and will be carried out under nmcg and be executed by delhi jal board (djb) in consultancy with japan international cooperation agency (jica).
the nine projects for which the foundation was laid include eight infrastructure projects like the stp at okhla (564 mld), three new stps at kondli (204 mld) and rithala (182 mld), apart from laying trunk sewer and rising main lines.
the yamuna will also see the use of a trash skimmer to college floating garbage.
a 22-kilometre stretch of the river in delhi is contributing to around 80  of its pollution.
these projects should help make the river much cleaner.
the signature bridges viewing deck will soon be opened to the public, but at this point you can only see sewage.
we want this to change in the next few years, said kejriwal.
the other dignitaries who participated in the programme included deputy cm manish sisodia , union minister of environment dr harsh vardhan and mos (water resources) dr satya pal singh.
this story is from november 4, 2018new delhi: union shipping and water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on saturday confirmed that pepsico is moving 16 containers from kolkata to varanasi on inland vessel mv rn tagore over river ganga.
this should have been the biggest news of the week in india.
for the first time since independence, a container is moving on inland vessel.
pepsico is moving 16 containers from kolkata to varanasi on vessel mv rn tagore, over river ganga.
such a huge accomplishment!
#sagarmala he tweeted.
completed in record time.
shall also dedicate to nation babatpur airport to varanasi national highway and varanasi ring road, read another tweet of the minister.
under sagarmala, 266 port modernisation projects with an investment of more than rs 1.
in addition to this, he had said that 111 waterways are being developed as national waterways, which will reduce logistics costs, thus benefiting the food processing industry.
the development of ganga and brahmaputra rivers for transport will also make it easier to move local produce to bangladesh, he had said.
the prime objective of the sagarmala project is to promote port-led direct and indirect development and to provide infrastructure to transport goods to and from ports quickly, efficiently and cost-effectively.
nagpur: union minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated two books titled sapt saritancha pradesh and samantar drusti samagra vikasachi at his office on ram nagar road on saturday.
originally titled land of seven rivers by sanjiv sanyal, sapt saritancha pradesh is a translated version in marathi by sanjeev joshi.
the books are published by bhartiya vichar sadhana, pune.
anchor appa joshi thanked gadkari for his support.
vivek ratnaparkhi, avinash sangavai, vivek deshpande, jagdish markandeya and pratima shastri attended the function.
joshi said that sapt saritancha pradesh deals with the indias geographical history and includes eight chapters like the era of businessmen and the modern indian outlook.
author of samantar drusti samagra vikasachi vandana navghare said she got the idea of writing the book from prime minister narendra modis idea to launch swachh bharat campaign on gandhi jayanti.
earlier, vinoba bhave had also marked gandhi jayanti as swachha din in 1949.
he said the fact that two such different personalities converged on a similar topic inspired him to research for his book.
this story is from january 12, 2019representative image.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: sixty-three percent of mumbaikars never use rear seat belts in cars, putting themselves, especially children, at risk.
only 7.
4  are aware of the necessity to put on rear seat belts.
the remaining put them on at times.
the findings are reflected in a national survey titled 'rear seatbelt usage and child road safety in india'.
the study was conducted by nissan in partnership with the non-profit savelife foundation.
around 700 motorists each were interviewed in mumbai and 10 other cities: delhi, bangalore, kolkata, chennai, jaipur, guwahati, lucknow, panaji, patna and kochi.
it was released on friday by union minister for road transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari.
the study reveals that despite awareness drives, rear seat belt use remains low in the country.
nearly 7 of 10 car users are aware of the presence of rear seat belts, yet most admitted to never using them.
a large number of cab drivers (72 ) in the metros said they had never seen a rear seat passenger wearing a seat belt.
the reasons for not wearing rear seat belts include: it is not mandatory (37.
8 ), lack of awareness (23.
9 ) and damage to clothes (4.
6 ).
this story is from december 11, 2018maharashtra produces about 370 mt silk and aims to increase the production to 670 mtdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: with the aim of reviving sericulture, both tussar and mulberry silk cultivation in the state, the directorate of sericulture (headquarters in city) is initiating a drive to encourage more and more farmers to switch to sericulture from traditional agriculture, and earn an assured income.
the directorate is relaunching a mahareshim abhiyan from vasantrao deshpande hall on december 15 at 11am.
union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will launch the mission in presence of state cooperative and marketing minister subhash deshmukh, minister of state arjun khotkar and guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule.
textile secretary atul patne will also be present.
the directorate didnt have a full-time director for last eight years.
bhagyashree banait, the new director, said, the campaign aims at convincing more farmers to go for this commercial and money earning crop.
it is only in sericulture that the farmer doesnt have to take a loan.
instead, he gets subsidy at each step of the cultivation process through various central and state government schemes.
hence, farmer can never be at loss in sericulture.
the directorate is aiming at revival of all the 18 reeling centres in the state.
the government is planning to rent out the machines to entrepreneurs and farmers at the earliest.
since entire process of rearing cocoons to producing silk involves specific skills, technical staff of directorate is reaching out to train the farmers.
currently, there are 17,500 mulberry farmers cultivating in an area of 19,000 acres and in tussar 3,000 farmers are covering an area of 12,000 hectares.
india produces about 8,000 metric tonnes (mt) of silk out of which about 370 mt comes from maharashtra.
the state is aiming to increase the production to 670 mt.
in the 2018 social forestry plantation, the directorate planted 314.
12 lakh trees as against a target of 65 lakh mulberry trees, which is nearly five times.
under the drive in 2019, about 5,000 acres of land will be covered and for tussar 200 new farmers will be roped in.
the mulberry area in the state has increased from 4,386 acres in 2012 to 10,816 acres in 2017-18 and the farmers under it have increased from 3,218 to 9,954.
the cocoons production during this period has increased from 700 mt to 2,279 mt.
the yarn production has also increased four times.
however, in case of tussar the scenario hasnt changed much.
from 2012 to 2017-18, the number of farmers has increased from 2,259 to just 2,920.
area has increased from 8788 hectares to 10,669 hectares, cocoon production from 243 mt to 354 mt while yarn production has doubled.
on the launch day, a reshim yatra will be taken out which will have floats from the all the districts in the state, at 8.
30am from deshpande hall.
this story is from november 11, 2018pwd minister and madkai mla ramkrishna dhavalikar.
download the times of india news app for latest citypanaji: pwd minister and madkai mla ramkrishna dhavalikar on saturday said the 106m-long khandepar bridge, built at a cost of rs 25 crore, would be thrown open to the public in december.
dhavalikar said the bridge is almost complete and would be opened anytime after december 5.
the inaugural day would be decided according to the convenience of union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
the cost of the entire project, including the bridge, a four-lane road, flyover and underpass, is rs 300 crore.
the project covers a stretch of about 8km that will connect khandepar to old rto office in ponda, he saidthe widening project was proposed under the fourth phase of the national highways development programme which was launched during the atal bihari vajpayee-led nda government.
the pwd has also finalized the traffic diversion plan at the opa-khandepar junction.
we intend to use the existing and new bridges as a one-way route.
while the existing bridge would be kept for vehicles going towards usgao, those travelling towards ponda will take the new bridge, a pwd officer said.
the pwd has divided the road-widening project into five segments  khandepar to ponda, ponda to farmagudi, farmagudi to bhoma, bhoma to old goa and the khandepar and banastarim bridges.
the other bridges that are under construction are the ones being built at galgibaga-talpona.
the pwd officer said over 70  construction of the much-awaited galgibaga-talpona twin bridges has been completed.
the bridges were supposed to be completed by december last year, but the deadline could not be met.
the bridges will ease the traffic flow in canacona.
the bypass from char rasta in canacona town to maxem is expected to reduce travel distance by 15km.
this story is from january 6, 2019surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in jodhpur on saturday.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jodhpur: surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari laid foundation of and inaugurated of six road projects in border areas worth rs 6,000 crore on saturday in jodhpur .
he claimed that not a single road will have any potholes for the next 150-200 years.
my focus has been on developing roads using concrete here and these roads will not have any potholes for next 150-200 years.
you, your children and then their children will be plying on them, said gadkari to the audience.
gadkari dedicated works worth rs 2,000 to the nation after their completion and laid foundation of some projects worth rs 4,000 crore stating that projects worth rs 6,000 crore in a single day is a very big thing.
there was so much transparency in all these works that they did not have to come to the ministry for this and corruption of not even one rupee took place in any of these projects, said gadkari.
gadkari also emphasized on promotion of biofuel , electricity and ethanol as alternative to the conventional fossil fuel .
he said that his expertise is in bio mass and bringing in bio cng and biofuel.
he appealed to the mos (agriculture ministry) gajendra singh shekhawat to turn rajasthan into an automobile hub by promoting production of jetropha.
he also appealed to the farmers to come forward to produce biofuel from jetropha using bio-technology.
pimpri chinchwad: in a big relief to daily commuters, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has sanctioned rs39 crore for the pending repair works on the pune-nashik highway.
the move is aimed at easing traffic snarls at rajgurunagar and narayangaon.
shiv sena mp shivajirao adhalrao patil revealed in a press note on wednesday that gadkari gave an immediate approval for the project in a meeting in new delhi on monday.
the union minister gave stringent instructions for the contractor to complete the delayed bypass work on the highway at the earliest, the note stated.
explaining the expense break-up, patil said, gadkari gave an approval to begin the construction of two roads  total length 9.
14km  on priority basis and sanctioned rs38.
93 crore for the same.
the estimated cost of fixing the road from swamini hotel in rajgurunagar to chandoli toll plaza is rs15.
99 crore, while construction of the bypass joining the entry and exit points of narayangaon on the highway will cost rs22.
94 crore.
the works will include full repairs of the two roads and construction of separate drainage lines and footpaths.
he said that khed-sinnar project was approved nine years ago, but bypass construction at rajgurunagar, manchar, kalamb, narayangaon and alephata is still incomplete due the contractors delayed work.
as a result, commuters are faced with daily traffic snarls for long hours on the highway.
in the second phase, patil said work on the highway passing through manchar town and kalamb and alephata villages will be undertaken.
on completion of the project, daily traffic congestion on khed-sinnar stretch of the highway will be permanently resolved.
patil congratulated gadkari for approving the rs1,013-crore pune-nashik highway widening project.
he also demanded that good compensation be provided to the farmers whose land will be acquired for the project.
porvorim: opposition members on monday demanded that a special session should be called to pass a resolution to remove six rivers from the national waterways act.
the opposition also demanded that chief minister manohar parrikar should use his clout to remove the rivers from the centres list.
leader of opposition chandrakant babu kavlekar said, we have to request union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari to remove our rivers from nationalization (scheme).
through this house, we can request, and as you (parrikar) hold a good clout in delhi, you can get it (remove rivers from national waterways act) done for the state, he said, adding that all mlas can pass a unanimous resolution in the assembly.
ponda mla ravi naik said that the earlier decision of parrikar opposing river nationalization should be conveyed once again to the central government.
naik said that the state government should not sign the mou but ask the centre for funds for the development of the states rivers.
navelim mla luizinho faleiro said that nationalization of rivers is a wrong step.
he also said that these rivers are not only the lifeline for fishermen, but also drive economic activities.
once we transfer the right to the centre, the state government will find it difficult get back control over our rivers, he said.
faleiro, who is also a former chief minister, demanded that the government should ask for special grants from the prime minister for development of rivers.
he also said that the assembly should pass a unanimous resolution to oppose river nationalization.
curtorim mla aleixo reginaldo lourenco said that nationalization means privatization.
referring to the kerala governments opposition to river nationalization, lourenco said that the goa government should also oppose these plans on the same lines.
lourenco said that the house should pass a resolution and the cabinet should take a decision to oppose river nationalization.
margao mla digambar kamat said that there is apprehension in the minds of people and there should be some mechanism to remove the apprehension among the people by changing the mou.
benaulim mla churchill alemao said that bjp has three mps in parliament from goa and they should strongly take up the issue with the central government to exclude goas rivers from the national waterways act.
this story is from february 4, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai : autorickshaw drivers have demanded that their vehicles be allowed to ply till lokmanya tilak municipal general hospital in sion on humanitarian grounds.
nav bharatiya shivvahtuk sanghatana's all-india vice president maqbool mujawar said, we have demanded that the government should give us permission to ply autorickshaws till sion hospital.
we have got requests from several drivers from kurla and mankhurd who regularly face problem dropping patients at sion hospital and have to leave them mid-way.
tnnthis demand has been mooted before the government by the nav bharatiya shivvahtuk sanghatana, the newly formed bjp transport union under guidance of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari,nav bharatiya shivvahtuk sanghatana's all-india vice president maqbool mujawar : we have demanded that government, specially state transport ministry, should give us permission to ply autorickshaws till sion hospital.
we have got requests from several drivers from kurla and mankhurd who regularly face problem dropping patients at sion hospital and have to leave them mid-way.
at present, several patients from bandra , kurla, mankhurd and other areas travel by auto to sion and have to get down near railway station from where it is difficult to get taxi for a short distance upto sion hospital.
said a driver : we feel sorry for the patients and their relatives after they alight from our vehicles at sion station and do not get a connecting vehicle to reach the hospital.
not everyone can afford taxi as autos are comparatively cheaper mode of transport.
the buses too have poor frequency due to road congestion.
another driver said there were several automen who were willing to pick up patients and relatives from ltmg hospital.
the rto should give approval for an auto stand outside the hospital gates.
patients will be glad to take autos which are cheaper and can take them to their destinations in the suburbs, he stated.
a senior rto official said that there was a rule which barred autos from entering the island city and they could ply only up to bandra flyover and sion railway station areas.
this story is from january 13, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: even though chief minister devendra fadnavis and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari have been announcing that bhoomipuja of the new airport will be done on january 26, the fact is that the project does not have two major clearances.
it is being built with private participation with gmr emerging as the top bidder.
the tender was opened on september 28, 2017, but not much progress has been made since then even though fadnavis is direct in-charge of the tender process.
sources in mihan india limited (mil), a joint venture between airports authority of india (aai) and maharashtra airport development company (madc) and the project executing agency, said that the project was yet to get nod from aai.
it has also not been approved by project management implementation committee (pmic) headed by chief secretary dk jain, an official said.
however, a senior official in madc said that the board meeting of mil would be held on january 19 and aai would clear the project on that day.
the cm has promised to get the project cleared from pmic within a few days after aai approval, he told toi.
mil board has two members of aai and madc each.
one possible obstacle in the approval process was gmrs offer of sharing only 5.
76  revenue with mil.
the governments share in delhi and mumbai airports is higher than this figure.
however, in hyderabad and bengaluru the private operator gives only 4 , said the mil source.
gmr has to invest rs1,685 crore in the airport for its 74  stake.
the new terminal will be built in chinchbhuvan-kalkuhi area.
the private developer has freedom to change the development plan.
the detailed project report (dpr) envisages a passenger traffic of 40 lakh per year from the new airport four years from now.
the private operator will have to construct the terminal, taxiway, approach road, parking slot and other passenger amenities based on this figure.
the existing airport has a capacity for parking 17 passenger aircraft.
the new airport should have parking area for 33 passenger aircraft and two cargo planes.
fadnavis and gadkari expect passenger and cargo traffic in nagpur to grow significantly when the investment in pipeline materializes.
this story is from november 25, 2018on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushma swaraj @sushmaswaraj ,capt https://t.
co/yxfnkmi1rn  shah mahmood qureshi (@smqureshipti) 1543069345000islamabad/new delhi: india will send two union ministers, harsimrat kaur and hardeep puri, to attend the ground-breaking ceremony for kartarpur corridor in pakistan even though external affairs minister sushma swaraj on saturday declined the invite by pakistan citing prior commitments.
islamabad had invited swaraj, punjab cm amarinder singh and state minister navjot singh sidhu for the ceremony on november 28, pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi announced on twitter on saturday.
swaraj though replied saying that due to prior commitments, including election campaign in telangana, she would not be able to travel to kartarpur sahib.
however, she said, being mindful of the sentiments of india's sikh citizens and the importance of facilitating their smooth and easy access to the holy place, india will send union ministers harsimrat kaur badal (minister for food processing industries) and hardeep puri (mos, housing and urban affairs) to kartarpur.
she also expressed hope that pakistan will expedite construction of the corridor.
the last time swaraj travelled to pakistan  in december 2015  india and pakistan ended up resuming the bilateral dialogue process.
development of the corridor was said to be on top of the agenda for the swaraj-qureshi meeting on the side lines of unga as proposed by khan in september this year.
the meeting was cancelled by india after the killing of spos in j&k.
pakistan said in a statement that its kartarpur spirit can be a step forward in the right direction from conflict to cooperation, animosity to peace and enmity to friendship.
on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushma swaraj @sushmaswaraj ,capt amarinder singh @capt_amarinder & navjot singh sidhu @sherryontopp to attend the groundbreaking ceremony at #kartarpura on 28 nov, 2018.
#pakistankartarpuraspirit, tweeted qureshi.
we will only comment once we have received a formal invitation, said punjab chief ministers media adviser raveen thukral, refusing to speculate if the cm would visit pakistan for the ground-breaking ceremony.
sidhu, who had in august created a huge controversy by hugging pak army chief general qamar javed bajwa during the oath-taking ceremony of imran khan, said he would attend the event if he gets permission from the centre.
i have got permission from captain amarinder singh to visit pakistan for the november 28 event.
i have applied for the centres permission, sidhu told toi on phone from madhya pradesh.
in india, national highways authority of india (nhai) said it will build the recently announced corridor up to the international border in punjab.
the highways ministry on saturday said it will be a four-lane highway with service roads and other facilities for pilgrims intending to visit gurudwara darbar sahib in pakistan.
in a release, the road transport ministry said vice president m venkaiah naidu will lay the foundation stone for the construction of dera baba nanak-kartarpur sahib road corridor on monday.
highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and punjab chief minister amarinder singh will also attend the ceremony at village mann in gurdaspur district.
the indian side of corridor starts from dera baba nanak in gurdaspur district and extends up to the international border.
this corridor will be a historical landmark between india and pakistan and will also boost tourism as more pilgrims would visit the holy shrine throughout the year between two countries, the ministry said.
guru nanak dev had assembled the sikh community at kartarpur and lived there for 18 years till 1539.
the gurudwara darbar sahib is built where guru nanak took his last breath.
to mark 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak in 2019, the government had on thursday announced to build the kartarpur corridor as an integrated development project.
the corridor will let sikh pilgrims visit the iconic gurudwara darbar sahib at kartarpur on the banks of river ravi in pakistan.
nagpur: chief minister devendra fadnavis on thursday claimed that the the loan waiver done by congress led governments at centre and state in 2008 benefitted banks and credit societies and not a majority of farmers.
while replying to detailed discussions under rule 293 initiated by mla anil bonde and others, he declared the bjp-sena government in state had so far distributed rs20,734 crore in 43,16,768 accounts, out of rs34,022 crore loan waiver announced by them.
of these, 28.
97 lakh were loan accounts while 14 lakh accounts were of those who had repaid their loans in time.
other ministers including agriculture minister pandurang phundkar, water resources minister girish mahajan, water conservation minister ram shinde and cooperation minister subhash deshmukh also replied on behalf of their respective departments.
cms reply, with facts and figures, took the wind off sails of opposition that had attacked the government on wednesday for misleading the public and demanded complete loan waiver.
congress-ncp also held big morchas on tuesday for fulfilling farmers demand.
after cms speech, the opposition benches led by leader radhakrishna vikhe patil, former cm prithviraj chavan and ex-deputy cm ajit pawar staged a walkout while flaying the government for not providing justice to the farmers.
earlier, phundkar assured to provide complete help to cotton-growers whose crops were damaged due to attack by pink bollworms.
the government formulated three-pronged strategy where it would be compensating them for the losses and the seed companies were also told to pay damages.
insurance firms too have been asked to compensate, he said.
he announced they would be closing about 50 agriculture colleges operating without infrastructure and facilities, which were granted permissions by the democratic front (df) government.
we also took action against bt cotton seeds producers like monsanto for supplying sub-standard products by filing 110 court cases.
we also sealed a godown of mahyco, where outdated seeds were believed to be stored.
we will lodge offences if samples are found to be substandard and will not spare anyone whose actions left farmers devastated, phundkar said.
while admitting vacancies in his department, phundkar assured that half the posts would be filled up soon.
on irrigation, mahajan said the government would be completing 26 major projects by 2019, including gosikhurd which would irrigate a huge area of 5.
50 lakh hectares.
he declared that due to efforts of union minister nitingadkari gadkari and cm, the centre included 26 state projects in pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (pmksy) and granted rs16,600 crore for completing them.
the state would take a loan at 6  interest from nabard towards its share for these projects.
we have granted approvals to revised estimate cost (suprama) of 212 projects of which 102 are in vidarbha and 27 in marathwada, while df government could approve only four projects in their last tenure.
recently, approval is granted for third revised cost to gosikhurd at rs18,494 crore and spent rs9,698 crore till date.
we have also recruited 1,240 junior engineers for expediting all projects, he said.
fadnavis charged that a bank had allegedly siphoned off money received under congress governments loan waiver scheme through five lakh fake accounts.
he named kolhapur dcc bank for disbursing rs37.
37 lakh in account of one indrajit towards loan waiver, despite the fact the he was from well-to-do family.
so far we have disbursed rs5,754 crore in vidarbha and rs6,000 crore in marathwada in over 22 lakh accounts of farmers and rs3,704 crore in over seven lakh accounts in north maharashtra.
the online system adopted is completely transparent and ensures benefits reach the right farmer, he said.
citing strictures passed by the cag in its report on df governments loan waiver, he said they distributed rs287 crore to 1.
43 lakh farmers in mumbai while only 285 crore were granted to six-suicide prone districts in vidarbha.
in our package, most districts in backward region, would get over rs1,000 crore each.
our package would continue until last affected farmer got the benefit, he said.
representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: greens and wildlife activists are claiming a major victory after the standing committee of the national board for wildlife (nbwl) on monday rejected the proposal of south central railway (scr) to upgrade the meter gauge railway line passing through melghat tiger reserve (mtr) in amravati district nbwl is the highest decision-making body of moefcc on projects involving national parks, sanctuaries and tiger reserves.
on january 31, the supreme courts central empowered committee (cec) had put the ball in nbwls court asking it to reconsider the project.
the nbwl in its 40th meeting on january 3, 2017 had earlier cleared the project subject to mitigation measures.
confirming the development, national tiger conservation authority (ntca) member-secretary anup kumar nayak told toi, after the cec hearing, we recommended that the project should not be upgraded through the tiger reserve and instead realigned outside the reserve.
the proposal will now be sent back to the state.
on june 18, 2018, the stalled railway line project was given the go-ahead in a meeting between union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and railway minister piyush goyal at delhi.
both said no clearances were required and that right of way (row) belonged to the railways.
a day after the meeting between the two ministers, the railway board issued a letter asking scr to start work on the project.
however, akot-based environment lawyer manish jeswani and mumbai-based prasad khale of conservation action trust (cat) moved cec against the project in august 2018.
hearing these two petitions on january 31, cec asked moefcc representatives that as ntca and wildlife institute of india (wii, dehradun ) have recommended that avoidance of the project through the tiger reserve is the best mitigation, the ministry should now again take up the matter with nbwl for reconsideration.
the state government in its reply to cec on january 16, 2019, has already countered railways submission that it does not attract forest (conservation) act, 1980 under the row.
moefcc on december 5, 2017 had already clarified that since the row is part of the critical tiger habitat (cth), fca will be applicable, said top forest officials.
jeswani hailed cecs decision and the nbwl stand.
if we lose the biodiversity-rich fragile ecosystem and species like tiger from mtr, the loss will be forever, he said.
congress mla from buldhana harshawardhan sapkal welcomed the latest move.
i have been saying it in all forums that of the 176km akola-khandwa railway line, 39km passes through mtr where most of the villages have been relocated.
if line is taken through alternative route it will benefit over 2.
50 lakh people, he said.
this is a landmark decision.
many times linear projects claim row in a wrongful manner, said milind pariwakam, wildlife biologist who works on linear infrastructure ecology and policy issues in india.
new delhi: the family of jeweller gaurav gupta believe he didnt kill himself but was murdered.
on wednesday, gupta had a fatal fall from the sixth-floor of a building at cgo complex in south delhi where the office of department of revenue intelligence is located.
this was declared a suicide, but the gupta family alleged foul play.
ashok gupta, father of gaurav, told toi that he had accompanied his son and had seen how rude dri officials had been to him.
they first raided our house on tuesday around 7pm.
my daughter-in-law was alone at home then.
after checking everything at home, they raided our jewellery store and slapped my son when he asked them what was happening, gupta said.
women staff at the store said the dri officials who came for the raid turned off all cctv cameras and told them to leave and not return to work until further orders.
gupta said the officials stayed over at their house and asked them innumerable questions about gold jewellery in their possession.
we have bills for all that we possess.
the next morning around 7am, they took me and my son to their office.
after questioning me for over four hours, i was sent home with almost 15 officials while my son was still there.
he died around noon and they took me back to their office around 4pm.
even though my son had died by that time, none of us at home were given any sort of information regarding it.
when i questioned them about gaurav, they instead made me listen to a tape that allegedly had my sons voice calling out for help, gupta said.
gupta doubted the clip as his son had died five hours earlier.
he said there was a waiting room where they were made to sit for a while before being taken to separate rooms for questioning and it had a window near the roof.
even if i believe for a moment that my son committed suicide, he could have jumped only through two rooms: one where he was being questioned, the other the waiting room.
if he jumped through the first room, then someone must have seen or encouraged him and if he jumped through the second room, who pushed him up to the window as my son had a heavy build and there was no way he could have climbed on his own, gupta said.
gaurav guptas widow stuti was inconsolable.
i refuse to believe that my husband committed suicide.
our lives were perfect till tuesday morning, she said.
the deceaseds mother even claimed her elder son nitingadkari was also summoned by dri but was untraceable until thursday evening.
dri officials contested all claims.
an officer said anonymously that gaurav gupta and his father were taken care of as both were diabetics.
an ac mechanic had seen gaurav jump off, the officer said.
the officer added that huge recoveries had been made from the shop and home of the guptas, and they had been brought to the office to ask about the seizures.
gaurav threatened to harm himself and even commit suicide, he added.
this story is from december 23, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur:development has always spelt disaster for the tiger population of the state.
the natural habitat of the big cat has shrunk drastically over the years through illegal encroachments as well as by state-sponsored projects.
in yet another blow to the endangered species, the national highway authority of india ( nhai ) is considering a proposal to construct a highway through the 36-hectare forest land in the mukundra hills tiger reserve (mhtr).
this is being mulled for the ambitious delhi-mumbai expressway project mooted by union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
if the project is implemented, it would cut off the tiger corridor between the ranthambore national park (rnp) and ramgarh vidhasiri tiger sanctuary, which has witnessed frequent movement of big cats in the recent past.
though, a formal proposal has not been submitted to state forest department, according to official sources, the nhai has suggested an alignment that passes through the jhamra region of the darrah range in mhtr as per initial discussions.
a senior official forest source said, at a recent meeting, the nhai proposed to construct a viaduct inside the mhtr.
after the proposal was turned down by the forest department, the authority proposed to construct a tunnel inside the forest area.
however, any construction inside the forest would impact wildlife .
the state forest department has asked the agency to opt for an alternative alignment.
using bitumen inside the densely wooded and picturesque darrah sanctuary, where a tiger and a tigress were relocated from rnp recently, would disturb the environment.
project to cut through corridor in sawai madhopur districtjaipur: though mhtr is spread over 759.
99 sq km, covering the four districts of kota, bundi, chittorgarh and jhalawar, the wildlife population is largely found in the 200-sqkm darrah range where the construction is proposed.
the ambitious highway project would also cut through the tiger corridor in sawai madhpour district and create a huge problem for the movement of animals.
an official on condition of anonymity said, the highway is proposed to be constructed in lakheri and indargarh area, which are part of the corridor for big cats.
there is already some disturbance in the area due to the railway line.
the proposed highway will cut through tiger corridors to ramgarh vidyasiri sanctuary and jawahar sagar wildlife sanctuary in bundi district.
experts underlined the need of tiger corridors to facilitate free movement of big cats from rtr, where they are facing space crunch, to mhtr.
movement of tigers is constantly recorded on this corridor.
tiger mirza that was relocated to mhtr came to ramgarh through this corridor.
similary, rtr tiger, broken tail, had reached mhtr around 14 years ago through the corridor.
a tigress strayed out of rtr and reached sultanpur forests in kota around eight years ago through this corridor, said tapeshwar singh bhati, president, mukundra hills environment and wildlife society, kota.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jalandhar: with union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari to lay the foundation stone of an elevated structure and vehicular underpass on national highway 44 (nh-44) in phagwara, work is finally expected to start on the 2.
2km stretch of road which divides the town into two.
the stretch has been a major bottleneck in the six-laning of panipat jalandhar highway and hanging fire for long.
union minister of state vijay sampla, who is the mp from hoshiarpur and is expected to get the party ticket again, is expected to highlight the project as a major achievement while campaigning.
the design and work on this stretch of nh-44 has been a contentious issue  locals had strongly opposed the earlier design as it would have divided the town in two parts and demanded an elevated road on pillars.
in june 2016, work on the road was resumed after being suspended for a few years.
however, due to opposition to the earlier design by several locals and even political leaders, work was abandoned.
after this, sampla took up the issue with the union minster and engineers of the national highways authority of india (nhai) redesigned the stretch.
now, apart from the 2.
5-km-long elevated stretch of highway, a vehicular underpass would also be constructed in front of the civil hospital in phagwara.
the nhais original design did not envision an underpass to the 100-bedded medical facility, which is close to the nh-44 and caters to those injured in road accidents.
the lack of an underpass from sugar mill chowk to jalandhar has caused major problems to local residents, even though areas on either side of the road are densely populated and have quite a number of public institutions.
it was the towns biggest issue and i persistently followed it with the ministry and nhai authorities, sampla said.
existing road in bad shapeeven as union minister nitingadkari gadkari will lay the foundation stone of the elevated stretch of nh-44 in phagwara, the roads condition continues to be poor, even though thousands of vehicles use it every day.
the stretch from bus stand and to goal chowk is the worst off.
potholes on this stretch are dangerous and several people have fallen of two-wheelers because of them.
the volume of traffic is high and this condition of the road adds to the congestion.
a few days ago, traffic police had to use a barricade to stop people from driving over one such pothole, said surjeet singh, whose office is near goal chowk.
a manhole on the service road along the stretch is not covered and barricades have been placed around it too.
this manhole can cause a fatal accident; the old cover was damage and there has been no replacement, surjeet singh said.
another local, manoj lekhi, said people were paying an exhorbitant toll in phillaur for using the highway, but there had been no improvement in the roads condition.
there is no proper drainage of water, and the road gets inundated even after some light rain, said lekhi.
mumbai: shiv sena , bjps oldest  and for at least 25 years its sturdiest  ally, announced on tuesday that it would go solo for the lok sabha and maharashtra assembly polls in 2019.
while senas newly constituted national executive passed a resolution to this effect, sena president uddhav thackeray urged indians to pull down the modi government in the next polls.
this regime thrives only on hollow ad campaigns.
it needs to be brought down, uddhav said at a party conclave that saw his son aaditya (28) being elevated to the status of a neta in the sena.
shiv sena wont ally with bjp in 2019 pollsthough sena is not withdrawing from the modi government or the bjp-led state government as of now, its stand, and especially uddhavs call to defeat the modi regime, is certain to worsen sena-bjp ties, rocky since mid-2014, and raise doubts over senas role in the bjp-led nda at the centre.
though the allies fought the 2014 ls polls unitedly, matoshree snapped ties with bjp for the october 2014 state elections, only to later join the devendra fadnavis-led government as bjps junior partner.
the tie-up came apart again for the 2017 mumbai civic polls where bjp fell just 2 seats short of the sena tally.
uddhav also spelt out senas expansion plan with militant hindutva as its plank.
addressing party functionaries at the sardar vallabhbhai patel stadium in worli, he said, we will expand across the country.
hereafter we will contest every election in every state with hindutva as our mantra, he said.
uddhavs gameplan is to poach on the radical quotient in the bjp-rss ahead of the 2019 polls by flaunting aggressive hindutva and projecting bjp as a feeble party with little or no legitimate claim to hindutva, said sena watchers.
they pointed out that a section in the sangh parivar is unhappy with the modi regime for being soft on issues such as kashmir, ram janmabhoomi, article 370 and even triple talaq.
the sena also passed a resolution to win at least 25 ls seats (out of 48 in the state) and 150 assembly seats (out of 288) in 2019.
raising the kashmir issue, uddhav said the nation needed an aggressive leader like sardar patel.
in a dig at pm modi who routinely heaps praise on indias first home minister, he said, had the sardar been alive today, he would have resolved the kashmir issue and also the pakistan issue once and for all.
uddhav also criticised modi for taking israeli pm benjamin netanyahu to ahmedabad for a kite-flying session recently.
why ahmedabad?
the pm should have taken his israeli counterpart to srinagar to hoist the national flag there, he said.
accusing the modi government of issuing hollow threats to pakistan, uddhav said those in power have no empathy for indian soldiers killed along the border and in terror attacks.
its high time the pakistan problem is put to an end forever.
but our leaders have become mastawaal (power-drunk and reckless), he said.
he also slammed union minister nitingadkari gadkari for being critical of the navy and chided state bjp minister chandrakant patil for praising the kannada language in belgaum, an area at the centre of the maharashtra-karnataka border row.
patil should have spared a thought for marathis who have been living along the border, said uddhav, indicating that along with hindutva, the sena would also sharpen its marathi plank.
nagpur: bollywood playback singer abhijeet bhattacharya stole the hearts of his fans as began his concert with musafir hoon yaaron on the second day of khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav at ishwar deshmukh college of physical education ground, on sunday.
abhijeet warmed the hearts of the audience on the wintry night and a few quips on kachoris had the fans amused as they swayed to his songs.
as the emcee announced abhijeets arrival at the venue, fans hopped from their seats to get a glimpse of the singer from a distance.
when the orchestra strummed the tunes to the title track of shah rukh khan-starrer baadshah, the audience roared in excitement.
the cultural festival was inaugurated by actor salman khan on saturday while union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari presided.
playback singer sudesh bhosle and some legislators were present.
khan made a brief appearance and presented main hoon hero tera to lift the audiences excitement.
tan tana tan tan tan tara turned out to be the most eagerly awaited number the fans wanted abhijeet to perform.
to keep them yearning for their demand, the singer kept teasing them with some his hits and joked nau se bara karna shayad allowed nahi hai (staying out from nine to twelve might not be allowed).
abhijeet said he had a chance to savour some homemade kachoris at gadkaris residence earlier in the day and jestingly offered some to his band members.
the anecdote served as a running joke throughout the performance.
musafir and o majhi re were a tribute by abhijeet to kishore kumar .
many singers had tried to copy kishore das style of singing and were successful because music producers wanted that in the 1980s.
i, on the other hand, failed to copy the legend but went on singing in my own way.
glad it worked out, the singer said.
the audience perhaps connected best with the singer when he pointed out the thrill of a live musical performance.
i dont believe playing recorded music in a live concert as it does give justice to the audience.
musicians may make a few mistakes while performing live but it shows their respect for their audience, said abhijeet.
this story is from november 3, 2018pm modidownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: the 83km kundli-manesar stretch of the kmp expressway will be inaugurated on november 10 by prime minister narendra modi through a remote control from his office in delhi.
another inaugural programme will be held in kundli , where chief minister manohar lal khattar will be the chief guest.
apart from the event in kundli, inaugural programmes will be held at all six toll plazas on the expressway and cabinet ministers of different states will be the chief guests there.
the expressway was scheduled to be inaugurated on haryana diwas on november 1, but had to be put off for later as the pm was not available for the event.
we have received a directive from the chief ministers office to start preparations for the inauguration of the expressway on november 10, said a senior official privy to the developments.
the kundli-manesar stretch, once functional, will divert a significant volume of traffic, especially trucks, from delhi, reducing congestion on its roads and pollution levels.
the state government is under pressure to open the expressway soon in a bid to bring down the number of vehicles that passes through delhi.
launched in 2006, the expressway is being built at a cost of rs 1,863 crore.
it was supposed to be completed by 2009, but missed several deadlines.
the expressway has eight small and six big bridges, four railway over bridges and 34 underpasses.
the total length of the expressway is 135km, of which the manesar-palwal stretch was inaugurated by union minister nitingadkari gadkari last year.
sources in hsiidc said some of the work on the kmp expressway was pending, but expressed hope that the work would be finished at the earliest.
there is still some work pending, such as installation of street lights and slant protection work.
it will take another 30-45 days to complete them, said a hsiidc official.
this story is from october 23, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the state government has started implementing the rs21,222 crore special package to clear backlog of vidarbha, marathwada and northern maharashtra announced in the monsoon session held in the city.
it has released rs8,145 crore to complete 66 minor, two medium, and one major irrigation projects in six suicide-prone districts of vidarbha.
the states planning department issued a notification clearing 89 types of works under the package on saturday.
the office of divisional commissioner and collector received copies of the notification on monday.
under the package, majority (63.
24 ) funds of rs13,422 crore have been allocated for completing 83 minor, six medium and major irrigation projects of vidarbha, marathwada and northern maharashtra, which that will irrigate 2,56,224 hectare agriculture land.
under the package, the state had give administrative approval and its major share of 75 .
the centre will bear only 25  share.
finance and planning minister sudhir mungantiwar told toi national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has approved a loan to bear states share of 75  amounting to rs13,422 crore.
this has been allocated for completing irrigation projects under the package.
the package will definitely clear backlog of vidarbha to a great extent.
there is no paucity of funds for vidarbhas development, he said.
mungantiwar added power subsidy scheme, including exemption from paying fuel adjustment scheme (fac), to industries of vidarbha and marathwada has been extended for two years under the package.
allocation of rs2,500 crore has been made for this.
right from suicide-prone districts to tribal dominated districts, all have been given importance under the package.
a new dairy development board with 1,100 acre in gadchiroli is part of the package, he said.
mungantiwar also said self-employment and other sources of income for farmers is the need of the hour for vidarbha farmers.
several projects in this regard have been made available in the package, he said.
data with vidarbha irrigation development corporation (vidc) shows rs8,145 crore will help complete 66 minor irrigation projects, of which 18 are in amaravti, 7 in akola, 18 in washim, 14 in yavatmal, 8 in buldana, and 1 in wardha districts.
also, two medium irrigation projects  purna barrage-ii and gomshi of akola district, and jigaon major irrigation project of buldana district will also be completed.
farmers leader vijay jawandiya said backlog of vidarbha and marathwada cannot be cleared with this package.
condition of farmers has become very bad with severe variations in climatic conditions.
farmers with four or less acres land have faced a loss of rs50,000 each in current kharip season.
this package does not cover this loss.
the state is yet to declare drought and already farmers condition has worsened.
then what is the meaning of this package?
some 80  farmers not covered under pm crop insurance scheme.
those covered under it are not getting any compensation.
any package should be implemented considering current conditions.
already, governments claims of loan waiver scheme have turned false, he said.
as per the notification, collectors of each district will have to complete the works in current and next fiscal.
mungantiwar will regularly review the package implementation.
this story is from november 7, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: ncp legislators are likely to raise controversial us tour of mayor nanda jichkar in state legislative assembly as well as council in the state legislatures winter session to be organized between november 19 and 30 at mumbai.
ncp mla from erandol, annasaheb dr satish bhaskarrao patil and mlc from mumbai, hemant takle have submitted legislative assembly questions (laq) in this regard.
toi, on september 16, had exposed how jichkar took her younger son  priyash  along with her on an official us tour, describing him as private secretary to the mayor in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc).
the nmc has received laqs of the two legislators.
nmc sources told toi that the civic body is preparing to submit replies with the state government.
legislators raised three questions in laqs.
first question is whether jichkar took her son along on an official us tour.
second asks whether tour of jichkar and her son was sponsored by the nmc.
third question is whether jichkar went on 11 foreign tours on nmc money despite the civic body being in cash-strapped condition, sources said.
jichkar, along with priyash, had gone to the us to attend global climate action summit and board meeting of global covenant of mayors for climate and energys (gcom), international alliance of city networks and their members committed to raising the global ambition for climate action, at san francisco, california in september.
gcom had sponsored the tour.
on the request of jichkar, new delhi-based iclei had asked gcom to sponsor priyashs tour in the capacity of personal secretary to the mayor.
following tois report, bjp legislators from the city had requested union minister nitingadkari gadkari and cm devendra fadnavis to ask jichkar to resign and replace with new one.
five mlas from the city too had submitted names for replacement of jichkar with the two ministers.
gadkari and fadnavis are yet to take decision.
toi, on october 29, had also exposed jichkar split works into parts under mayor fund to avoid tendering process violating the norms and despite objections from nandalal committee.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: cm devendra fadnavis announced on saturday that paddy farmers will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal over the msp of rs 1,700 this season.
till last year, the bjp-sena government had given a bonus of rs 200 per quintal.
last month, state congress president ashok chavan had demanded that the government declare a bonus of rs 800 per quintal.
recently, mp, chhattisgarh jharkhand too declared bonuses on paddy.
fadnavis announced the hike at a programme held at paddy-dominated sakoli in bhandara district .
he, along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari , performed bhoomi puja and inaugurated works worth rs 519 crore at the programme.
previous governments gave bonuses on paddy before polls.
our government gave rs 200 per quintal bonus every year.
now, the farmers want the bonus hiked to rs 300 per quintal, but we will increase it to rs 500 per quintal, the cm said.
fadnavis added that the plan to complete gosikhurd irrigation project in the next one and a half years is ready.
the project will irrigate 50,000 hectare land.
our government has given the highest funds for vidarbha's development in the last four and a half years.
road works of over 50,000km have been approved, he said.
fadnavis said lease will not be recovered for fishing in lakes smaller than 500 ha in bhandara and gondia .
a lease of rs 600 will be levied for lakes between 500 and 1,000 ha and rs 900 for lakes more than 1,000 ha.
moreover, the lease for fishing will be given to associations of fisheries only, he said.
bio-fuel including ethanol will be produced from paddy waste and will be used in flying planes, he said.
this story is from november 25, 2018amit mitra (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citykolkata: the kolkata port trust is likely to appoint within a week a consultant to draw out a comprehensive plan for freeing up and urbanising more than 300 acres of prime land in kolkata estimated to cost between rs 10,000 and rs 12,000 crore.
senior kopt officials told toi on saturday that the planned development would replicate the model being followed in mumbai to unlock 1,800 acres of real estate on the citys eastern waterfront.
the total amount of port land to be freed up for development in bengal will be 1,000 acres, valued at rs 18,000-20,000 crore.
kopt has 2,000 acres of land in and around the city and in haldia.
this property can be divided into three types: entirely operational, semi-operational and non-operational.
logistics hub on the cards?
kopt consultant chosen, to be named in a weekkopt chairman vinit kumar, speaking on the sidelines of a logistics symposium organized by the confederation of indian industry, told toi that the consultant had been chosen for identifying the quantum of non-operational land, but its name would be announced a week later.
we are now in a position to appoint a consultant within a week to identify all the non-operational land.
we will appoint another consultant later for waterfront development, he added.
state finance and industries minister amit mitra , who was at the same cii event, said he had sounded out union surface transport and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari on the issue and the latter had evinced interest.
we may have a logistics hub and other things, mitra said.
about 1,800 acres, part of mumbais eastern waterfront, is set to be developed; the land is likely to accommodate a mix of port operations, as well as space for business, office, commercial and retail activities, entertainment, community projects and convention centres.
a clearer picture of how kolkatas project shapes up will be available in six months.
there may be a logistics hub and a tourism complex among other things.
but some of our nonoperational land in the hyde road-taratala belt was given on lease earlier.
all this will have to be taken into account, kumar said.
kopt has large land holdings in areas around burdwan road, remount road, strand road, chetla and kidderpore, most of it being prime real estate.
pioneer property management chairman and managing director jitendra khaitan estimated that the price of these land parcels could be between rs 15 crore and rs 75 crore per acre, depending on the location.
this story is from october 30, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citykochi: the union minister for shipping, road transport & highways, water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister pinarayi vijayan will lay the foundation stone for the dry dock at cochin shipyard on tuesday.
the dry dock will give an impetus to make in india and raise indias share in global shipbuilding to two percent from 0.
66  .
the commercial shipbuilding industry in india is worth rs 3,200 crore and focuses primarily on small-medium sized offshore vessels and cargo/bulk carriers.
at present, cochin shipyard has two dry docks, one predominantly used for ship building and the other for ship repair.
the new dry dock being constructed at a cost of rs 1,799 crore will be 310 m long, 75m wide, with a depth of 13 m and draught of 9.
5m.
according to cochin shipyard officials the dry dock will them to build specialized and technologically advanced large vessels like lng carriers, drill ships, jack up rigs, large dredgers, aircraft carriers for indian navy and highend research vessels.
the project is slated to be completed by may 2021and generate employment opportunities for about 2,000 people.
two 500 capacity passenger vessels built by csl for andaman and nicobar islands administration will also be launched on the occasion.
these vessels will help enhance intra island connectivity.
this story is from february 12, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pimpri chinchwad: corporators of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) have put forward a very specific demand in case the party entered an alliance with the shiv sena for the upcoming lok sabha elections: shrirang barne, shiv senas maval mp, not be given a nomination from the constituency this time.
around 50 to 60 corporators of the bjp from pimpri and chinchwad assembly constituencies, which are part of the maval lok sabha constituency, signed a memorandum that was submitted to union minister nitingadkari gadkari in chinchwad on sunday.
barne is the second shiv sena mp to be elected from the maval constituency, which was formed before the 2009 lok sabha elections.
he had defeated laxman jagtap, who was the candidate of the peasants and workers party (pwp).
since 2014, barne has held positions as member of various important committees  including the standing committee on defence, the consultative committee of the ministry of road transport and highways and shipping, and the parliamentary committee on official language.
jagtap, meanwhile, joined the bjp to become the president of the partys pimpri chinchwad unit.
he also went on to become the chinchwad mla after winning the 2014 assembly elections.
jagtap is now the bjp front-runner for candidature from the maval lok sabha constituency.
the majority of bjp corporators from chinchwad and pimpri assembly constituencies too are jagtap loyalists.
pune: electric-mobility is a tsunami coming at us and the government should not mandate any date for electric vehicles, abhay firodia, chairman, force motors, said on wednesday.
calling for a collaborative effort, firodia said, do not mandate that everything must be electric by xyz date.
as a target, it is very good but each of these have to be made very realisitic and relevant business models.
union minister for roads, transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari, recently threatened to bulldoze those in the industry who do not shift to an all-electric fleet by 2030.
this has raised the heckles of auto industry captains, who think that the targets are unrealistic.
firodia, while delivering the inaugural address at the international transportation electrification conference, said, what you make by the way of electro mobility must be appreciated by the customer, profitable for the manufacture and there should be economic merit in it.
he said it will take at least three decades for india to have a fully electric fleet, but the country must be prepared for it in the next 15 years.
if used well, he said, it will help the country regain lost grounds in the auto industry space.
this new tsunami that is coming our way is probably another chance for the nation.
as a country, we can become makers of high-calibre technology of electric vehicles, firodia, also the president of society of indian automotive manufacturers (siam), said.
he said the automotive industry must seize this opportunity, but work in a calibrated and collaborative way.
we need not be in a defensive mode.
we have to be in an aggressive mode to be able to do it well.
for this, a long-term vision is necessary and that vision has to be defined not by the government alone but by the government, scientific establishments and industry together, he said.
firodia said siam will soon come out with a white paper detailing how electrification of transportation sector can be achieved.
i am concerned that the pressure to bring in electro mobility should not result in a situation where people start saying let us import, assemble and sell.
that would be a disaster, he added.
this story is from january 8, 2019mns chief raj thackeraydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: mns chief raj thackeray is busy visiting the whos who of society to invite them to the wedding of his son, amit, on january 27.
the first to receive the invitation card was lord ganesh at siddhivinayak temple, where thackeray and his wife, sharmila, sought the blessings of the deity in prabhadevi.
while it is learnt that thackeray would like to visit delhi to invite congress chief rahul gandhi, former pm manmohan singh and union minister nitingadkari gadkari to the wedding here, a person close to the leader said time constraints might not permit it.
he has decided not to visit more than 10 guests for a personal invitation, the insider said.
thackeray has already met his cousins, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and jaydev thackeray, ncp president sharad pawar, industrialist ratan tata and historian babasaheb purandare.
melody queen lata mangeshkar and her singer sister asha bhosale, batting maestro sachin tendulkar, and screenwriters javed akhtar and salim khan are on the guest list.
thackeray, a politician and cartoonist, counts personalities from the art, sport and business world among his friends, besides men of letters.
amit and his long-time girlfriend, mitali, daughter of bariatric surgeon sanjay borude, got engaged in a low-key ceremony last month.
this story is from december 28, 2018arvind kejriwaldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: chief minister arvind kejriwal on thursday praised union highways and water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari for showering more love on the delhi government than maybe on his own partymen.
speaking at an event attended by a couple of bjp ministers and delhi mps, kejriwal said he hoped the aap dispensation would have the same working relations with the centre that it shared with the bjp leader.
gadkari has never made us feel that he belongs to a rival party.
i dont know about others, but the way he has showered love on us, i dont think the bjp people have got that much love.
.
.
the spirit in which we have gathered here together, the spirit in which we have worked with gadkari sahab, i hope we get to work with the centre in the same spirit, the chief minister said.
this is not the first time when the two leaders have come together for development works, keeping aside the political issues.
kejriwal has attended several meetings at transport bhawan for road rojects and works relating cleaning of yamuna.
kejriwal also said the laying of foundation stone of projects under phase-iii of the yamuna action plan was an important step for the federal structure of the country.
post elections, no matter what party is in power in a state or at the centre, both parties should work together and ensure people get the development they voted for, he said.
this story is from january 17, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: in a u-turn of sorts, the state government has told the supreme courts centrally empowered committee (cec) that upgrading the meter gauge railway line to broad gauge through the 2,768 sqkm melghat tiger reserve (mtr) will not be feasible.
it has added that some positive steps need to be taken to save the reserve.
as per the latest estimates there are 45-50 tigers in mtr.
submitting its reply to the cec on wednesday during the hearing on two separate petitions filed by environment lawyer manish jeswani from akot and prasad khale of conservation action trust (cat), mumbai, the government has urged cec to adjudicate on the issue and find out some positive solution in the interest of wildlife.
the government reply states that akot wildlife division, through which the railway line passes, has been completely made inviolate by relocating 18 villages by following all provisions and the aim with which the line was laid no more serves the purpose.
referring to the railway reply, it said that the proposed gauge conversion through mtr will involve construction of 6 major and 58 minor bridges, 49 sharp curves, 2 major tunnels.
the 360 metre talai and 560 metre wan tunnels will need blasting with suitable explosives and deployment of heavy machinery.
this will not be in the interest of the tiger reserve.
the state also said that railways have submitted that it does not attract forest (conservation) act, 1980 under the right of way (row).
but moefcc on december 5, 2017 has clarified that since the row is part of the critical tiger habitat (cth), fca will be applicable.
the petitioners made 13 respondents.
barring railway officials, all others were present.
the two-hour hearing was conducted by chairman pv jaykrishnan, member-secretary amarnath shetty, and members mahendra vyas, sk patnayak, and mk mutthu.
maharashtra was represented by apccf & field director ms reddy and member-secretary of state of biodiversity board a ashraf.
ntca member-secretary ak nayak and others were also present.
the next hearing is slated to be held on january 31 and forest department has been told to submit a detailed fact sheet.
sources said the cec has decided to issue a notice to the railway board.
congress mla from buldhana harshawardhan sapkal says, the 176km akola-khandwa railway line, of which 39km passes through mtr should be constructed on the alternative route as it will benefit over 2.
50 lakh people instead of over 6,000 if is goes from inside.
in 2008-09, the railway board had sanctioned rs1,421.
25 crore for track renewal of akola-khandwa meter gauge under the uni-gauge policy.
the stalled issue hogged limelight when bjp government came to power in the state and centre.
a working group was constituted on september 11, 2015 by ntca on the issue which recommended that alternative alignment should be taken and if at all it is not possible than the project was recommended with mitigation measures to be suggested by the wildlife institute of india (wii), dehradun.
wii has still not submitted a plan.
on april 5, 2016 the state wildlife board (swbl) too recommended the project despite a no from the field director.
the national board for wildlife (nbwl) in its 40th meeting on january 3, 2017 cleared the project subject to mitigation measures subject to suggestions from ntca.
after the nbwl recommendation, moefcc constituted an experts working group which conducted a field visit between august 14-17, 2017 and submitted a report in december 2017 stating that alternative alignment should be taken.
the issue of stalled upgradation snowballed after highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and railway minister piyush goyal at a meeting in delhi on june 18 last year gave the go-ahead for the project as railways did not need any clearances.
accordingly, sc jain, executive director (works), railway board, on june 19 issued letter asking south central railway (scr) to expedite work on the project.
this was despite ntca 2017 report stating, though economic growth is important for alleviating poverty and for bringing all-round development, protected areas (pas) are required for even more crucial ecological and environment security of the country.
this story is from november 12, 2018(representative image)download the times of india news app for latest cityghaziabad: three youths, barely out of school , took to petty crimes to allegedly fulfill their desires to hang out in malls, eat pizzas & burgers, and wear expensive apparel.
their colourful life, however, did not last long as they landed in police net on sunday.
the three used to lift vehicles and rob mobile phones in indirapuram and seemapuri area in delhi.
the police have identified the youths as nonu alias chaitanya (18), hritik alias golu (18) and nitingadkari (20).
nonu, whose father works in a private firm in vaishali, lived in nyay khand i of indirapuram.
he had passed the class 12 examinations from a private school in phase ii area of noida this year.
hritik, whose father is a driver, is a student of class 12 in a private school in indirapuram while nitingadkari had been working as an apprentice in his fathers grocery shop after completing class 12 a couple of years ago.
hritik and nitingadkari lived in makanpur area of indirapuram.
the police have recovered a santro car, stolen by the men from seemapuri, apart from eight two-wheelers and a mobile phone that had been stolen from indirapuram.
of the eight two-wheelers, the men had stolen a scooter from mandawali in delhi and a motorcycle from indirapuram.
the men used to keep on changing the locations of where they kept the stolen vehicles in quick succession to avoid detection until they found customers offering the right prices.
we have returned four of the stolen items to their owners .
the men were active only in the recent past and this is the first time they have fallen in the police net, said ravi kumar, additional sp.
the men were booked under four different firs in indirapuram police station and sent to judicial custody on sunday.
this story is from january 1, 2019transport minister pratap singh khachariyawas being greeted after taking charge at secretariat on monday.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur: cabinet minister for transport pratap singh khachariyawas who assumed office on monday at the states secretariat said he will use bicycle to commute to his office once in a week to give one hour to the nation and his health .
he said his idea is to get in touch with the common man on the road in order to know and address their problems.
khachariyawas, the nephew of stalwart bharion singh shekhawat was welcomed by garlands and his supporters also clicked selfie with him.
firstly, i have decided that i am going to give one hour for my nation and my health by using bicycle once in a week to commute from my sodala situated home to my office.
this will enable me to remain grounded and listen to the people who have elected me.
the effort will also help me to be healthy, khachariyawas said in an interview with toi at his office.
when asked what would be his plan to facilitate rsrtc and safeguard rights and interests of public and the employees since he had supported the rsrtc employees unions while they were on strikes at various occasions as a transport minister he said, previous government had left no stone unturned to ensure it gets closed down.
firstly let me assure the employees and their families that we will ensure it should run with the pace it used to run.
having said that, i am also of the opinion that those who are legally plying with permits should not be discouraged.
for rsrtc i will sit back with the authorities with open mind and try to build a good revenue model and ensure timely subsidy from the government side to the corporation.
however, khachariyawas lambasted nitingadkari gadkari , union road and transport minister for not being able to complete the pending work of construction of bridges etc.
on jaipur-delhi highway.
i am going to pursue it very seriously.
who is responsible for deaths on this highway?
he had promised to complete it but work is still in progress, he added.
the minister also assured that illegal plying of trucks or any corruption in rto or other offices wont be tolerated.
let me assure you that any kind of corruption would be dealt with seriously.
also, we will review the routes where rsrtc buses are not getting passengers and lok parivahan sewa is getting good load.
we will also fix the accountability of the operating staff of lok parivahan sewa for passengers security and safety, he added.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari is confident that once national highways authority of indias (nhais) inter-modal station (ims) project is complete, ajni will become the best railway station in the country.
addressing a function at the main railway station, he said that his ministry had sanctioned rs1,200 crore for it and the tenders would be floated on tuesday.
this was reported by toi in its saturday edition.
the architect has prepared an excellent design for developing the ims.
it will integrate rail, road and metro and the latter would direct connectivity to the airport.
its a unique project in the country, said the minister.
earlier, he flagged off the itwari-kelod passenger through remote control.
gauge conversion of nagpur-chhindwada section is going ahead at full pace and 47 kilometre of it has been completed till kelod.
this stretch was also dedicated to people by the minister.
the minister also inaugurated the new linke-hofmann-busch (lhb) coaches that will be used in nagpur-mumbai duronto, mumbai-nagpur duronto, ahmedabad-nagpur prerna express, nagpur-ahmedabad prerna express and nagpur-jaipur express and jaipur-nagpur express.
the air-conditioning in these coaches is of higher capacity and is controlled by a microprocessor.
it has modular interiors that integrate lighting into ceiling and luggage racks with wider windows.
there are many more special features of these coaches.
these coaches are completely made in india.
the escalators at platform numbers 2/3 and 4/5 were inaugurated by gadkari.
this will greatly help senior citizens and handicapped persons in reaching these platforms.
a 100 feet high flag mast was inaugurated by gadkari in front of nagpur railway station.
the size of national flag hoisted on it is 30 feet by 20 feet.
lighting has been installed to make it visible during night.
the minister expressed confidence that inauguration of nagpur metro would take place this month.
the phase-ii of the metro has been cleared by the state government and will be approved by the central government soon.
broad gauge metro will allow people of nearby towns to commute to nagpur fast and they would not be required to travel by slow passenger trains, he said.
he also said that khapri and godhni stations would be developed.
representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: with code of conduct for lok sabha elections likely to come into force from march first week, the tendering process for execution of decades-old proposal of kelibagh and old bhandara road widening projects has been started.
it has been done probably to pave way for bhoomipuja before code of conduct, and commencement of works during election period.
instead of nagpur municipal corporation (nmc), the states public works department (pwd) will execute the two projects.
pwd has been selected over nmc as it has got funds for works approved under the central governments central road fund, and also ensure speedy execution and completion.
pwd has issued tender for old bhandara road widening project on february 22, and for kelibagh road widening project some days ago.
the estimated cost of old bhandara road works is 55.
63 crore, and rs46.
60 crore for kelibagh road works.
pwd has allotted 18 months to complete the two projects.
the contractors will be responsible for maintenance of the two roads for 10 years.
the two roads will be cement concrete roads, with road-divider and footpath too part of the projects.
city mp and union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari had approved rs200 crore for works of two projects.
chief minister devendra fadnavis had approved 70  of rs332.
76 crore required for acquisition of land for the two projects under the state governments maharashtra golden jubilee urban renewal mega mission.
only issue left for the two projects is acquisition of private properties.
former mayor and corporator pravin datke, who has been pursuing the projects for last two years, told toi nmc has started purchasing private properties for kelibagh road project.
process to get private properties on old bhandara road will start soon, he said.
datke added the two projects will ease traffic congestion in central nagpur to a great extent.
also, the two roads will establish good connectivity between central nagpur and south, east nagpur.
projects could be completed only due to gadkari and fadnavis approving funds, he said.
the district administration had given possession of 39 of total 90 nazul plots for old bhandara road project.
possession of part of five nmc buildings, structures on 15 nit leasehold plots, three temples and 332 private buildings is awaited.
for kelibagh road project, nmc had demolished its administrative building and shopping complex.
it needs to acquire parts of around 130 private properties.
nmc had proposed to widen old bhandara road from mayo hospital to sunil hotel at lakadganj in 1957.
the plan is to widen the road from existing 4-9 meter road to 18 meters.
the project got momentum due to petitions filed in the high court in 2009.
kelibagh road widening project from gandhi putla square to lashkaribagh road was proposed in 2001.
the road will be widened from existing 15 meter to 24 meter.
this story is from december 6, 2018picture for representational purpose only.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: the state government has handed over the entire stretch of dwarka expressway in gurugram to the national highways authority of india (nhai), barring a small but significant portion where land is yet to be acquired.
the handover of land means construction of the expressways 18.
9km portion in gurugram can now begin, almost 11 years after the ambitious project was first announced.
however, till a 1.
5km portion near kherki daula village is acquired, dwarka expressway cannot be linked with nh-8 even if work progresses smoothly on the rest of the road.
that is because this portion is needed to build two cloverleafs for traffic between the two highways.
so, effectively, what nhai now has is a chunk of the road in the middle without either ends connected  the other side, in delhi, does not have forest clearance.
on wednesday, the delhi government assured union highways minister nitingadkari gadkari of expediting the process for granting the forest clearance, removing the hurdle for starting work on the expressways stretch falling in their jurisdiction.
newly appointed chief secretary vijay dev said they would look into the issues flagged by the forest department and would resolve them quickly, said a source.
gadkari, who was chairing a meeting on projects related to cleaning of the yamuna , had called road secretary ys malik for a brief discussion on the issue.
recently, the pmo had held a meeting, where it was decided that nhai would seek forest clearance and permission for cutting trees, from the delhi government.
nhai is leant to have already submitted the applications.
the entire dwarka expressway has been divided in four packages with the third and the fourth falling in gurugram.
last week, huda handed over the 9km stretch between the delhi-gurugram border and basai (third package) to nhai.
finally, on tuesday, it transferred 7.
37km stretch  out of the 8.
77km between basai and kherki daula (fourth package)  to the central agency.
however, huda is yet to acquire the remaining 1.
5km portion, which has a building, two factories and some trees, due to some legal hurdles.
and, a speedy solution appears unlikely as the litigation is still on.
sources said there were a few other minor hurdles, but those would be removed by the end of this month.
officials said nhai would take over the gurugram leg of the expressway by monday, following which larsen & toubro (the agency hired by nhai for the project) would begin construction.
according to officials, the work is expected to begin by december-end.
this story is from november 21, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the nagpur universitys (nu) plans to hold two convocations in a calendar year have come undone after it couldnt land a suitable chief guest for the 106th ceremony.
the 105th convocation was held in march this year and the administration initially had planned to hold the next ceremony before the winter exam, which started in october.
to make it a historic event, the top brass had been hobnobbing with city mp nitingadkari gadkari to get countrys richest man mukesh ambani or industrial czar ratan tata as the chief guest during the 95-year-old universitys convocation.
for them, the organization of the event was pushed to october-november.
however, both of them expressed regret as ambani is busy with his daughters marriage while tata was abroad during the period.
the convocation couldnt be held in december too as vice chancellor sp kane himself would be in the united states during that period.
the vc would be returning in late december and therefore the ceremony is likely to be held in january.
we have sought his consent but the dignitary is yet to confirm.
except three days, all dates in january are okay for us.
so, most probably it will be held in that month only, kane told toi, without divulging the name.
the way the planning has gone for a toss, the exam section officials have heaved a sigh of relief.
it would have been over-burdened with processing the merit and medal list as well as the conduction of over 1,000 exams of winter at one time.
in march, the 105th convocation was scheduled just at the start of several summer exams.
the plan to hold two convocations was made to regularize the cycle of exams taken to award degrees and avoid clashing of gold medallists.
the decision was taken to basically change the cycle exams taken for awarding degrees and to avoid clash of gold medallists.
last year, the convocation was held for degrees conferred in 2015.
in hindsight, nu realized that in this convocation there would be a repeat of gold medallists of 2016 and 2017.
same category medals cant be given to two students of different yearsin november, the degrees and awards for the academic year 2016 would be conferred while in february those of 2017 would be awarded.
soon after the second convocation the cycle will change from summer and winter to winter and summer.
currently, students appearing in summer and winter exams are conferred that degrees.
soon after summer 2018, the convocation would be held for winter and summer students, he said.
this story is from january 19, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: chief minister edappadi k palaniswami is keeping the bjp guessing on the alliance for the lok sabha polls by fielding his lieutenants to both support and lash out at the saffron party.
while ministers and senior leaders s p velumani and p thangamani have been given the task of keeping the bjp leaders in good humour, giving them hopes of a tie up, another confidante and lok sabha deputy speaker m thambi durai has been assigned the task of hitting out at the bjp at will.
thambidurai may sound like a loose cannon, firing randomly at the bjp.
but there is more to it than what meets the eye.
he has palaniswamis blessings and backing in whatever he does.
what we hear from thambidurai is his masters voice.
one should not ignore the fact that to keep thambidurai in good humour, eps shut doors on a senior rebel leader, who was keen on getting back into the aiadmk, said a senior aiadmk leader.
when former mp k c palaniswamy hit out at the bjp, he was axed from the party, but thambidurais verbal diatribe against the bjp has been repeatedly condoned by the party leadership, said the leader.
edappadi does not want to confront the bjp leadership either.
he is guarded in passing comments about the bjp and its leadership.
his lieutenants velumani and thangamani are in regular touch with bjp leaders like union shipping and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
through sitharaman, they are able to reach out to prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah, whenever there is need, said another leader.
aiadmk coordinator and deputy chief minister o panneerselvam, who maintains a better equation with the bjp leadership, is favourably disposed towards having an electoral truck with the bjp, but he does not call the shots in the aiadmk.
there are very few among the party leaders who subscribe to opss line and accept his leadership.
palaniswami, who is panneerselvams deputy in the party hierarchy, is the de facto party chief and only his writ runs in the party.
majority of ministers, party district secretaries and other functionaries are palaniswami loyalists.
edappadi wants to keep both options  with or without the bjp - open till the elections are announced, said a senior party functionary.
a vast majority of party functionaries feel a tie up with the bjp would be a liability for the dravidian major because except in kanyakumari district, the national party is not a power to reckon with anywhere else in tamil nadu.
its influence has diminished in coimbatore, which had elected c p radhakrishnan as bjp mp to the lok sabha in 1998 and 1999.
on the contrary, the aiadmk would end up alienating all minority votes if it ties up with the bjp.
the aiadmk leadership, however, is keen on roping in regional parties like the pmk and the dmdk into its fold.
nitin gadkari (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
meerut: in his whirlwind tour weeks before elections are announced, union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stones of highway projects worth rs 11,595 crore in west up.
on wednesday, gadkari visited three districts  moradabad meerut and baghpat  to announce mega projects and promising waterways in yamuna and ganga apart from 12-hour journey from delhi to mumbai through rs 1 lakh crore highway project passing through five states.
besides, the union minister for road transport & highways, shipping and water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation, assured the completion of the much-awaited delhi-meerut expressway by april end which will reduce the travel time between delhi and meerut to 45 minutes.
he was accompanied by deputy cm of up keshav prasad maurya who urged the gatherings to get at least 73 seats in the forthcoming general elections.
while promising waterway transport and six dams in himachal pradesh and uttarakhand, gadkari touched upon pakistan as well.
when india was divided, six rivers were also equally divided and the water of our rivers is going into pakistan.
we will bring it back and use it to our benefit.
the major projects he unveiled during his visit were 50-km-long four-laning of garh mukteshwar road to meerut worth rs 1,500 crore.
six-laning of nh 24 from hapur bypass to moradabad costing rs 2,140 crore, broadening of meerut-sonipat-baghpat road and four-laning of meerut to najibabad (53.
95 kms) worth rs 1,022 crore.
he also advised sugarmill owners to produce more ethanol instead of sugar.
if you make sugar youll go down in the dumps.
make more ethanol by installing diffusers instead of building new sugarmills.
besides, he also sanctioned three sewage treatment plants (stp) for rs 214 crore to prevent sewage disposal into kali river which is contributing to diseases in many villages in meerut.
this story is from january 17, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune : the pune metropolitan region development authority (pmrda) will need to compensate nearly 10,000 property owners for the construction of the first 32km stretch  satara road to ahmednagar road  of the proposed 128km ring road.
the pmrda has acquired 24  of the land  in kadambavasti, wagholi and vadachiwadi  for the stretch.
it would need to acquire the remaining 76  of the land to get the central government sanctions for the commencement of work.
only after that will the tendering process begin, said the officials.
last year, union road and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had directed pmrda to acquire at least 80  of land for the proposed project before seeking sanctions from the national highways authority of india (nhai).
the land acquisition cost for the first stretch is pegged at rs518, and the pmrda has allocated rs300 crore.
the authority will have to opt for a direct purchase model for nearly 10km of the 32km length of the road.
town planning scheme compensation is likely to be implemented from wagholi to vadachiwadi and from vadachiwadi to katraj.
the compensation would be depend on the type of land.
we have initiated talks with the landowners.
they will be compensated as per the land acquisition act and proposed town planning schemes as per the mhalunge town planning model.
landowners will have to surrender 50  of their land to get 50  developed land in return, said a senior official of the pmrda.
we have completed talks with 85  of the citizens along this stretch.
the landowners approve of the ring road provided they are offered a good compensation, other pmrda officials said.
the ring road proposes to connect six national highways  mumbai-pune (nh-48), pune-nashik (nh-60), pune-ahmednagar (nh-753f), pune-solapur (nh-65), pune-saswad-palkhi marg (nh-965) and pune-bangalore (nh-48)  that pass through the pune metropolitan region.
this story is from january 28, 2019<p>girish chodankar<br></p>download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: the union ministry of roads, transport and highways (morth) should foot the entire bill for the cable-stayed mandovi bridge since it is part of nh17, the congress party said here on sunday.
goa congress leaders girish chodankar and chandrakant kavlekar alleged that massive irregularities had taken place during the construction of the bridge, including the possibility of senior bjp leaders receiving kickbacks.
basic necessities of the state are still unmet and the state, instead of using money to reduce water shortage and resolve garbage management, has spent crores of rupees on a bridge that is part of the national highway network, said chodankar.
let nitingadkari gadkari (morth minister) pay for the entire bridge.
the party further alleges that a relative of the chief minister was given the contract to supply lamp posts and light fixtures for the bridge with the cost being inflated.
this story is from october 22, 2018new delhi: less than one-third of the municipal solid waste generated in the 97 cities and towns along ganga is processed, posing a major challenge to clean the river.
the urban affairs ministry has proposed to focus on segregating wet and dry waste to deal with the crisis rather than waiting for new waste processing plants to be ready.
the ministry recently shared the details of the sold waste generated in these cities during a presentation before water resources and ganga rejuvenation minister nitingadkari gadkari .
according to the ministry data, about 11,625 tonnes of solid waste is generated from cities and towns along the river.
west bengal has the maximum share of generating about 6,132 tonnes of waste per day, more than half of the total municipal refuse.
up has the second highest share of 3,275 tonnes of garbage generated daily while bihar generates about 15  of the total solid waste.
data show that west bengal has been lagging behind in comparison to other four states through which ganga passes.
the state government is yet to prepare the detailed project reports for processing 4,884 tonnes of garbage while the existing plants can treat only 653 tonnes of municipal waste per day.
the urban affairs ministry has proposed decentralised composting of wet waste in these cities and towns, which will take care of about 40-60  of the total municipal refuse generated daily.
ghaziabad: a 24-year-old constable was killed as a car, allegedly being driven by drunk revellers during holi , rammed into his motorcycle in meerut on friday.
the constable, himanshu, was posted at modinagar police station in ghaziabad.
according to police, himanshu was on official duty when he met with the accident.
he was riding a royal enfield motorcycle and was on his way to deliver summons to a person when the accident took place near mawana khurd police outpost on meerut-bijnor road in meerut.
witnesses told police that a wagonr moving on the wrong side of the road and at a very high speed crashed into the motorcycle head on.
from the impact of the collision, it is clear that the wagonr was driving on the wrong side.
the front right side of the car has been completely damaged.
we found empty beer bottles, a liquor bottle, disposable plastic cups, mineral water bottles and holi colours inside the wagonr, himanshus elder brother, nitingadkari , told toi.
the police have seized the wagonr, which bears a delhi registration number.
the accident took place around 10am on march 2.
himanshu succumbed to his injuries at a private hospital in meerut around 3 pm that day.
according to his family members, he had got the job in lieu of his father, dhara singh, a head constable, who had died while in service in 2009.
an fir has been registered against unidentified persons at mawana police station in meerut under sections 279 (rash driving) and 304a (causing death due to negligence) of ipc.
from the evidence collected, it is clear the car occupants were on a joyride after getting high on alcohol during holi celebrations.
himanshu had told us in his statement that there were three men inside the car.
all of them fled leaving an injured himanshu on the road.
he was rushed to the hospital by local people and cops at the outpost.
we are yet to ascertain the identity of the car occupants, said sho, mawana, brijesh kumar.
in yet another accident involving a policeman, a 32-year-old constable was killed on march 3.
the constable, rajneesh, who was posted at tronica city police station, was cremated on sunday after full state honours at the police lines.
rajneesh was part of a team that had been mobilised on saturday to deal with protesters who had blocked the delhi-saharanpur road alleging unfair probe into a road accident.
rajneesh was rushing to his place of duty on a motorcycle when he lost balance and toppled on to a road divider and suffered head injuries.
he died late on saturday night in a private hospital, sp (rural) arvind maurya said.
nagpur: strains of shehnai filled the air and a small area of the sprawling kasturchand park bustled with activity on saturday as the swish set of the city, including businessmen and professionals, gathered to pay tributes to sir kasturchand daga the occasion was the death centenary of sir daga whose contribution to the city and the region in terms of trade and commerce has been immense.
the flood-lit area was separated into two portions.
one was for the members of daga family and there were 200 of them sporting yellow and cream scarves to distinguish them from others, a spokesperson for the family informed.
the other was for members of the maheshwari samaj to which the dagas belong.
it was around 6.
40pm that cm devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari unveiled and garlanded statue of sir kasturchand daga at the square outside kp.
his vision, spirit of enterprise was beyond factors like cast or religion as it helped people across the society.
this is the first time in its history that nmc has become a part of an event organized to honour a private citizen.
addressing the gathering on the occasion, mayor nanda jichkar said, i salute the vision and effort of sir kasturchand daga for his contribution in developing this city and region.
welcoming the guests on behalf of the daga family, govind daga said the family felt it would only be right to observe the death centenary of sir daga.
i met nitinji who asked me to collaborate with nmc.
i was weary initially but the promptness of the entire nmc machinery took me by surprise.
the alacrity with which the area around the statue of sir daga was cleaned and given a facelift by the municipal commissioner ashwin mudgal is praiseworthy, he said.
daga also drew attention of the chief minister towards the sad condition of the pavilion constructed by sir daga in 1907.
it is in a very bad condition and i request you to please organize its repairs soon and also ensure some security here.
this will give some peace to the soul of my great grandfather, he said.
agreeing with this observation, fadnavis said, the kp ground is a focal point of the city and it should be developed and mantained.
the state government will spend rs 5crore for the development of this park.
daga announced a donation of rs 1 crore by his daughter swarna daga from the family trust which would be used for medical treatment of the poor at daga hospital and also education of the poorest of poor students to help them get higher technical education.
having come to see the origin of various gifts that filled her house back in england , alison varney, the great grand niece of the then governor of central province and berar sir frank sly , said she first visited nagpur in january this year.
reading out portions of the speech that the governor read during the unveiling of the statue back in 1922, varney quoted, sir daga was my very good friend and a selfless entrepreneur who strived for the moral and monetary development of his city.
making an appeal to the mayor, president of the vidarbha industries association atul pandey said that it would be a big tribute to the memory of sir daga if the road outside kp ground be named after him.
on behalf of the vidarbha economic development council, its president devendra parikh requested the mayor to name the road from samvidhan chowk to hislop college after sir daga.
ved will also hold a sir kasturchand daga knowledge series in which prominent bankers will be invited to share their skills with people in nagpur.
president of maheshwari samaj shyam soni also made a demand for a postal stamp to recognize the services of sir daga.
a short film on sir dagas life made by his family was also shown on the occasion.
nagpur: the noga (nagpur orange growers association) company, which has been running in severe financial crisis for the last several decades, will soon get a fresh lease of life with the state governments decision to revive it with a 49  of its stake and 51  by the private sector.
this was announced by cm devendra fadnavis on saturday at the inaugural function of the three-day world orange festival here.
the product of the company like its mouth-watering sauce, jam, jelly and squash can still be found at several government outlets, including army canteens, air india and indian airlines flights.
its revival was first raised by union minister nitingadkari gadkari at the same function.
the cm said that his government will make suitable efforts in reviving the once most prestigious unit of the city and the region.
state agriculture minister pandurang phundkar, who is by default the chairman of maidc (maharashtra agro industries development corporation ltd), told toi the government has already started renovating the industry.
if the cm has announced the nogas revival, we are all for it.
we will initiate immediate efforts in this direction, he said.
katol bjp mla ashish deshmukh was very delighted with the announcement.
my father was the founder president of noga.
he would be happier than me if the unit is revived.
but it is a difficult task.
it can be revived provided the unit is given to a private sector running it on day-to-day basis.
and the government should be a mere partner with 49  stake without any interference, he said.
deshmukh further said the state government should first place its orange policy in place to give shape to such ambitious projects.
sridhar thakre, a director of maha orange , feels noga, a renowned brand, must be revived.
but corporate sector should be involved in it and production should be taken up on commercial lines, he said.
shramjeevi orange farmers producer company director ramesh jichkar believes this should be revived in an integrated form on a ppp mode basis.
nddb to me is the best body to run it successfully.
they already have enough infrastructure and money to do so, he said.
ashok karanjikar, an maidc director, said that the corporation was not aware of fadnaviss announcement yet.
but if the cm has said, it we will do it.
noga was a good brand.
but we are not into retails business.
we prefer institutional sales.
we will raise the issue at the earliest with board of directors, he said.
this story is from november 5, 2018a water pipeline burst in front of sfs school, sadar on sunday.
download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: residents of mamta society, sonegaon, were given new water connections and meters under 24x7 water supply project a year ago.
water bills are also being distributed regularly.
but the residents did not get a single drop of water in the last 12 months clearly exposing improper execution by private operator  orange city water private limited (ocw) and bringing bad name to the nagpur municipal corporations (nmc) ambitious project.
eight residents of mamta society lodged a complaint with the nmc executive engineer, water works department, a couple of days ago.
we were not having household water connections and depended on own wells.
ocw laid household water connections and also installed meters in november last.
we were told that we will be getting 24x7 water supply.
in reality, we are getting water bills only every quarter.
we are yet to get a single drop of water, they said.
the complainants further stated that the bills are issued with zero reading.
we had lodged complaints with the nmc and also ocw twice in the past.
this complaint is the third one.
also, nmc and ocw officials must have come to know about no water supply from the zero readings.
ocw officials visited our area once and assured to resolve the issue soon, but nothing happened till date, they said.
the residents are being issued water bills for rs227 per quarter and also asked to pay it.
all bills raised on us should be set aside.
water supply to our area should be started soon, they demanded.
an nmc official told toi that it was a mistake and negligence on part of the ocw.
i visited the area and also discussed the issue with the ocw staffers.
nagpur improvement trust (nit) or developer of the layout has laid water pipelines.
part of a pipeline is on the premises of one house.
need is to locate the pipeline and place a valve on it.
water supply can be started once the valve is opened.
ocw staffers should have convinced the owner of the house or laid a bypass pipeline, but done nothing.
i have directed the ocw to submit a proposal in this regard soon, he said.
a couple of days ago, at a public event, union minister nitingadkari gadkari had slammed the nmc for the inordinate delay in completing the project.
as per the nmcs data, 48,000 of the total 3.
20 lakh households are getting 24x7 water supply.
the central and state governments deadline to complete the project was march 31, 2012.
the deadline of the nmc and ocw was march 1, 2017.
the only work that is all set to be completed is replacement of old network by the new one.
of the total length of 676.
10km, work has been completed on 609.
66km (90.
17 ) network.
household connections is another component of the project.
of the target of 3.
20 lakh, work has been completed on 1.
75 lakh (54.
75 ).
the delay is likely to increase the projects cost to a great extent.
interestingly, corporators and many of the citizens are not happy with the services in the areas where the project has been completed.
corporators from almost all political parties had complained in the general body meetings about improper execution of the project.
also, the project is marred with allegations of various types of irregularities.
ocw spokesperson did not respond to tois messages and email.
nagpur: the sessions court here on wednesday awarded the rare double death penalty to the murderer of a poor saloon owners son.
the convict was also slapped with rs25,000 fine.
this is only the third double death penalty in vidarbha in the last 5 years.
while announcing the quantum of punishment, additional sessions and district judge shekhar munghate sentenced santosh kalwe to the gallows on two counts of kidnapping and diabolical killing of 11-year-old yash borkar near mihan flyover on june 10, 2013.
he was also awarded seven years rigorous imprisonment for destruction of evidence.
the accused be hanged by neck till he is dead and all his sentences would run concurrently, the judge said in his operative order, before terming it as a fit case to be brought under rarest of rare category.
the court examined 27 witnesses and relied on last seen theory by two children, who saw the accused taking the deceased on his blue bajaj discover motorcycle.
the prosecution, led by special public prosecutor vijay kolhe, successfully proved that the accused kidnapped the child for ransom and brutally stoned him to death.
after his heinous act, he put the body under concrete blocks under the mihan bridge.
four hours after committing the brutal act, kalwe, a resident of malegaon, washim, made four ransom calls under the name of javed khan to deceaseds father nitingadkari , residing near hanuman temple at khapri, demanding rs2 lakh in exchange for his son.
after the poor father lodged a complaint with sonegaon police station on june 10, 2013, they caught hold of the accused based on statements of witnesses.
kalwe, who used to work with a private company, spilt the beans after intense grilling, and took them to the spot where he hid the body.
some 22 injuries were found on the body of the deceased, studying in fifth standard.
the accused, who used to reside near borkars house, lured the boy with chips and soft drinks when the latter was playing with his friends.
he took him to an isolated area near mihan overbridge, and murdered him.
during investigations, the police recovered mud-stained clothes and other material from kalwes home.
the soil samples on his clothes matched the spot where the body was found.
kolhe said, the accused had also duped some youths by promising them jobs, and taken rs20,000 from them.
even sim cards used by him to make ransom calls were found to be bogus.
he is also believed to have performed some rituals after performing the diabolic act, but it could not be proved during the probe.
the judge directed the court registry to submit case proceedings to nagpur bench of bombay high court for confirmation of death penalty as per the crpc.
he further asked the district legal services authority (dlsa) to conduct an enquiry and decide quantum of compensation to be awarded to the borkar family.
this is the third double death penalty in vidarbha in last five years.
the first was by yavatmal sessions court to shatrughan masram for raping and murdering his two-year-old niece on february 11, 2013.
the last one had been to yug chandaks killers on february 2016, which was confirmed by the high court in may 2016.
in the similar case of kush katariya, the court awarded two life terms to the accused, while the hc added third one, which were upheld by the supreme court.
this story is from january 8, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mangaluru: dk mp nalin kumar kateel called on union minister for transport and national highways (morth) nitingadkari gadkari at his official residence in new delhi on monday and had detailed discussion about the national highway projects pertaining to dakshina kannada district.
the minister directed the officers concerned to take urgent action pertaining to following projects of importance to the district.
the projects discussed include speeding up b c road-addahole four-laning and concreting road project.
nalin urged gadkari to ensure that the contractor  l & t - takes up the periodical maintenance work in the interim.
the minister directed the officials to ensure that the remaining work on the talapady-kundapura four-laning and thokkottu-pumpwell flyover by the concessionaire is completed within february and opened for public use.
the mp also stressed on the need for the ministry to insist that the state government initiates at the earliest process for land acquisition for kulashekar-karkala four-lane project as well as for the b c road-kateel-mulki-melkaru-konaje-thokkottu project.
the mp also demanded that the foundation stone for this last mentioned project be laid at the earliest and a time limit fixed for the completion of tender process and initiation of the work.
nalin also demanded that gadkari take steps for early inauguration of talapady-kundapura road.
union minister for statistics and programme implementation d v sadananda gowda, alok deepankar, chief general manager, nhai and other officials were present.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: union minister and bjps firebrand leader giriraj singh on friday said india should end all relations with pakistan, including cricket, in the wake of pulwama terror attack.
singh also lauded his colleague nitingadkari gadkari for his statement that flow of water from india to pakistan under indus valley treaty will be stopped.
till the time pakistan nurtures terrorism on its land, there should be no relation with it at all.
why should there be any sports ties between the two countries when our relations are not good?
there should be no relation with pakistan, whether cultural, sports or economic, giriraj said at nawada, his lok sabha constituency.
india is slated to play pakistan in an icc world cup match in england on june 16.
there has been calls to boycott the match in the aftermath of the pulwama terror attack in which more than 40 crpf personnel were martyred.
meanwhile, rjd chief lalu prasads younger son and leader of opposition in state assembly tejashwi prasad yadav said sports events should not be linked with terrorism.
cricketers play with sportsman spirit.
we strongly condemn pulwama attack and want a befitting reply by government of india, however, its not right to boycott cricket matches, tejashwi, a former member of delhi daredevils team, said.
this story is from february 17, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pandharkawda (yavatmal): reiterating that the security forces have been given full freedom to deal with terrorists and their promoters, pm narendra modi said, be patient and trust our army.
the sacrifice of our soldiers will not go in vain.
two days after the terror attack in pulwama in kashmir that killed 40 crpf personnel, modi addressed a public rally here on saturday morning and virtually launched bjps election campaign in maharashtra.
a country born after india was divided is today a pauper and also synonymous with global terror.
that promoters of terror will be punished, have trust in our security forces, said modi.
in his 30-minute speech, modi presented the progress report and development agenda of his government.
he said that the development at an unprecedented pace witnessed in the last 4.
5 years would not have been possible without the sacrifice of our armed forces.
my government is committed to protect the countrys security and sovereignty, he added.
do you think i have sincerely worked hard and tried my best to fulfil the promises i made to you in 2014, the pm asked the huge gathering.
modi also reeled out the budgetary provisions made for providing rs6,000 annually to small farmers and rs3,000 monthly pension for farmers and workers of the unorganized sector on payment of nominal contribution.
the rally began with a minutes silence by the crowd to the crpf personnel who died in pulwama.
this was followed by the enthusiastic crowd chanting pakistan murdabad and patriotic slogans seeking revenge for the terror strikes.
had you people not given us a strong and unambiguous mandate in 2014, the country would have been stuck in slow progress and slow development.
if you want development at fast pace, all you have to do is to re-elect the bjp, said modi signing off the pre-poll event.
maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao, chief minister devendra fadnavis, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and union minister of state for home hansraj ahir, in whose lok sabha constituency the rally was organized, were present on the dais along with modi.
members of over 3,000 women shgs of yavatmal and chandrapur district were present at the rally besides tribals and farmers from all over the region and also from neighbouring telangana.
gadkari, in his brief eight-minute speech, listed the projects his ministry had undertaken.
because of the accelerated irrigation projects and all aid provided by the centre for fast-paced infrastructure projects, yavatmal district would no longer be known by its earlier label as farm-suicide capital, he said.
fadnavis announced a big hike in the revolving capital for women shgs  from rs60,000 to rs1 lakh  amid loud cheers from the beneficiaries in the crowd.
he said this was the reward for good work by shgs in the state and especially in yavatmal district where repayment rate was 100  of bank loans by the groups.
fadnavis also announced a waiver of khavati karz (nutrition loan) of rs361 loan by the state for kolam tribes of the region.
this story is from february 1, 2019file photo of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: chief minister devendra fadnavis on thursday announced that the maharashtra government will increase the ex gratia that it offers to families of martyrs from 25 lakh to 50 lakh.
fadnavis made this announcement at an event organised by atharva foundation at mmrda grounds at bkc in thursday.
bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari too was present at the event.
these families will also get a land parcel of two acres.
in 2016, the ex gratia was increased from 10 lakh to 25 lakh.
he said that the amount that the government gives under the maharashtra gaurav scheme to soldiers & officers in various categories will also be increased.
an officer who has been conferred with the param veer and ashok chakra will get 60 lakh from 30 lakh.
the monthly remuneration for soldiers under different medal categories will also be increased to rs 16,500 from rs1,320 and also up to rs 33,000 from rs 2500 across different ranges.
bharuch: the work to construct a toll tax collection plaza near the newly built cable-stayed four lane bridge over river narmada in bharuch has come in for criticism.
congress leader ahmed patel in his tweet mentioned that rs379 crore was sanctioned under engineering, procurement and construction (epc) basis for the project by the central government and no tax was to be collected from people.
he tweeted on saturday, shocked to see work on toll booth for bharuch bridge.
upa government had sanctioned this project on epc basis to protect people from the levy of toll tax.
nitin gadkariji, please look into it.
nazu fadwala, congress leader, said: congress will launch a mass movement against this.
this story is from december 22, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union minister for transport and water resources nitingadkari gadkari has been quoted by a news agency that he is not in the race for the prime ministers post after lok sabha elections next year.
when toi tried to contact him on friday, he said he does not want to speak on the issue.
i am happy with the assignment i have and never aspired or asked for more, was his reaction three days after farm activist kishore tiwari sparked a controversy by demanding that gadkari be made bjp president, replacing amit shah, if the party wants to retain power in 2019.
there are indications of an outrage in the bjp over tiwaris view which he reportedly has conveyed to the rss chief mohan bhagwat and his deputy suresh (bhaiyyaji) joshi through separate letters on december 17.
on friday, tiwari told toi he had no regrets on his stand.
it is my personal view.
what has left many aghast is that i went public on an issue that others were afraid to speak out, he said.
a top rss functionary dismissed the tiwari letter episode saying gadkari does not need any outsiders services to put in a word to the rss chief.
bjp sources said no action can be taken against tiwari as he is not the partys primary member.
chief minister devendra fadnavis is of the opinion that it is better to ignore tiwaris political remarks made out of personal compulsions, the sources said.
tiwari said he is not a member of bjp but my father was a full-time rss worker and jan sangh activist and even went to jail under misa during emergency.
he claimed that the demand for change in bjp leadership was the only way to arrest bjps slide in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
coming in the wake of bjps loss in hindi belt states of rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chattisgarh, tiwaris letter had a serious impact in political circles across the country.
more so, because tiwari is chairman of the vasantrao naik shetkari swavalamban mission, a state task force on farm distress which gives him the status of a cabinet minister and weight to his remark.
tiwari is known to be close to gadkari.
he says surveys have been indicating that the bjp may not win a majority in the next general elections.
so, at this juncture a moderate person like gadkari steering the election process would help.
in 2014, all sections of society, including youth, backward classes and muslim women voted for the bjp.
but the modi wave has ebbed now and there is an impression that modi-shah duo was losing as they were seen as arrogant, he said.
there is tremendous rural distress and this reflected in the results of the three states recently.
some hold shah accountable for change of fortunes.
gadkari is more acceptable as he is also sensitive to farmers problems, tiwari explained.
this story is from february 8, 2019nitin gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
dehradun: rss chief mohan bhagwat said here on thursday that union cabinet minister nitingadkari gadkari didnt have a scheming mindset and was satisfied with his present position.
during an interaction with the sangh cadre here on thursday, when the issue of growing perception about gadkaris emergence as an aspirant for the top slot came up for discussion, bhagwat reportedly said that he (gadkari) was a very grounded person and satisfied with where he was right now.
bhagwat also said that gadkari had not spoken to him and it was bjps internal matter, said an rss insider privy to the meeting.
when asked about the ram temple issue, the rss chief exuded confidence that apex court verdict would be favourable.
the court is not any british court but an indian court, he said.
setting an outreach target for the cadre, bhagwat instructed them that at least 15  families from each locality must be brought into the sangh fold.
if there are 2,500 families in a locality, at least 300 of them should be encouraged to get involved with the rss, he reportedly said.
he also said that true muslims shouldnt fear sangh.
the rsss core ideology is patriotism for nation-building, he said.
giving his views on the rss concept of akhand bharat, bhagwat narrated a personal anecdote that when a portion of his finger got crushed in a car door, it was painful but later the rest of the finger became normal.
the portion which got crushed suffered.
similarly the akhand bharat (india) parts  pakistan, bangladesh, nepal and sri lanka  severed through artificial boundaries are suffering.
an rss insider said : answering query that why political parties oppose the rss, bhagwat said that even those who held different or opposite ideology like congress, samajwadi and muslim league have helped rss and do it even now.
in a separate interaction with school principals, bhagwat stressed the need for linking hindi language with patriotism, giving an example of french citizens.
the rss supports hindi as mother tongue.
french citizens even if they can speak english never speak and prefer to speak in their mother tongue.
bhagwat also advocated that the english schools must have morning assembly prayers in hindi, said rss uttarakhand region head, shashikant dixit.
this story is from february 10, 2019union minister nitingadkari gadkari, state energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule and others unveiling maha sand, o.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari expressed dissatisfaction over failure of government to tap mineral wealth of vidarbha .
he stressed that developing mining and mineral based industries clusters was the only solution.
addressing the conference mincon 2019, he said, vidarbha contains 80  of the states mineral wealth but most of it is lying unmined while the region continues to languish in poverty.
the minister further said that industries based on forest and mineral wealth were needed on the lines of agro-based industries.
only this will ensure development of backward and tribal dominated districts.
government land lying unused must be given on profit sharing basis to private companies.
they would be willing to invest, provided there are policies in place.
unfortunately, government would rather keep the land vacant than lease it out for its proper utilization, he said.
our researchers have developed an indigenous technology of extracting sand from rejected coal, which is being used by national highways authority of india (nhai) in road works.
similarly, oil extracted from bamboo can be used as shipping and aviation fuels.
one acre of bamboo can produce 200 tonnes of paper pulp, which we are importing today, said the minister.
energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule promised to provide electricity at subsidized rates to mineral clusters.
a major fly-ash cluster is soon coming up near chandrapur , for which we will give electricity at a rate of rs4.
40 per unit.
other mineral clusters will also be given a boost in terms of providing land and electricity at subsidized cost, said the minister.
industries minister subhash desai said that technologies had been developed using which mining could be done without destroying forests.
this would be used in vidarbha, he added.
on the occasion, factory manufactured sand maha sand was also unveiled and a memorandum of understanding (mou) was signed for its manufacture with a mumbai-based company.
the event was jointly organized by state industries department, maharashtra state mining corporation (msmc) and vidarbha economic development council (ved).
mumbai: spicejet may have operated a demonstration seaplane flight in city on saturday, but theres still a long way to go before this mode of transport turns popular in the country.
for one, there is plethora of work to do and hurdles to cross.
among them are formulating regulations on water-to-air transport, deciding whether seaplane operations will come under the shipping and water resources ministry or the civil aviation ministry, developing manpower and infrastructure to train pilots for these amphibious aircraft, having seaplane maintenance and repair organizations, identifying markets and studying the viability of such operations.
but on saturday, after spicejet and japans setouchi holdings secured dozens of permissions from different government bodies to carry out a demonstration to showcase the seaplane to stakeholders, media and government officials, they ran into another hurdlepoor weather.
the demonstration flight, operated by the ten-seater kodiak quest 1000 seaplane, was to land in the shallow waters near girgaum chowpatty around 1.
30pm.
but poor visibility forced the pilot to stay put at the mumbai airport till about 3pm, leaving minister of shipping and water resources, river development nitingadkari gadkari; minister of civil aviation ashok gajapati raju, spicejet cmd ajay singh , and other officials waiting for 90 minutes before the seaplane landed around 3.
10pm.
on saturday, as mumbai woke up to dense fog.
the visibility at the mumbai airport was a poor 800m at 9am.
by the afternoon it improved, but it did not touch 1500m, the minimum needed for seaplane operations.
unlike commercial airline aircraft, seaplanes land in water where there are no runways and no ground-based navigational systems to guide and help pilots land in low visibility.
the best scenario for visual flying would be a visibility of 5,000m, said an air traffic control official.
later in the day, singh said demonstration flight was a good way of figuring out where the gaps were.
two months ago, spice jet signed an mou with setouchi holdings to explore the commercial viability of seaplane operations in india.
singh said that if they find it to be viable, they might start operations in 12 months.
we could start with 5-10 planes maybe, he said, refusing to comment on routes they would operate.
will need at least 100 seaplanes to make it profitable , he added.
this story is from january 15, 2019nitin gadkari (file photo)on job creationon educational instituteson infrastructure projectson recreational facilitieson citys water crisisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: nitingadkari gadkari , union transport minister and city mp, has been claiming he has ensured all round development of the city by starting works worth rs68,000 crore.
his claims will be tested in three to four months.
toi spoke to him on various issues concerning the city.
the minister denied claims of opposition that mihan is a white elephant.
at present, it is directly employing 15,187 people and has provided indirect employment to another 45,000.
nagpur metro has provided direct and indirect jobs to 11,110 people.
another 1,500 are working in ceat tyres and saz foods units in butibori midc, which set shop during our regime.
the expansion of these two is on cards.
work on phase ii of nagpur metro will start soon.
so, the construction jobs will remain.
more phases of metro will come up in future, he said.
another 25,000 jobs will be generated in mihan this year.
patanjali ayurveds plant is also complete and will start production in three to four months.
it will employ 10,000 people in phases.
many software companies have major expansion on cards.
hcl has 700 employees, will recruit another 1,000 in couple of months.
hcl top bosses have told me they have plans to increase the employee strength in mihan to 12,000 over next two years.
mahametro will start a coach manufacturing unit near the dry port in wardha district in association with state government, central government and jawaharlal nehru port trust (jnpt).
it will provide jobs to hundreds of people.
indian institute of management (iim) has floated tender for construction of its campus.
its bhoomipujan will be performed next month.
all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) has already started functioning and construction has begun in mihan for its campus.
symbiosis will start admissions from next academic session.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has allotted land for national institute for pharmaceutical education and research (niper) and the matter is pending in district collectors office for advance possession.
we are not concentrating on higher education only.
central institute for road transport (cirt) will come up in godhni for training drivers, conductors, vehicle mechanics, etc.
rs 17 crore have been sanctioned for it.
association of state road transport undertakings (asrtu) will start a driver training centre in nagpur regional transport office (rto).
we are also setting up a skill development centre in association with larsen and toubro (l&t).
other than the underconstruction flyovers and railway overbridges (robs) we have decided to widen five roads - old bhandara road, kelibagh road, ramji pehelwan road, kamptee road and wardha road.
we will also construct a flyover from indora square to ashok square.
we have asked mahametro to redevelop cotton market, netaji market and gol bazar.
many people, however, will be affected by these projects.
i have convened a meeting of concerned officials in town hall on tuesday to sort out these problems.
the bhoomipujan of first phase of orange city street will be performed on february 1.
we have also decided to widen the road parallel to wardha road near airport to reduce congestion on the latter.
four road underbridges (rubs) will be constructed in east nagpur.
other than developing ambazari and futala lakes, i have asked nagpur improvement trust (nit) to develop 60 playgrounds at the cost of rs 60 crore.
my dream is to develop 350 playgrounds in the city where one lakh youngsters can play.
a walking and bicycling track will be constructed on the green patch near airport at a cost of rs 1.
5 crore.
architect habib khan has already given me a presentation.
municipal commissioner abhijit bangar will also be shown it this week.
nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) is constructing a 200 million litres per day (mld) sewage treatment plant (stp) at bhandewadi.
i have asked the officials to complete it by march so the treated water can be supplied to koradi and khaparkheda power plants and the city can use their share of raw water.
nmc was falling short of funds for expanding its water distribution network.
some rs 150 crore were sanctioned under atal mission for urban rejuvenation and transformation (amrut) by central government for this purpose.
treated water from nits four stps will be used in municipal gardens and playgrounds.
this will save a lot of water.
this story is from december 8, 2018hd revanna (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hassan: a day after district minister hd revanna claimed development projects launched recently in the district were not cleared during the siddaramaiah-led congress government regime but by the union government, former minister b shivaram asked the minister to release documents to establish his claim.
shivaram had alleged projects launched recently in hassan by union minister nitingadkari gadkari were that of the congress governments.
revanna had refuted the claim, saying the congress government had done nothing for the district.
i have been in touch with the union government in the past four years to implement those projects, revanna said.
for national highways, the state government does not release any money.
how can congress leaders make such claims?
revanna, also the pwd minister, had also hit out at congress legislators claims that he is interfering in work of other departments.
some people are calling me super chief minister, revanna said.
i am not an aspirant for the cms post.
if someone is happy calling me names, let them.
shivaram said on thursday he has documentary proof to substantiate his claims.
pointing to revannas claim that his relationship with former cm siddaramaiah is beyond politics, shivaram said, revanna has admitted he got work done through siddaramaiah.
it confirms in whose period approval for developmental work was granted.
this story is from january 7, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nashik: grape growers and exporters here are worried with the union finance ministry yet to take a final call on the proposal for compensation of rs106 per kg to those who had incurred losses in the 2009-10 export season.
the union ministry of commerce had sent the proposal to the union ministry of finance around five months ago.
a delegation of grape grower and exporters, led by the state agriculture price commission pasha patel, met the union minister nitingadkari gadkari on the issue and urged him to pursue the issue with the finance ministry.
pasha said that the proposal for compensation to grape grower exporters, worth rs 90 crore, is pending with the ministry of finance for past five months.
i recently met union minister gadkari along with the delegation of grape grower exporters.
gadkari immediately held talks with the union minister of commerce suresh prabhu on the issue.
gadkari has also assured to meet the union finance minister aruj jaitely along with a delegation of grape grower exporters to sort out the issue at the earliest, he said.
the 2009-10 grape season was poor for the grape growers exporters as european countries rejected the grape consignments from india, citing presence of pesticides on the fruit.
around 1,200 of total 3,400 containers were rejected.
around 100 grape exporters in the state, including 60 from nashik district , had incurred losses to the tune of crores of rupees.
european countries had detected chlormequat chloride component (ccc), a plant growth regulator beyond the prescribed maximum residue level (mrl) for table grapes.
according to maharashtra rajya draksha bagayatdar sangh (mrdbs), that was not the fault of grape growers.
this happened due to the negligence of the government, as they had not informed the farmers about the ccc.
following the government intervention, the european countries, except germany, had accepted some consignments of grapes at lower rates, while remaining containers had been diverted to russia, dubai, singapore and malaysia and other countries.
nagpur: energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule has directed mahagenco, maharashtra energy development agency (meda) and water resources department (wrd) to form a committee and draw up plans for supplying solar power to lift irrigation schemes (lis).
the committees report has to be submitted in a month.
the decision was taken in a meeting attended by irrigation minister girish mahajan.
avinash surve, executive director of vidarbha irrigation development corporation (vidc), will be the chairman of this committee.
the other members of the committee will be mahagenco director vikas jaideo , msedcl director satish chavan, mahatransco director ganpat munde and meda additional director general purushottam jadhav the committee will take stock of land available near lis for setting up solar panels.
it will find the best way for realizing the model.
bawankule and mahajan decided to approach madhya pradesh (mp) government through union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for releasing water into totladoh dam so that farmers catered by left and right bank pench canals can be given water for irrigation.
due to poor rainfall, the totladoh dam does not have much water for rabi crop.
mahajan issued directives to vidc officials regarding some irrigation projects of the district.
these include satrapur lis, chichghat lis and lakhmapur minor irrigation project.
this story is from january 22, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune : the slow pace of station re-development plan of the indian railways has not stopped the pune mahanagar parivahan mahamandal limited ( pmpml ) from replicating the same for development of bus depots with a view to mop up non-fare revenue.
the work on the plan will start soon considering that pmpml will have 800 new buses this year.
the plan is to lease the depots to private players who can develop them and then hand them over to pmpml under the build-operate-transfer (bot) model.
tenders will be floated soon, pmpml director siddharth shirole told toi.
he said that with the transport body suffering around rs200 crore in losses in 2018, the non-fare revenue needed to be increased to 44  this year.
private players can come up with facilities like shops and eateries.
a portion of the revenue generated will also come to pmpml.
the transport body will get a fully developed depot with modern facilities and buses can be kept and maintained better, he said.
the station re-development plan of the indian railways, announced in february last year, is also based on a similar model.
the indian railway station development corporation (irsdc) has been given the task of re-developing 600 stations across the country with the help of private players.
however, the plan has not made much progress.
a lot needs to be done at the existing depots.
there are quite a few buses which dont have any space for parking.
while land is being made available to us by corporations and other agencies, the facilities at the existing depots need to be improved too, another official said.
40 new buses to run onmethanol-blended fuelunion minister for road, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari has said that his ministry has ordered 40 buses that will run on methanol-blended fuel.
he said that 10 each of these buses will be added to the existing fleet in pune, mumbai, navi mumbai and guwahati.
he further added that he will make gadchiroli a bio-aviation fuel hub.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
however, the minimum cost of such a flat will be rs5.
75 lakh.
addressing a press conference on wednesday, nit chairperson sheetal ugale said cost of affordable flats built by the civic agency ranged from rs8.
25 lakh to rs11.
50 lakh, depending on the location.
the beneficiary will get a subsidy of rs2.
5 lakh under pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay).
thus, (s)he will have to shell out between rs5.
75 lakh and rs9 lakh.
the area of these flats will be between 307 and 325 square feet, she added.
the agency is constructing 4,345 flats under pmay in wathoda, tarodi and wanjri.
around 1,000 flats are ready.
nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) has already invited applications for these houses.
ugale said the aspirants would have to apply again to the nit.
the application to the nmc did not mention the site.
we have recently decided to provide reservation to sc, st, handicapped persons and government employees.
the relevant category was not mentioned in the nmc application.
aspirants will have to pay rs10,550 again.
if they dont get a house, rs10,000 will be refunded as rest is the gst amount, she added.
the lottery for the 1,000 houses will be held after lok sabha elections.
we will publicize the availability of these houses by month-end.
the aspirants will be given a month to submit the applications, said the nit chief.
nit has tied up with an agency that holds lottery for maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada).
we have signed a tripartite agreement, ugale said.
on development of metro region, she said, we are building a rs18.
5 crore road from jamtha to parsodi in our mega township.
we will ask the people owning land along the road to agree for land pooling.
other than this, the agency has collected rs50 crore as development charges in the metro region which will be spent in areas where people have paid.
this story is from january 7, 2019nitin gadkarimake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union minister and city mp nitingadkari gadkari caused a flutter on sunday when he praised late prime minister indira gandhi .
this nation had leaders like indira gandhi.
she got the better of many stalwart male leaders of her time.
did she get any reservation, he asked.
gadkaris party bjp has frequently criticised indira, especially for imposition of emergency.
later, however, he mentioned women leaders from bjp like sushma swaraj, vasundhara raje and sumitra mahajan.
women should get reservation and i will not oppose it.
a person never excels on the basis of caste, language, religion or sex.
one rises on the basis of knowledge.
do we ask religion of sai baba, gajanan maharaj or tukadoji maharaj?
do we ask about the caste of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, dr babasaheb ambedkar, or mahatma jyotiba phule?
i am against politics of caste and religion, he said.
the need is to increase our skill and knowledge.
if we have good knowledge, the party will come to your home and give ticket.
therefore, the nmc (nagpur municipal corporation) should train women and increase their skill and empower them.
at the same time, some sections and women need reservation, he said.
the exhibition was organised by nmc at reshimbagh ground, adjacent to rsss hedgewar smarak here.
gadkari praised the civic body for distributing e-rickshaws worth rs 1 crore to persons with disabilities.
it is a historic initiative.
e-rickshaw is my brainchild.
i faced a lot of problems when i brought a bill about e-rickshaws in parliament.
some people even went to supreme court.
now e-rickshaws are all over the nation, he said.
it is very difficult to dispose of ash.
after experimenting for four years, we came up with a way to produce silica.
we are producing 100 tonnes of it.
we got order for 70 tonnes of silica from dubai at rs 560 per kg, he said.
this story is from december 17, 2018actress hema malini performs in dance drama durga in khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav at idcpe ground, hanuman na.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: bollywoods dream girl hema malini played the role of a goddess in dance drama durga and left the audience in awe at the ongoing khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav at ishwar deshmukh college of physical education, on sunday.
the two-act play presented, before a jam-packed ground, was a delight to watch.
the first half of the musical drama started with the story of sati who is married to lord shiva and her consequent death.
this pushes shiva to undertake a hermitage at himalayas.
sati is then incarnated in the form of parvati who, through her dedication and devotion, manages to win over the lord, and the first half ends with the marriage of the two.
the second half of the play opens with the entry of demon mahishasura who has a boon that he can only be killed by a woman.
terrorized under his reign, the people pray to the gods to save them.
they are then asked to pray to devi, the protector of the universe.
the prayers of the people are answered and parvati is transformed into the representation of positive and divine energy, called goddess durga.
blessed with powers from the trinity of lords vishnu, shiv and brahma, she defeats the demon, much to the relief of the people.
the play ended with shiva laying down on the ground to calm the goddesses rage and her worship by the people.
hema malinis performance as sati, parvati and durga are a testament to the actors unparalleled talent in dance and acting.
with eyes that express an array of emotion with ease, from durgas rage to parvatis undying love for shiva, the actress shined bright throughout the two-hour play.
choreographed to perfection, scenes like durga along with her various hands were impactful and worth watching.
speaking on the occasion, chief minister devendra fadnavis said khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav has become a cultural identity of the city which gives artistes a platform to perform and also fulfils the cultural needs of citizens.
hema malini was felicitated by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and his wife kanchan.
this story is from january 23, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the vidarbha irrigation development corporation (vidc) has proposed to construct a 60km-long water tunnel, probably nations longest, for bringing water from kanhan river to totladoh reservoir situated on pench river.
if materialized, the project, estimated to cost around rs2,800 crore, will be the states first inter-basin water transfer or inter-linking river project.
plan is to bring 280-300 million metre cube (mmc) water from kanhan river to totladoh reservoir between july and december using gravitational force.
vidc team, including executive director avinash surve, executive engineer jb turkhede and others, has planned the project in view of the water crisis caused due to construction of chaurai dam on pench rivers upstream by madhya pradesh government.
as against a capacity of 1,017 mmc, totladoh reservoir is receiving only 400-500 mmc water after the dam was built.
turkhede told toi that central governments wapcos limited has been appointed to prepare a detailed project report (dpr) of the project.
we have prepared pre-feasibility report and project is found to be feasible.
the project proposal will be submitted to the state and central governments for funding, he said.
the vidc has already discussed the project with city mp and union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari, who is likely to approve it.
once the water tunnel project is okayed, the corporation is likely to put the proposed rs700 crore jamghat reservoir project on kanhan river in cold storage.
proposed in 2012, jamghat project was proposed jointly by maharashtra and mp governments.
as over 1,400 hectare forest land was required for the project, it has been languishing since then.
the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) and irrigation department were supposed to get 283.
16 mmc water from the project.
turkhede said the water tunnel project will be on upstream of jamghat in mp.
the tunnel will start from lavaghogri village situated on multai-chhindwara road in chhindwara district in mp and end in a natural water stream situated at pulpuldoh village adjacent to totladoh reservoir.
ridge area is situated between these two points.
therefore, the tunnels depth will vary from 10metre to 150 metre.
it will be a d-shaped tunnel with a diameter of 6.
5 metre.
vidc will not require any maintenance funds for at least 50 years as the tunnel project is based on gravity.
entire 60km stretch also falls under mp.
therefore, the project will require clearance from mp government, he added.
the project is also likely to benefit mp government as it can be used for hydro power generation.
a six-metre barrage will be constructed on kanhan river under the project.
therefore, hydro power project will also become feasible.
also, mp government will not be required to part away with over 1,400 hectare forest land for jamghat project.
at present, kharip crop in the district and adjoining bhandara got only one round of water from totladoh reservoir this year.
not a single drop of water could be released for rabbi crop.
water storage in the reservoir is only 9.
5  of the capacity as on date.
storage is insufficient to meet the requirement of drinking water of the nmc, mahagencos koradi and khaparkheda thermal power stations till mid june.
vidc officials said water tunnel project along with works proposed under pench reservoirs special water mitigation project at a cost of rs1,015 crore will solve all problems.
new water sources of 188 mmc are planned under rs1,015 crore package, they said.
water tunnel:*a barrage with six metre in height will be constructed on kanhan river at lavaghogri village in chhindwara district*60km-long tunnel will be constructed from the river to a natural water stream ending in totladoh reservoir at pulpuldoh village* the tunnel will be 10 metre below the surface layer of kanhan river.
ridge area is situated between kanhan river and totladoh reservoir so depth will vary up to 150 metres at mountain.
tunnel will end up at surface layer at the natural water stream*water will flow with gravity thus eliminating need for maintenance for at least 50 years*chambers or way into tunnel for maintenance and construction will be made at regular intervals*it will be d-shaped tunnel which may resemble to a railway tunnelcomparisons:*longest railway tunnel at pir panjal range of himalayas in jammu and kashmir is 11.
2km*chenani-nashri tunnel, also known as patnitop tunnel, in jammu and kashmir is 9.
2km long*delhi metro rails all underground corridors length is below 50km*length of coal india limiteds underground mine can be maximum 5kmadvantages: mp government has constructed chaurai dam on upstream of pench river.
totladoh reservoir, situated in downstream, is getting only 400-500 mmc water as against capacity of 1,017 mmc.
kanhan river has big flow of water between july and december.
river starts in mp and merges into wainganga river near gosikhurd dam.
the river is not having any reservoir or barrage in mp as well as in maharashtra.
kocchchi barrage is being constructed in the district with 65 mmc capacity.
plan is to bring 280-300 mmc water from the river to reservoir through water tunnel project from upstream.
project along with new water sources of 188 mmc proposed at a cost of rs1,015 crore.
this story is from february 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: prime minister narendra modi is landing here on saturday morning and will be spending the day in maharashtra.
launching of two new trains virtually, eklavya schools for tribals, an irrigation scheme and a rail electrification project will be the highlights of the visit that will see him halting at pandharkawda in yavatmal and later at dhule in khandesh.
for a couple of hours on friday morning there was speculation that modi may cancel the visit in the aftermath of pulwama attack that killed over 40 crpf personnel on thursday.
but with lok sabha elections likely to be announced any time and the political compulsion to announce many projects that could be reflected in the governments progress sheet, the pandharkawda and dhule visits got clearance.
as per official sources, the prime minister will be landing by a special plane at the city airport at 9.
55 am from delhi.
he will be received by governor c vidyasagar rao, chief minister devedra fadnavis, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
immediately after that, accompanied by the three, modi will take a helicopter to pandharkwada reaching there by 10.
30am.
at the public rally venue, he will first interact with select women self-help groups members for around 20 minutes.
once he gets on the dais, he will virtually inaugurate eklavya model residential school of nanded.
the state-of-the-art school with a capacity of 420 is aimed at improving education quality of tribal students.
he will then hand over keys to selected beneficiaries marking e-gruhpravesh of houses under pradhan mantri awas yojana.
this will be followed by flagging off of ajni-pune ac train through a video link.
modi will then press the button to lay foundation stone of roads under central road fund.
he will also distribute cheques and certificates under maharashtra state rural livelihoods mission to women shgs.
while yavatmal guardian minister madan yerawar and local mp and union minister of state for home hansraj ahir have been alloted three minutes each for welcome addresses, fadnavis and gadkari get 10 minutes each to address an expected gathering of over a one lakh comprising women shg members, farmers and tribals.
modi will then deliver his speech that could easily go on for at least half an hour.
modi, rao, fadnavis and gadkari will then fly back to nagpur to take the plane for dhule.
before his public address there, modi will inaugurate lower panazara medium irrigation project, lay foundation stones for dhule water supply project and for jalgaon-manmad 3rd line, a new rail line connecting dhule and nardana.
he will also flag off bhusaval-bandra khandesh express and an electrification work.
this story is from january 19, 2019tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chief minister edappadi k palaniswami is keeping the bjp guessing on the alliance for the lok sabha polls by fielding his lieutenants to both support and lash out at the saffron party.
while ministers and senior leaders s p velumani and p thangamani have been given the task of keeping the bjp leaders in good humour, giving them hopes of a tieup, another confidante and lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai has been assigned the task of hitting out at the bjp at will.
thambidurai may sound like a loose cannon, firing randomly at the bjp.
but there is more to it than what meets the eye.
he has palaniswamis blessings and backing in whatever he does.
what we hear from thambidurai is his masters voice.
one should not ignore the fact that to keep thambidurai in good humour, eps shut doors on a senior rebel leader, who was keen on getting back into the aiadmk, said a senior aiadmk leader.
when former mp k c palaniswamy hit out at the bjp, he was axed from the party, but thambidurais verbal diatribe against the bjp has been repeatedly condoned by the party leadership, said the leader.
edappadi does not want to confront the bjp leadership either.
he is guarded in passing comments about the bjp and its leadership.
his lieutenants velumani and thangamani are in regular touch with bjp leaders like union shipping and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
through sitharaman, they are able to reach out to prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah, whenever there is need, said another leader.
aiadmk coordinator and deputy chief minister o panneerselvam, who maintains a better equation with the bjp leadership, is favourably disposed towards having electoral ties with the bjp, but he does not call the shots in the aiadmk.
there are very few among the party leaders who subscribe to opss line and accept his leadership.
palaniswami, who is panneerselvams deputy in the party hierarchy, is the de facto party chief and only his writ runs in the party.
majority of ministers, party district secretaries and other functionaries are palaniswami loyalists.
edappadi wants to keep both options  with or without the bjp - open till the elections are announced, said a senior party functionary.
a vast majority of party functionaries feel a tieup with the bjp would be a liability for the dravidian major because except in kanyakumari district , the national party is not a power to reckon with anywhere else in tamil nadu .
its influence has diminished in coimbatore, which had elected c p radhakrishnan as bjp mp to the lok sabha in 1998 and 1999.
on the contrary, the aiadmk would end up alienating all minority votes if it ties up with the bjp.
the aiadmk leadership, however, is keen on roping in regional parties like the pmk and the dmdk into its fold.
this story is from january 13, 2019swaraj abhiyan leader yogendra yadavdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gurugram: residents of dwarka expressway ended their indefinite fast on saturday after swaraj abhiyan leader yogendra yadav visited them.
on saturday, yadav assured the protesters his organisation would holds talks with both the haryana and delhi governments for speedy completion of the dwarka expressway and relocation of the toll plaza from kherki daula.
mayor madhu azad also visited five members of dxp association, yashesh yadav, kanchan jain, lokesh yadav, amresh misra and bajrang jain, who started the hunger strike on january 10.
besides homebuyers, the hunger strike was being supported by over 23 villages of the new gurugram area.
more than 1,000 persons had turned up at the protest site in sector 84 in the past two days.
residents performed a maha yagya at the dead end of dwarka expressway on saturday.
they said that the plight of commuters and homebuyers should be considered.
dxp association has also reached out to union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister khattar, demanding the remaining hurdles before the project be removed.
this story is from november 19, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will be organizing 10th agrovision , an agricultural mega event, from november 23 to 26 at reshimbagh ground.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, state chief minister devendra fadnavis, union agriculture minister radha mohan singh and union minister of state for home hansraj ahir will inaugurate it.
they include production technology, farming styles, agro-based business, cotton cultivation, vegetable cultivation, greenhouses and share net technology, micro irrigation, agriculture finance, organic farming, sandalwood farming, orange processing, jalyukta shivar, social media marketing, turmeric and ginger production, flower cultivation, poultry business, sugar cane cultivation, etc, he added.
two-day-long conferences will also be organized.
the first will be on development of dairy industry in vidarbha on november 24 and second is on opportunities in bamboo production the next day.
an expert panel discussion will be held on future of indian agriculture.
the panellists will discuss policies, direction and goals for indian farmers in a changing global scenario.
a grand national agriculture exhibition will also be held in which prominent companies dealing in agriculture equipment sector, research organizations, government departments, agriculture universities will set up stalls and showcase the latest technologies.
agriculturally advanced friendly nations of india will also present their machines, techniques and research.
the exhibits include advanced sprinklers, labour replacement machines specially designed for orange and other fruits, post harvesting and other equipments.
energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule said that maharashtra state electricity distribution company ltd (msedcl) would set up a stall to provide connections to farmers.
a grand animal fair is also a part of the event.
maharashtra animal and fisheries sciences university (mafsu) and department of animal husbandry have been roped in to display the best breed of cattle.
an agrovision agrithon has been organized for students.
essay writing competition, poster contest and paper presentation will also be part of the event.
three separate halls have been constructed for workshops while a 2,000 sq m has been earmarked for display of animals.
the exhibition will be spread over an area of 50,000 sq metres, he added.
this story is from january 22, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the opening of 1.
2 km bridge over ravi river in j&k on tuesday will reduce the distance between pathankot in punjab and kathua in jammu from current 45 km to only 8 km, the government said.
the bridge built at a cost of rs 159 crore will be thrown open to public by highways minister nitingadkari gadkari .
the project will benefit over 2.
this story is from november 6, 2018the initial cost of the project was rs 46 crore.
so far, about rs 113 crore have been spent.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: after a wait of over twelve years, the phase ii of ramjhula railway overbridge (rob) is finally going to be open for public in january.
sources in maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) said that the main structure was ready and only miscellaneous works like construction of footpath remained.
the work order of the two phases of ramjhula was issued in january 2006.
both were to be completed by july 2009.
however, due to various reasons the project got inordinately delayed.
the first phase opened in december 2014.
msrdc then demolished the old rob and began construction on the second phase.
a source in msrdc said that there were various reasons for the delay.
we had problems in acquiring railway land.
then, there was problem in procurement of cables from south korea japan and south africa .
the obtaining of various permissions from railway also got delayed, he added.
the initial cost of the project was rs46 crore.
so far, about rs113 crore have been spent and some more money will be used in the finishing work.
thus, the cost has escalated by over 150 .
according to the source, the length of the rob, including approaches, is 600 metre.
it is a six-lane structure with three lanes in each bridge.
the length of the cable stayed bridge is 200m.
the height of the robs is 56m.
the official said that the state government had revised the cost to rs70 crore but actual expenditure went up as rs25 crore had to be paid to railways as maintenance charges.
the project consultant rites charged about rs6 crore.
according to msrdc records, the project got nine extension and will need a tenth.
the first extension was given in april 2010 (nine months after the deadline) for eight months.
the ninth extension was given till january 2018.
msrdc is taking one more year extra beyond this deadline.
the completion of the second phase of the rob will, however, not solve the traffic problem at jaistambh square.
a flyover will also be constructed on kingsway.
rob being weakenedan absolute lack of civic sense coupled with apathy of police is weakening the phase ii of ramjhula even before it has been opened for traffic.
slum children are cracking the cement slab of the structure to extract steel used in the bridge.
this steel is being to sold to scrap dealers for a handful of rupees.
msrdc officials are also in a deep slumber.
this story is from november 21, 2018new delhi: bolivia , which has nearly a quarter of the worlds lithium reserves, has shown its keenness to have joint ventures between one of its public sector enterprises with indian firms to meet the demand of the metal that is used for manufacturing batteries for electric vehicles, smart phones and laptops.
sources in the road transport ministry said bolivian ambassador sergio dario arispe barrientos proposed this at a meeting with union minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday.
officials said barrientos told gadkari that yacimientos de litios bolivianos (ylb), one of its pses, has researched and developed technology for processing of the evaporative resources from salt flats.
the company has developed and validated a technological process for extraction of battery grade lithium carbonate, potassium chloride potassium sulphate and magnesium chlorides, which have been commercialised in national and international markets.
earlier bolivia had shown interest on signing a preferential trade agreement with india to woo indian investors to manufacture lithium batteries and related products.
this story is from january 6, 2019prime minister narendra modi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
thiruvananthapuram: prime minister narendra modi will reach kerala on january 15 and inaugurate kollam bypass, that is slated to be opened on february 2 by the state government.
bjp sources said the prime minister will address a public rally in kollam on january 15 and open the 13km-long bypass, besides dedicating the rs 100-crore swadesi darsan programme to sree padmanabhaswamy temple.
more details of his visit are awaited.
but, pwd minister g sudhakaran said the government was unaware of modi's programme.
once rumours of the inauguration of kollam bypass came to our notice, we informed the office of the prime minister, union minister for road transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari and nhai's office in delhi about the state government plan of opening the highway in february.
the design and work of the bypass was fully done by pwd with the 50  financial assistance from centre.
i don't know who is 'scheming' such things.
i feel that somebody is trying to play politics by misleading the prime minister on centre's role in the construction of the bypass, he said.
sudhakaran said the state government has nothing to do if the prime minister chose to inaugurate the bypass.
even if pm inaugurates the bypass, state government will go ahead with its planned programme with the chief minister inaugurating the bypass.
if pm was so interested in inaugurating the bypass, pmo could have informed us in advance.
there was no need for drama, he said.
the government had already requested the prime minister to inaugurate the alappuzha bypass and pmo has not given a response, he said.
the rs 278-crore project starts at kavanad and ends at mevaram.
it bridges kavanad, neeravil and mangad with a vehicular underpass at neeravil.
the agreement for kollam bypass was signed in 2015.
two deadline extensions were given to the contractor after the project faced delays due to shortage of raw materials.
meanwhile, kollam mp nk premachandran refuted the state government's claims.
government announced the inauguration of the bypass, without consulting the union ministry.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari had agreed to open the bypass in january.
centre has the right to open the bypass, he said, adding that there was no official confirmation on modi's arrival.
this story is from january 27, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari will perform bhoomipuja of rs 3,580 crore smart city project on february 2.
the two ministers will also perform bhoomipuja of rs 282 crore water supply project for unauthorized layouts approved under the central governments atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme.
east nagpur mla krishna khopde on sunday met fadnavis and finalized the schedule for bhoomipuja of two programmes.
fadnavis also assured to terminate notices issued to people of proposed smart city area for land acquisition in an improper manner, he said.
the nmc had proposed to convert an area of 1,743 acres of pardi, bharatwada, bhandewai and punapur in east nagpur into smart city.
nmcs special purpose vehicle nagpur smart and sustainable city development corporation limited (nsscdcl) is executing the project.
nsscdcl has awarded contract of tendersure to mumbai-based based shapoorji pallonji group couple of months ago.
the company is likely to begin works.
therefore, the bhoomipuja programme has been planned.
under tendersure costing rs 650 crore, 52km long utility works- roads, bridges, storm water drains, drinking water supply pipelines, streetlights, road-dividers, footpaths and an utility ducts for laying power cables, telecommunication companies optical fibre cables will be developed at a time.
this will ensure all facilities to the people at a time and a digging free area.
also, works of housing scheme, development of gardens, markets and other facilities have been planned in next stages.
under amrut scheme, water pipeline, related infrastructure, connections with meters will be executed in and around proposed smart city area, gorewada, dabha, jaitala, shivangaon, manish nagar, nara, nari, dighori, mankapur etc.
the central governments wapcos limited is executing the works.
this story is from november 21, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the row over killing of tigress t1 (avni) early this month by shooters hired by the state forest department is now acquiring political undertones.
a recent video clip of congress mla and deputy leader of the state assembly vijay wadettiwar has added fuel to the fire.
the video clip, that has gone viral, goes on about how state finance minister sudhir mugantiwar, who also holds the forest ministry is being targeted not just by wildlife activist lobbies but also within the party.
it says even chief minister devendra fadnavis has shown no intention to shield mungantiwar.
the forest minister, known to be close to union minister and bjp strongman nitingadkari gadkari, is seen by many as chief ministerial candidate as he belongs to the strong obc community seeking to assert itself.
asked about the videoclip, wadettiwar said his conversation seems to have been recorded and circulated by party workers, but stressed he was only stating the facts and not inventing anything.
last week mungantiwar himself stated in a public function at sangli that people in his own party (bjp) were trying to pull him down in the last few days (without mentioning avni shooting controversy).
the minister, in his speech at a memorial for the departed ncp stalwart r r patil, said leaders like aaba (rr) are now not to be found.
.
he never hesitated in helping others from the rival party.
sadly, in the last eight days i have seen how party colleagues are sparing no effort to corner me and not let me grow, mungantiwar is reported to have said.
ncp leaders ajit pawar, jayant patil and some ministerial colleagues of mungantiwar, too, were present.
wadettiwar video goes further to charge fadnavis with trying to cut short mugantiwars political career with the sole intention to get the path clear of rivals within the party.
he gleefully states in the clip that like a tiger that needs a territory all to itself, cm also wants to clear the field of all competitors and hence, after eknath khadse, mugantiwar is being targeted.
this story is from january 6, 2019edappadi k palaniswami (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: confronted with challenges arising out of inter-state water disputes, chief minister edappadi k palaniswami on saturday said in the assembly that the union government did not consider the resolution passed by the state legislature on dam safety while introducing the dam safety bill, 2018 in the lok sabha.
union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari introduced the bill on december 12 and it is yet to be taken up for debate.
aiadmk mps have been opposing the bill.
the bill aims at handing over many dams - owned, operated and maintained by one state, but located in another states jurisdiction  to the proposed national dam safety authority.
tamil nadu would lose control over four such dams, mullaperiyar, parambikulam, thunakadavu and peruvaripallam, located in kerala but owned and managed by tn by virtue of inter-state agreements.
it is an important issue.
tn is dependent on neighbouring states the law vests the powers with the national dam safety authority, under which a committee with the representatives of upstream and downstream states will function.
it encroaches upon the rights of tamil nadu.
it is unconstitutional and violation of the federal principles, the chief minister said, asserting that his government was firm in getting the centre withdraw the bill.
the cm was responding to dmk mla u mathivanan, who demanded that a resolution be passed against the bill.
the state legislature in a unanimous resolution in june last year expressed strong objections to certain clauses of the draft bill.
it would cause problems in maintenance and operation of the dams, tn argued.
it urged the union government to take up the legislation after consulting the states and arriving at a consensus.
till then, the bill should be kept in abeyance, it argued.
palaniswami said that he reminded pm narendra modi through a letter on december 14 that the resolution expressing the concerns of the people was not taken into consideration.
the cm said he had even pointed to the constitution bench of the supreme court upholding the rights of tamil nadu on mullaperiyar dam in its judgment in may 2014.
this story is from january 24, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
sources in metro said that they were confident of completing lokmanya nagar to subhash nagar by march but finishing the remaining portion in two months was a challenging task.
if you travel along the sitabuldi to subhash nagar route you will realize that there is lot of unfinished work unlike the sitabuldi to khapri stretch.
however, the viaduct of lokmanya nagar to subhash nagar stretch is complete.
electrification, track laying, signalling and stations all are 85  complete and remaining part will be over by february end.
we may start operating trains on this portion before extending it up to sitabuldi, said a source.
work on sitabuldi to lokmanya nagar stretch had begun some months after the sitabuldi to khapri stretch.
therefore, work on the latter stretch is far ahead of the former.
therefore it cant be said that there is a delay on our part, he said.
indian leasing and financial services (il&fs) had been awarded the contract of constructing the stations on elevated section of sitabuldi-khapri stretch.
due to internal problems of the company the pace had slowed down a lot.
mahametro had terminated its contract on this count.
we have awarded the il&fs work to about 30 small contractors, many of whom were working for the company.
work has again picked up speed and we see no problems anymore, said the source.
this story is from january 7, 2019(representative image)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
noida: a 25-year-old software engineer with an it firm was found hanging from the ceiling fan of her bedroom early on saturday, apparently after a quarell with her husband over preparing dinner.
parents of the woman, shreya, have accused her husband nitingadkari and his mother of murdering their daughter over dowry.
nitin, who works in the same it firm where shreya was once employed, and her mother have been detained.
shreya, who was from chandigarh, had married nitingadkari in august last year.
since both worked in noida, they took a 3bhk flat on rent in aditya urban casa in sector 78.
but the couple soon developed testy ties, police said.
according to neighbours, shreya and nitingadkari would often fight over trivial matters.
around 1am on saturday, shreya had locked herself in her bedroom after a tiff.
police said they received a call around 3am from nitingadkari , who informed them that his wife had committed suicide.
the man said he had had an argument with his wife over preparing dinner and she had locked herself in the bedroom.
their marriage had started showing signs of discord.
they would have regular arguments and were sleeping in separate rooms.
he said he got to know about the suicide when the woman's mother called her up and did not get any response, said girija shankar tripathi, the sho of sector 49 police station.
police quoted nitingadkari as saying that he used duplicate keys to open the door and found his wife hanging from the ceiling fan with the help of a bedsheet.
she was rushed to the district hospital, where she was declared brought dead, tripathi said.
on sunday, shreyas parents lodged a complaint against nitingadkari and his mother, accusing them of harassing their daughter over dowry.
nitin's mother had recently come to live with them in noida.
she had been harassing my daughter for more dowry.
she would remain very depressed, but i never thought she woud commit suicide.
i suspect nitingadkari killed her and made it look like a suicide, shreya's mother anupam mentioned in the complaint.
tripathi said an fir had been registered against nitingadkari and his mother under sections 498a (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty), 304 b (where the death of a woman is caused by any burns or bodily injury) of the ipc along with section 3/7 of the dowry act.
we have detained nitingadkari for questioning while the allegations are being investigated.
action will be taken after we investigate further, he added.
representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: nagpur university vice-chancellor sp kanes decision to allow saffron outfit vidyapeeth shikshan manch hold a conference along with universitys (nu) postgraduate hindi department came under attack from nationalist youth congress (nyc) led by its city president shailendra tiwari.
around 10 activists blocked the entrance of university main building on rabindranath tagore marg for over an hour on tuesday afternoon.
this time, nu administration showed unexpected alertness in calling the cops besides reinforcing security by pooling guards from other departments.
on february 8, nu had remained mute spectator to rampage by abvp vandals who damaged property and manhandled women guards.
nyc warned of disrupting the conference where union minister and bjp heavyweight nitingadkari gadkari is the chief guest.
the activists demanded nu call off the upcoming international conference on 'redefining environmental governance for smart city  to be held at guru nanak bhavan on march 2 as it would mean politicization of education.
besides gadkari, several bjp and rss members are part of the organizing and advisory committees of the conference.
during the sit-in, activists raised anti-kane slogans.
they asked why the vc refused to meet them if there was nothing wrong in his decision.
the blockade ended when cops escorted all the activists to the vc chamber where they submitted their demands.
tiwari accused kane of helping bjp leaders in their political campaign ahead of the lok sabha and vidhan sabha elections by using students money and university space.
nyc also questioned kanes move to share stage with manchs president kalpana pande who is an accused in a 2015 bribery case.
tiwari said by neglecting science departments, it is evident the vc was under pressure from bjp-rss organisations.
after the vc refused to cancel the event, tiwari said nyc would intensify its agitiation against misuse of university property.
if yechury wasnt allowed, why exception is made for the party in power?
how can the vc share the dais with an accused.
kane must resign, he said.
this story is from november 5, 2018vikram singh makes it to the chosen 16download the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: congress on sunday announced a second list, of 16 candidates, for the madhya pradesh election , adding up to 171.
its still six short of bjps first list.
the list, being small, gives a clearer reflection of how tickets are being distributed in congress.
the first half of the 16 candidates come from chambal, seven of them being loyalists of state congress campaign committee chairman jyotiraditya scindia.
a section of congress did not want rajendra bharti, who fought against bjp minister narottam mishra on the paid news case, to get a ticket, saying he had lost elections three times.
but state congress chief kamal nath intervened and ensured a ticket to bharti from datia though some feel ghanshyam singh would have given a tough fight to mishra.
five-time mla from vijaypur, ram niwas rawat, who is among scindias close confidantes, wished to contest from sabalgarh in place of his traditional seat, but the party decided, in principle, that sitting mlas seats will not be changed.
rawat has to be contest from vijaypur.
baijnath kushwaha, another scindia loyalist, has got the ticket for sabalgarh.
last years bypoll victors mahendra singh yadav and brajendra singh yadav have been fielded from their own constituencies, kolaras and mungaoli.
much to his relief, vikram singh natiraja, three-time mla from rajnagar (twice for congress and once for sp), has also been repeated despite attempts by senior congress leader satyavrat chaturvedi to get his son nitingadkari the ticket from this seat.
leader of opposition ajay singh has been able to get a ticket for his closest confidante, mahindra singh chauhan, from his seat of preference  huzur in bhopal.
from byovera seat in rajgarh, govardhan dangi, a digvijaya singh loyalist, has got the ticket.
it also helped that he is from the dominant dangi community.
congress choice for amla, manoj malve, is kamal naths choice.
and in alirajpur and petlawad in the western tribal belt, mukesh patel and valsingh meda have been fielded following the backing of jhabua mp kantilal bhuria and jai adivasi yuva sangthan (jays) founder dr hiralal alawa, who is now a congress candidate from manawar against ranjana baghel of bjp.
pune: union minister for heavy industries anant geete on friday appeared to contradict his cabinet colleague, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari , on the latters stance that we need to move towards alternative fuel and curbing pollution at the earliest.
bjps gadkari , speaking at an event organized by the society of indian automobile manufacturers in september, had said: we should move towards alternative fuel .
.
.
i am going to do this, whether you like it or not.
and i am not going to ask you.
i will bulldoze it.
for pollution, for imports, my ideas are crystal clear .
.
.
the government has a crystal-clear policy to reduce imports and curb pollution.
and on friday, geete, the lone shiv sena member in the cabinet, without naming gadkari, said, we have to move forward in a phased manner.
so, my ministry and i have not made any announcements.
announcements are being made by other ministers.
someone who is responsible (for e-vehicles) is not doing it, those not responsible are making announcements.
it is a democracy, it is natural.
gadkaris threat had raised the hackles of the auto industry, who had since pointed out multiple challenges, like import of lithium (batteries), quantity and quality of power, the source of power supply, and storage, among others.
the industry has also raised concerns the investments going into developing the bharat stage-vi technology, which comes into effect on april 1, 2020.
as ministers, we make many announcements because we want to set targets.
and when we set targets, it is important to have deadlines, otherwise there is no point.
however, if we are not successful till 2030, it doesnt mean that the industry is a failure.
to make it successful, we have to take all stakeholders (into confidence), geete said at the valedictory address of international transportation electrification conference in punegeete further said there are multiple factors that need to be addressed, as the nation moves towards electric mobility and there is no need to hurry through this  we should not be making mistakes in haste.
he said that the industry and research organizations, like the automotive research association of india (arai), must point the government and country in the right direction.
the government doesnt have the know-how or the expertise, the minister added.
arai said that it will submit a report to the ministry shortly.
this story is from december 4, 2018nitin gadkaridownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jaipur: union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari has announced that much-awaited ring road will be opened for public on january 30, 2018.
taking the credit for the road which will ease the traffic and pollution in the city, he said, it was a state project which was facing cash crunch and administrative failure.
our government took over it and allocated funds to the state and changed the contractor which has expedited the work.
my ministry re-started at least 12-14 projects which were defunct.
jaipur-delhi highway is in progressive stage.
he praised vasundhara raje government for taking rajasthan to a new height.
he expressed confidence that bjp will come to the power in the state.
i can tell you with confidence that not a single contractor has visited my office even once.
the transparency in the process has removed the chance of corruption at any level.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari and former minister anil deshmukh felicitate dr deshmukh at an event held on sund.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on sunday lauded dr subhash deshmukh, an nri physician from city currently based in los angeles , usa, for achieving great heights in his chosen field.
speaking at a programme organized at baburao dhanwate hall to mark the 75th birthday of dr deshmukh, gadkari recounted a few of the times when he visited him.
people in los angeles hold dr deshmukh in high esteem which fills my heart with pride, he said.
he was felicitated by gadkari, former maharashtra minister and a relative anil deshmukh, businessman satyanarayan nuwal and former mlc girish gandhi.
it was an evening of pride and merriment for the friends and family of dr deshmukh as he was felicitated in the presence his near and dear ones.
the physician has been living in the us for the last 48 years and is regarded as one of the most recognized doctors.
dr deshmukh said, i am overwhelmed and utterly speechless by the warmth people of this city have shown me.
it is true that i left nagpur in 1971, but the city never left me; i always come back here.
in fact, people in the us know how much of an indian i am and call me an nra  a non-resident american.
india never ceases to amaze me.
though it is becoming technologically modern, it is also striving to remain itself.
even nagpur is changing but it is not the place but the people that anchors you and i am lucky to be surrounded by such people in my life, he added.
being closely related to politicians and politics, dr deshmukh spoke about how he could never get away from it.
he said, politics make me laugh and politicians today make me believe in very little.
but as a famous nobel laureate has said, you are born in it and you will die with it.
everything in us is politics  from the things we speak to the things we dont speak.
his cousin anil deshmukh recalled several of their childhood stories and said, he is a very colourful and witty man, and loves eating typical varhadi cuisine.
at the same time, he has a library of knowledge and is a learned man.
once he had even challenged a highly knowledgeable high court judge on a certain issue.
nuwal appreciated the doctors compassion and ability to remain rooted and said, we often observe that with education, people lose compassion and empathy.
but it amazes me that such a recognized personality is still so anchored.
joking about his friend circle and spendthrift nature, gandhi said, every morning that he is in city, he would call up his friends and make several plans with them.
sometimes i even wonder if he is even a pure deshmukh because of his expenses on friends.
this story is from february 10, 2019jichkar had inaugurated happy streets organized by the times of india and maharashtra times.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: mayor nanda jichkar said nagpur has got various names like smart city, green city, tiger capital etc for some or the other reason.
she said the city is starting to be recognized as a happy city due to regular cultural events being held here.
jichkar was speaking at the inauguration of mayors cup all india dance competition organized by the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) at suresh bhat hall on saturday.
jichkar had inaugurated happy streets organized by the times of india and maharashtra times.
jichkar also said nagpur is getting developed as a global city.
a slew of developmental projects have been sanctioned by cm devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
therefore, the city is changing.
the construction of suresh bhat hall, with the help of fadnavis and gadkari, is encouraging cultural events, she said.
chairman of nmc sports consultative committee nagesh sahare, corporators and other officials were present.
prizes will be distributed to the winners in a programme organized on sunday.
the competition has been organized in three categories  5 to 10 years, 10 to 15 years and above 15 years.
this story is from december 20, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ponda: irked with the fiasco at new delhi, the mining dependants have threatened to resist union minister nitingadkari gadkari from inaugurating the khandepar bridge on sunday.
goa mining peoples front (gmpf) has announced that they will fizzle out the programme, and demanded that a senior cabinet member from goa should open the bridge.
pwd minister ramkrishna dhavalikar has reiterated that the khandepar bridge will be inaugurated on december 23 by gadkari.
following the announcement, mining dependents convened an urgent meeting at piliyem, dharbandora late wednesday afternoon.
the meeting has decided that they should resist gadkari from inaugurating the goan project as he failed to bring a solution to restart mining activities in goa, puti gaonkar, president, gmpf, said.
on august 7, chief minister manohar parrikar had urged a panel of union ministers led by transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to find a way to resume mining operations in goa as a court-ordered ban effective from march has choked economic activity in the coastal state.
parrikar had met prime minister narendra modi and later attended the ministerial panel meeting in delhi.
parrikar had said the ministerial panel has assured him that it will look into the issues facing the natural resources sector in the state.
however, despite it there was no sign of mining resumption in goa, and mining dependants held demonstrations at delhi to build pressure on the centre for early resumption of ore mining activities.
but the centre did not pay any attention towards the protests.
gaonkar said the miners would stage a dharna near the approach roads to the bridge sporting black flags.
we believe that being head of the panel of union ministers, gadkari has failed to bring respite to the goan issue, and hence we want a senior minister from the goa cabinet to inaugurate the bridge, he said.
goa suraksha manch leader subhash velingkar, savordem sarpanch sandeep pauskar, members of the machine owners association, north goa truck owners association and dharbandora truck owners association president balaji gawas were present.
this story is from january 18, 2019file photo of delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the stone-laying ceremony for the construction of the 14.
8-km akshardham-geeta colony-shastri park- khazuri khas-delhi/up border road will be held on january 26, said delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari on thursday.
he cited a letter from nitingadkari gadkari, union minister for road transport, highways, shipping and water resources, saying the project had been approved by the central government.
the six-lane road project could significantly decongest east delhi and many areas of of north-east delhi by providing a seamless connection with ghaziabad and beyond .
the new road, when completed, could take a significant chunk of traffic off pushta road, seelampur main road and shahdara, easing the jams that are seen every day during the peak movement hours there.
in a letter addressed to tiwari, gadkari wrote, the road has been declared as nh 709-b.
i have given instructions for implementation of this road on top priority.
this road will be developed as a six-lane, access-controlled road with service roads on both sides.
from akshardham to epc intersection, there is a provision of 19km of elevated section which will help in minimising acquisition of land and segregation of local/through traffic.
this road project, a large portion of which will be elevated, is part of the planned link between akshardham mandir in delhi and saharanpur in up, aimed at facilitating smooth and fast vehicular travel.
after the project is completed, the drive from delhi to saharanpur via loni and baghpat in western up through congested and poorly constructed roads will likely become a thing of the past.
the delhi bjp chief said, the issue of traffic jams in north-east and east delhi is one of the biggest problems facing the capital.
i have been trying to get the problem solved since i was elected to the lok sabha from north-east delhi.
he said that he had briefed gadkari about this problem and requested his help in the matter.
it is a matter of great pleasure for me that gadkari has approved the 155-km nh 709b at a project cost of rs 4,405 crore, tiwari added.
the work, tiwari said, would be completed within the next 20 months and erase the inconvenience that a large number of people face every day.
mumbai: finance minister arun jaitley and his cabinet colleagues piyush goyal and nitingadkari gadkari lashed out at the rbis approach in changing rules of the game and defended the governments stand in its tussle with the central bank which led to urjit patel stepping down as governor on monday.
admitting there were areas of differences between the two, jaitley said that in case the government and the rbi are not on the same page, the former should have the final say.
the finance minister was addressing times network india economic conclave here.
we are the sovereign government, we are the most important stakeholders as far as the management of an economy is concerned, jaitley said.
in some situations, the autonomous institutions also have to be informed that there is some difficulty arising in the system that requires to be corrected, he said.
jaitley reminded critics that it was congress governments, led by jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi, that had asked rbi governors to resign.
union roads and shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari hit out at government critics, asserting the government has not destroyed the rbi.
he added that there is a need for the central bank to support the governments economic policies, arguing that the rbi is part and parcel of the government that runs the nation.
speaking at the same event, goyal defended the governments stand on easing lending norms for weak banks and a new capital framework for the rbi.
goyal said that the prompt corrective action (pca) norms, which restrict lending by weak banks, were first introduced by the rbi during the vajpayee government and these rules were suddenly changed in 2017.
he said that capital requirements for indian banks were made stricter than global norms.
it is like changing the rules of the game, when the cricket match is halfway through, said goyal.
the minister for railways, who held charge of the finance ministry between may and august 2018, strongly denied the charge that the government was dipping into rbis reserves for its spending.
it is a complete canard that is sought to be spread by certain people.
the finance minister has categorically said that we are meeting our fiscal deficit targets without taking a single rupee from reserves of the rbi, said goyal.
when you give an example of argentina and compare it with a country like india  a country which has never defaulted on any international obligation irrespective of which government in power  this kind of allusion is not acceptable, said goyal.
he was referring to the speech by deputy governor viral acharya where the example of argentina was cited to explain how dipping into a central banks reserves could hurt the economy.
responding to former rbi governor raghuram rajans criticism of the government action on the rbi, goyal said that this gentleman (rajan) appears to be looking for a political career.
the minister also highlighted how the markets had risen after both rajan and patel had stepped down as an affirmation of the governments actions.
jaitley said that the differences between the government and the rbi included credit flow into the system and the liquidity support.
he said that the government had initiated discussions to convey its concerns to the central bank.
however, jaitley said, he didnt understand how a discussion about rbis functioning could be considered destruction of the institution.
a discussion with an important institution, which is independent and autonomous, to tell it that its a part of your functions and therefore this is an important area of an economy which you must look at, how is it destruction of the institution?
he said.
this story is from january 30, 2019wastage water treatment plant was presented by devyani bagde and pranay durge of nsvm fulwari schooldownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: a three-day science exhibition childrens science festival and mega science exhibition 2019 was inaugurated by union minister nitingadkari gadkari at mahila mahavidyalaya, nandanvan, on tuesday.
around 30 schools from different parts of the city put up 70 exhibits comprising innovative working models and equipment for people with physical disabilities.
the models presented by the students include mass rover, buzzer game, water filter and waste management, automatic street lights, electromagnetic crane and electric generator, mini fridge, thermoelectric cooler, remote control car, domestic gas refilling alarm, robotic hydraulic arm, etc for the efficient use of resources.
smart stick made with arduno chip and ultrasonic cells to alert blind persons, smart vehicle that uses sensors for detection of alcohol consumption and buzzers to alarm the driver in case of drowsiness or an obstacle on the path, and gesture controlled wheelchair are some of the most state-of-the-art inventions.
the exhibition was jointly organized by khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav samiti, my science lab (msl) and stree shikshan prasarak mandal.
mlc nago ganar, jaiprakash gupta, ravindra fadnavis, msl co-founders mangesh lepse, dhananjay balpande and avinash gaikwad were present.
a large number of students and teachers thronged the exhibition on the first day.
balpande, while addressing the gathering, highlighted the contribution of msl in boosting learner and educator capacity and proficiency for the benefit of the school with their powerful, innovative, and affordable education solution.
their unique product provides the learners to conduct practical experiments.
fadnavis said, the science that is taught on blackboards in schools teach the reasoning, techniques and theory of knowledge.
to acquire day-to-day hands-on experiences, practical knowledge is important.
gadkari felicitated shrinav agrawal from chanda devi saraf (cds) school for his patent on an innovative project to save lives, vidhi yedshettiwar and sameer ramteke from pawan public school for their invention of a wooden cutter's tool, bs revant from mount litera zee (mlz) school for inventing a smart key that monitors traffic violation, founder and managing director at cosmagen space organization rajat kumar dani, writer suresh agrawal, and nikhil vyas and madhura vyas from natraj niketan sanstha for their project say no to plastic.
he congratulated the host school for the mega event.
our vision for the aspiring scientists and researchers is the conversion of knowledge into wealth.
the country is a endowed with talent in abundance.
schools, colleges, universities and other educational institutes need to adopt newer and improved technological methods to harness this talent and provide exposure and opportunities to the deserving students, he added.
he also stressed upon the importance of igniting curiosity in the young minds by improving the quality of education.
highlighting the significance of cost-effective and ergonomical scientific advancement, gadkari mentioned the successful project of utilizing bio-fuel in jet planes.
somalwar high school, qidwai high school, mlz school, vande mataram vidyalaya, keshav nagar school, jayatri, convent, tip top convent, prashant high school, central provincial school, vinayak rao deshmukh school, sant sawta high school, st mb high school, gh raisoni, north point school, cds school, nsvm fulwari school, shrimati dadibai deshmukh hindu girls high school, bhavan's bhagwandas purohit vidya mandir sri krishna nagar, new english high school, ujjwal vidyalaya, royal public school, anand choubey memorial high school, bhagwati girls high school, dharampeth english medium school and new horizon public school are among the schools participating in the exhibition.
this story is from february 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: chief minister devendra fadnavis and union minister nitingadkari gadkari on saturday performed e-bhoomipuja of 13 works collectively valued at over rs367.
64 crore, in jaitala bazar chowk which falls in the formers constituency.
the works included orange city street, cement road works and laying of underground electric cables.
the proposed mall here will improve the financial condition of the cash-strapped nagpur municipal corporation as it will earn rs150 crore property tax every year.
besides, it will also generate 5,000 jobs for nagpurians, he said.
the project is spread over 31.
15 hectares on the 5.
5km long stretch of land from wardha road to jaitala t-point via khamla, bhamti, parsodi and takli.
the rs2,500 crore proposed orange city street will be developed in three phases over eight years with residential, commercial, hospitality, retail and recreational facilities.
the other projects will also help nmc to earn rs750 crore.
fadnavis said that the state government has taken utmost care to avoid land acquisition while carrying out infrastructure work.
we have already approached the supreme court for deletion of zhudpi jungle where slums have come up, he said.
the cm claimed that only 70 houses will be affected in constructing a new taxiway at the airport.
the affected families will be settled in their original jaitala bhamti locality, he added.
district guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mlc anil sole, mla sudhakar kohle, mayor nanda jichkar, nmc ruling party leader sandip joshi, collector ashwin mudgal , municipal commissioner abhijit bangar, md mahametro b dixit among others were present at the programme.
this story is from november 3, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: along with standard gauge metros that run on separate tracks, high speed broad gauge metros that run on railway tracks would be promoted to connect big cities with nearby towns, said hardeep singh puri , union minister for housing and urban affairs.
in delhi we already have drawn up plans to connect the capital with towns like alwar, meerut, panipat, etc.
the total length of the network will be 370km, said the minister while addressing the inaugural session of urban mobility india conference in city on friday.
puri further said that manufacturers were ready to invest in such systems and they would definitely succeed if fares were reasonable.
union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has already initiated the process of connecting nagpur with ramtek, katol, wardha and bhandara through broad gauge metro.
turning to conventional metros, puri said, state government cant step in every time and provide funds.
local bodies have to raise their own finances through municipal bonds and securitizing their land.
however, its financial condition is poor and its share will be generated by commercial utilization of its land.
if the entire nmc land in the city is commercially utilized it can generate rs4,000 crore.
this amount will be divided between nmc, mahametro and nagpur improvement trust (nit), he added.
crude oil was a problem for india as its by-products created pollution and its purchased needed foreign exchange.
we will promote electric buses and cars.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said that maharashtra was on the forefront of developing metros.
we have planned 570km metro lines of which 400km have already been approved.
work has already started on 260km, he added.
in mumbai we are integrating modes of public transport.
we have firmed up plans to start water transport.
we will launch a mobile application in which a commuter will be able to see how to reach his destination using various modes of public transport, he further said.
martin ney, german ambassador to india, and alexandre ziegler, french ambassador to india, also expressed their views.
this story is from december 31, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mangaluru: prime minister narendra modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday inaugurated the thokkottu flyover.
what made this inauguration interesting was the fact that it was workers of the ullal unit of dyfi who donned face masks of the trio in a mock rehearsal of the inauguration, which nhai and the concessionaire had assured would be ready by december 30.
with work on the pumpwell and thokkottu flyovers triggering memes, dime a dozen, causing embarrassment to nalin, and political parties using it to score political brownie points, the ullal unit sought to remind the mp about one more deadline for the project having ended on sunday.
santhosh bajal, district secretary of dyfi, said even 50  of the work on the thokkottu flyover is not complete, and it is unlikely to be completed soon.
the modi government that came to power in 2014 promising achhe din for citizens has still not been able to provide an achhi sadak (good road) for the people of this city, said santhosh.
the two incomplete flyovers in the city are a prime example of the apathy of the central government, he said, adding the mock inauguration was only to highlight the failure on part of the mp and the authorities concerned, to ensure that deadlines are met.
daring nalin kumar kateel to ensure that he keeps his word rather than mislead th people with lies on the project completion deadline, cpm zonal secretary krishnappa salian said it is time that the nhai and the concessionairenavagyug udupi tollway pvt ltd completed the work.
congress spokesperson farooq ullal, president of gadinadu rakshana vedike, siddique ullal, and other locals took part in the mock protest to register their angst at the delay in the works.
by- mrunalini kohatnagpur: in a humanitarian gesture, yuva zep pratishthan on saturday launched deendayal thali at government medical college and hospital (gmch) wherein meals will be made available to patients and their relatives coming from far flung areas for just rs10.
the scheme, launched to realize the dream of pandit deendayal upadhyay , a source of inspiration to the bharatiya janata party, to serve the poor and the needy in the best possible manner.
the scheme will cater to thousands of people in need of quality food at the hospital.
addressing the gathering, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari was effusive in his praise of the scheme, saying that baby steps taken in the right direction lead to achieving greater goals.
however, it was later thought that a nominal charge should be taken to make people understand the value of food and inculcate in them the habit of not wasting it.
the condition of patients and their relatives is known to all as many of them have to go without food for want of money.
the lunch box scheme will thus provide them a succour, he added.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said that such initiatives should be promoted.
not only food canteens should be set up but health campaigns regularly organized in rural areas all over the state so that no needy person felt neglected.
medical service is a fundamental right and everyone deserves it, he added.
deendayal thali scheme first started at gorakshan sabha on the initiative of sandip joshi , leader of the ruling party in nagpur municipal corporation.
yuva zep pratishthan soon started providing cheap food to relatives of the patients admitted to various hospitals, especially in dhantoli and ramdaspeth.
over a period of time, it was realized that gmch is the place where such a facility was badly needed.
therefore, after consulting the chief minister, the lunch box scheme was launched there on saturday.
space has been made for the kitchen facility on gmch campus for serving the meals.
many charitable persons too came forward and donated money.
maharashtra energy minister chandrashekar bawankule, minister for medical and water works girish mahajan, minister for food and public distribution girish bapat, mp ajay sancheti, mla sudhakar kohale, mlc nago ganar, mayor nanda jichkar and gmc dean abhimanyu niswade were present at the ceremony.
lack of money and place to stay during the course of medical treatment force the poor patients families to spend nights without food and sleep.
it also highlighted how food, so sacred to the poor, is wasted in big fat weddings, by hotels, and during celebrations.
food finds its way to dustbins at places where such bashes are held.
in the wake of this, the video showcased how yuva zep pratishthan was doing a yeomans job in serving the last person of the society.
this story is from november 23, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
surat: police investigation into a 22-year-old mans death whose body was found on the railway tracks in dindoli area near here has revealed that he was murdered by his uncle and other family members for having an affair with his cousin sister.
the deceased was initially declared dead in a train accident and later suspected that he may have committed suicide.
however, police investigation revealed that it was a murder case.
shailesh parmar, a cleaning worker employed with surat municipal corporation , was found dead on the railway tracks in dindoli on november 9.
a case of accidental death was registered at dindoli police station because preliminary postmortem findings suggested that parmar had died after being crushed under the wheels of a train.
but the deceaseds brother alleged that parmar was murdered.
police booked jaysukh suvala, his son nitingadkari and nephew vijay vaghela for murder.
police investigation revealed that parmar had an affair with a 22-year-old girl who was daughter of his fathers sister.
suvala decided to kill parmar on coming to know about their relationship.
vaghela invited parmar for drinking liquor on november 9 and took him to the railway tracks where the other two accused were present.
they thrashed parmar following which he fell unconscious.
the accused placed an unconscious parmar on the railway tracks and within a few minutes a train crushed him.
the accused before leaving the spot checked to ensure that he was dead.
the body was in bad condition when found and hence it was not clear if he had been murdered.
but based on doubt, police started investigation and found the truth, said a police officer of dindoli police station.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
at 74, brian dcosta stands holding the iron gate of his cramped home at sada, vasco, with both hands, as though the burden of age is weighing him down.
his large, transparent glasses sitting heavy on his nose, he is taking in the afternoon breeze, prior to lunch followed by a quick nap.
dcosta could not afford this luxury until some days ago, with his residential colony directly in the path of the wind blowing from the mormugao port trusts (mpt) coal handling berth.
a film of black particles would cover everything inside and outside his home.
a temporary suspension of coal handling at mpt by the goa state pollution control board (gspcb) had brought some relief, especially to residents of sadas upper jetty area, one of the worst sufferers of the coal pollution.
but this relief is not to last much longer as gspcb has now allowed coal handling to resume after handler companies pay a penalty which has been imposed on them.
there are 875 homes in the upper jetty area alone that are affected.
yet, dcosta is not in any mood to criticise the coal handling by the two companies  one a unit of jindal steel work and the other owned by adani.
a pensioner of mpt, it is a double-edged sword for the senior citizen, who supports the orphaned son of his daughter.
like the association of the around 20,000 mpt employees, pensioners, and their dependants, dcosta points to the thoughtless manner in which decisions are taken by the state government and the careless approach to lives in monitoring operations.
my neighbours must have bitterly complained about the coal pollution, didnt they?
but i am myself a pensioner of the mpt.
the mpt is already running into losses.
they are asking employees to leave.
when the iron ore mining issue was blown up for political reasons, no one cared to verify the figure of rs 35,000 crore claimed as loss to state exchequer due to illegal mining.
now, if coal handling also stops, what happens to us, dcosta questions.
union minister for ports nitingadkari gadkari has already issued a warning to mpt to pull up its sleeves to close the gap in losses.
goa port and dock employees union augustino dcosta asks why gspcb had not proactively monitored the coal handling.
it took complaints from sada residents like parshuram sonurlekar, not to mention the attention brought to the issue by media, for gspcb to call for implementation of the terms of consent to operate.
the heaps of coals awaiting their onward journey are now covered with giant tarpaulin sheets.
earlier, they were seen left carelessly exposed.
south west port ltd. of jsw alone has permission to handle 4 lakh tonne of coal per month.
it is estimated that each wagon used for coal handling carries at least five truckloads of coal.
the winter months see the wind direction change and this is when things get most unpleasant for vasco residents.
my mother-in-law lives in the heart of vasco city.
sada residents may be facing the worst of the coal dust onslaught, but even in the city we had to swab our floors twice a day to keep my toddler niece safe, local kaushalya gadekar says.
sonu jadhav, 63, retired from the navy as a labourer, had come to goa from maharashtra in search of a better life in 1980.
and it did seem like a better existence, until now.
jadhav is suffering from an acute respiratory illness today, and anxiously waits for the results of his sputum test results carried out at the chicalim cottage hospital.
nearly everyone in his neighbourhood is suffering from a cold, he says, adding that children and elderly are at the highest risk.
i have to take the test results to the tb hospital in panaji .
when the coal handling was on, we could not walk barefoot inside our home.
our feet would turn black.
all water and food had to be covered for fear of contamination.
before the authorities enforced the conditions, the coal was left completely open and the particles would be floating around all the time, jadhav says, staring into air as though the black particles are haunting his existence.
but dcosta prefers to take a more guarded stand on the coal pollution.
he fears that another reckless decision by authorities could mean shut down of the very port, around which the port town of vasco was built.
he begs for a more well-measured approach to the pollution issue.
what is the alternative to the employment that will be lost if mpt shuts down?
there has to be a better system in place to monitor the pollution while coal handling continues, he says.
this story is from january 15, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: chief minister manohar parrikar on monday laid the foundation stone for infrastructure works at the integrated school complex at cujira  the pandit deendayal upadhyaya vidhya sankul.
works will include creating a new access road, improved parking lot and a sewage treatment plant (stp).
after a gap of 11 days, parrikar visited his office at the secretariat on monday.
following treatment, parrikar couldnt attend office for months.
january 1 was the first day he went to the secretariat since august 2018.
parrikar later inspected the third mandovi bridge to review the progress of the bridge.
he also inaugurated the single window portal of the goa investment promotion and facilitation board.
a government official said that the portal is a reflection of government commitment towards promoting ease of doing business in goa and is a point source for all approvals required by the industry.
speaking to reporters after the chief minister laid the foundation stone for cujira, vice chairman goa state infrastructure development corporation (gsidc) sidharth kuncalienkar said that schools at integrated complex were constructed without basic infrastructure, which is why the government constituted a task force to put the necessary infrastructure in place.
the task force held meetings with various stakeholders, school managements, teachers, students and parents and drew up a master plan for the complex, kuncalienkar said.
it was decided to provide one more entrance, parking space, facilities for sports, stp, bus parking, standard operating procedure for security and maintenance and to develop a green campus, he said.
we have appointed an contractor and work has started, kuncalienkar said, adding that work will be completed in a time-bound manner.
the gsidc chairman said that the corporation had requested union minister nitingadkari gadkari to sanction an underpass near the cujira complex, which he did.
around 7,500 students study at cujira and around 120 buses drop and pick the students.
this story is from december 14, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: at a time when the modi government is engaged in a legal batle to get fugitive businessman vijay mallya extradited back to india, union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari has questioned the rationale behind declaring him a wilful defaulter and said if he had failed as a businessman, he should get another chance.
he was speaking at times networks india economic conclave in the city.
if a person was repaying debt for 40 years, and due to some issues he is not able to meet his debt obligations later, can you declare him a wilful defaulter?
he said it was only after entering the aviation business that mallya could not repay loans.
he called for a more pragmatic approach towards banks bad loan resolution process, saying businesses go through cycles and when a company is going through a downward cycle, it needs support.
there are risks in the business, be it banking or insurance, there are ups and downs.
but, if the mistakes are bona fide, forgive him and give him another chance, he said.
anything can happen in cricket and politics.
there are things that influence people's decisions at the village panchayat level, district level, state level and national level  one cant always gauge the diverse factors at play.
he also said the recent poll results were not a mandate on bjps developmental model.
no one wants to take the credit for defeat.
but our development model has been strong and the recent polls are not sole indicators of what weve done.
.
.
some people play cheap politics and try to score, he said.
file photomake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: ailing goa chief minister manohar parrikar was admitted to the goa medical college and hospital (gmch) late saturday night, a statement said.
the chief minister's office in the statement said he was taken to the gmch for upper gi endoscopy.
his health condition continues to be stable, the cmo said, adding parrikar would be kept under observation for around 48 hours.
parrikar, 63, has been suffering from a pancreatic ailment since the last one year and is recuperating at his private residence.
state health minister vishwajit rane arrived at the gmch to inquire about parrikar's condition.
he said the chief minister was kept in an isolated ward, but his condition was stable and he was doing well.
i spoke to him (parrikar), tomorrow he will go home.
he has come here for a check up, rane told reporters outside gmch.
the chief minister is a fighter.
he told me to go home.
he is under observation.
there is nothing to worry about or speculate.
he is absolutely fine, the minister added.
he will be admitted for a day under observation.
the doctors must have wanted some tests to be done.
by tomorrow evening he should be back home, he said.
the chief minister, who met state town and country planning minister vijai sardesai in the evening to discuss politics and administration, was shifted to gmch, almost four km away from his residence, at around 10 pm.
parrikar was diagnosed with the ailment in february last year.
on february 14, 2018 he fell ill and was shifted to gmch from where he was taken to lilavati hospital in mumbai next day.
the chief minister had returned to goa on february 20, 2018 to present the state budget during then ongoing assembly session.
he left for the us for treatment on march 3, 2018 and returned on june 14, 2018.
parrikar attended monsoon session of state legislative assembly from july 19 to august 3, and left for the us on august 10 for a second round of check up.
he returned to goa on august 22, 2018.
as he continued being treated at a make-shift medical facility at his residence, parrikar was shifted to all india institute of medical sciences at new delhi on september 15.
after almost a month-long treatment, he returned to goa on october 14, 2018.
parrikar joined the office on january 2, 2019 after a gap of two and a half months.
on january 27, he attended the inauguration of the third bridge on river mandovi along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
he also attended budget session on january 29 and presented state budget next day.
on the last day of session, on january 31, he was taken for treatment at aiims, new delhi and returned to goa on february 5.
nagpur: cricket icon and bharat ratna sachin tendulkar on saturday said specially-abled and visually impaired athletes were the greatest examples of those making the impossible possible.
tendulkar was addressing a gathering at the 'khasdar krida mahotsav' initiative of union minister nitingadkari gadkari in nagpur.
tendulkar, citing an example of the 1990s when he participated in a cricket match for the visually impaired, said he tried playing with his eyes closed.
a lot of times, we say it is impossible but the word impossible also says that 'i'm possible'.
specially-abled and visually impaired athletes are the greatest examples of this, he said.
and this we realise when we spend time with these athletes.
how much skill they have and how nicely their senses work and how much we can learn from them, he added.
tendulkar said one should appreciate and value what he or she had and progress in that.
praising gadkari for the initiative, tendulkar said success is never guaranteed and added that one needed mental preparation for it, though even then the result is sometimes not what one wanted.
but that should not become a reason for taking short cuts.
i want to tell athletes to focus on preparation because you will face ups and downs in life and things will not go the way you wanted, he said.
sometimes the referee's decision is in your favour and sometimes it goes against you.
but when the decision goes against you, you should accept it sportingly.
and prepare your heart on how you will compete in the fairest possible way in future, he said.
this story is from february 5, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
gadkari and external affairs minister sushma swaraj also flagged off a car rally from delhi to myanmar from rajghat.
the rally will travel through places historically associated with mahatma gandhi , both in india, as well as in bangladesh and myanmar, and will conclude at yangon in myanmar on the february 24, covering 7,250 km.
gurugram: pwd minister rao narbir singh on sunday announced that work on the stalled greater southern peripheral road (g-spr) project, to connect delhi-gurugram border to imt manesar, should gain pace, now that punjab and haryana high court has vacated a stay order on land acquisition that it had imposed in 2016.
huda had started acquisition for the 40km-long gspr in 2016, but faced a challenge from a land owner.
some villagers had filed a case before the high court, challenging the acquisition in naurangpur village and nearby areas, and got a stay from court.
with the stay now vacated, the state will have to issue a fresh notification for acquisition, but huda is raring to start the process.
the high court has vacated the stay over acquisition by dismissing the case filed by land owners, paving the way for construction of g-spr as per the master plan, said the pwd minister, adding that once complete, this road would offer an alternative route between delhi-gurugram border and imt manesar, which are connected only through delhi-gurugram expressway (nh-8) at present, and thus reduce congestion on the nh-8.
the minister added the road will branch out from nh-8 at imt manesar, pass through badshapur as it proceeds towards gurugram-faridabad road, cross mg road and again merge with nh-8 near sirhaul on the delhi-gurugram border from behind ambience mall.
the road is supposed to be constructed as per gurugram-manesar plan 2031.
this road will be more like an outer ring road for the city, he said, adding they are trying to convince nhai to build it, for which, he has already met union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
the road is expected to benefit villages along the road, while also reducing congestion on nh-8, and thereby pollution in the city.
as per sources, nhai is not keen on building the road, due to high cost of land acquisition.
the initial survey had indicated the project was not viable due to high cost of land acquisition.
thats why a fresh feasibility study is now being carried out, in view of haryanas new policy, announced in late 2017, of transit oriented development (tod), under which land along the road will get additional far, said the source.
around 395 acres has to be acquired in eight villages for g-spr.
they are  aklimpur (5.
95 acre), tekliki (62.
95 acre), sakatpur (68.
90 acre), sikohour (15.
92 acre), naurangpur (49.
40 acre), bar gujjar (99.
13 acre), nainwal (59.
92 acre) and manesar (33.
15 acre).
the road will be 90m-wide with a 30m-green belt on either side.
the land will be acquired by huda and handed over to the developer  which could be nhai  for construction.
this story is from october 21, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the state-level mahalaxmi saras exhibition will get be held at south central zone cultural centre campus, civil lines, from october 21 to november 2.
mahalaxmi saras is an initiative of state government to provide a marketing platform to rural artisans, entrepreneurs and self-help groups (shgs) to display their products.
addressing a press conference here on friday, zilla parishad ceo sanjay yadav said that the exhibition will be jointly organized by state government, gram vikas parishad and panchayat raj department.
entry to the expo, which will be open from 10am to 10pm, is free.
the exhibition will be inaugurated by chief minister devendra fadnavis, while minister of rural development, women and child welfare pankaja munde palwe will preside.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari, guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule and mla dadaji bhuse will pay a visit to it.
around 150 women shgs from all over the state will display their products.
various stalls like warli artwork, madhubani painting, jute and leather bags, earthenware, artwork, household items will be displayed.
sessions on women education and empowerment have also been organized.
chennai: after being seen as a natural partner of the ruling aiadmk , the bjp is now trying to maintain a distance from the ruling aiadmk.
the state unit of the bjp has also taken an aggressive stand by holding agitations in the wake of cyclone ockhi and in the run up to the r k nagar bypoll.
union minister pon radhakrishnan on wednesday while campaigning for his party candidate in r k nagar on wednesday night, compared the edappadi k palaniswami-o panneerselvam dispensation to that of a leaning tower.
he said neither its survival could be predicted nor ensured.
his remark comes close on the heels of governor banwarilal purohit actively engaging himself in state affairs, presenting representations to the centre on state welfare measure, including cyclone relief.
the party has been holding protests against the state government's indifference in cyclone relief and called for a district-wide bandh on friday against the disparity in relief amount for the damage and human loss.
i stand by what i said.
this government does not enjoy the majority support of its legislators, nor do they have support of the people.
there is neither cooperation within the unified party nor are decisions unanimous among members, radhakrishnan told toi from nagercoil.
escalating the attacks on the ruling camp, the party also joined the election fray in r k nagar fielding its general secretary karu nagarajan to take on the warring ruling camp.
radhakrishnan said the state remained lackadaisical on many issues.
we have not changed our stand from the past.
neither did we support them (aiadmk) blindly nor opposed it.
our cooperation is confined to the government for welfare schemes not to the party heading the government, he added.
incidentally, bjp cadres led by state president tamilisai soundarajan, alleging money distribution to voters, held a dharna on tiruvottiyur high road on saturday and sought action by the election commission against aiadmk, dmk and rebel leader ttv dhinakaran.
we are not partners of the ruling camp.
it is all a ploy of the opposition parties to discredit us, said tamilisai.
visits of union ministers to the state have increased.
their agenda is to ensure the development of the state.
governor purohit called on finance minister arun jaitley to brief him on the conditions in kanyakumari based on the information he had gathered during his visit to the cyclone affected areas on december 7.
chief minister palaniswami visited the devastated district five days later.
the governor is well within his rights to visit and review the rehabilitation measures.
on, said bjp state general secretary vanathi srinivasan.
as for alliances, she said, we will decide our partners only during polls.
this story is from december 1, 2018picture for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: the assembly elections held on wednesday will prove to be make-or-break for several prominent politicians, as they await the people's verdict sealed in the evms till december 11.
for some heavyweights, a loss marks an uncertain future, while for freshers a severe jolt.
the most talked about high-profile constituency in the state is budhni in sehore district from where three-time chief minister shivraj singh chouhan is seeking a re-election.
pitted against his is former state congress chief arun yadav and son of late subhash yadav, a prominent farmer and cooperatives leader from the state.
the presence of yadav, an obc candidate having a wide acceptability among farmers had spiced up the contest in budhni.
a win for chouhan and a defeat for the bjp in state will put him in a spot of bother.
after representing lok sabha for five terms, he was sent to mp as chief minister and he made history by being re-elected thrice.
now, chouhan will have to find a role for himself in the state or at the centre in case the party suffers a setback, say political pundits.
likewise, mp assembly speaker sitasharan sharma is locked in a tough battle against veteran sartaj singh, who turned rebel and was fielded by the congress after bjp refused to give him a ticket from hoshangabad.
in this tussle, sitasharan finds himself pitted against his own mentor and guru.
sartaj was the leader who helped bjp win and strengthen its foothold in hoshangabad lok sabha seat.
he was dropped from the shivraj cabinet based on 75+ age criteria along with former chief minister babulal gaur and not fielded by the party.
sartaj is so well entrenched in the constituency that he had defeated senior congress leader late arjun singh from hoshangabad in 1998 lok sabha general elections.
in bhojpur, all eyes are on congress veteran suresh pachauri, who had served as minister of state for defence in the union cabinet during pv narasimha rao's government.
pachauri, a rajya sabha member for long time, is fighting a decisive battle against bjp minister surendra patwa from the industrial hub of madhya pradesh.
an interesting battle is also in the offing in waraseoni, where sanjay masani, brother-in-law of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, has locked horns with the sitting bjp mla, yogendra nirmal.
masani is fighting his first poll against the saffron party, for which he had been working since last 13 years.
he also hit limelight by switching over to congress for this ticket.
both, congress and bjp are facing a tough challenge from gaurav pandit, an independent candidate, who has a big sway among pawar community members in the region.
another first-timer for electoral battle, tribal leader, dr hiralal alawa, who challenged both congress and bjp in dhar and jhabua district on tribal issues, shocked everyone including his supporters by joining the fray as a congress candidate from manawar.
banking upon the tribal support, alawa is challenging former minister ranjana baghel a few other novices have also been drawn into the poll battle including akash, son of bjp heavyweight kailash vijayavargiya in indore-3 where he is locked in a keen battle against former congress mla, ashwin joshi.
bjp has also fielded two young leaders - fatima rasool siddiqui from bhopal north against congress heavyweight and five-time winner, arif aqueel while, in sanchi (raisen) and mudit, son of cabinet minister gaurishankar shejwar, who decided to withdraw from the fray.
likewise, in ghattiya assembly seat of ujjain bjp chose to filed ajit, son of former congress mp, premchand guddu, who switched to the party for the ticket.
in rajnagar, nitingadkari , son of former congress stalwart, satyavrat chaturvedi is fielded by the samajwadi party against arvind pateria of bjp and vikram singh 'nati raja' from congress.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: the nagpur university (nu) postgraduate hindi department has taken up sustainable development, transportation, eco-friendly measures and digital connectivity as subthemes for its international conference redefining environmental governance for smart city to be held at guru nanak bhavan on march 2.
the choice of topic hasnt raised eyebrows as much as the selection of chief guest, partnering outfit and inclusion of bjp leaders in the advisory and organizing committees.
starting with nitingadkari gadkari as chief guest, mlas milind mane and pankaj bhoyar, mlcs anil sole and nago ganar feature in the committees which also have several members of saffron outfits.
the hindi department has joined hands with vidyapeeth shikshan manch, an rss affiliate, to hold the conference at the nu facility.
the development comes against the backdrop of gadkari's no politics remark last month during the 106th convocation.
cancellation of cpi (m) general secretary sitaram yechurys talk in 2017 and objection to discussion by students and teachers on author nayantara sahgals address are pointers to nu top brasss bias, say insiders.
the department had drawn flak for poor management of its international conference on bharatiya sahitya on february 14.
on february 15, toi had reported how playwright mahesh elkunchwar was miffed with the organizers while an important intellect didnt get a chance to speak at all.
nu top officials are mum on the issue.
vice chancellor sp kane, pro-vc pramod yeole and acting registrar neeraj khaty didnt respond to tois calls, smses and emails.
hindi department head pramod sharma said he was only following orders as the university has appointed him director of the conference.
demanding resignation of vc, nationalist congress party youth wing city president shailendra tiwari said the nu administration has become a mere puppet in the hands of bjp and rss.
the university doesnt allow other political groups to hold any event on its premises but spreads red carpet for the saffron organizations.
this is waste of students money.
kane must tender his resignation if he is not able to deal with the bjp-rss pressure, he said.
tiwari, who accused kane of rs2.
5lakh wasteful expenditure in the event, said he would lead a protest to nu on tuesday.
nu shikshan manch president kalpana pande, who is one of the patrons of the conference, ruled out any politics in the event.
everything activity shouldnt be linked to bjp and rss.
it is purely an academic activity and being done openly, she said.
asked about preference for hindi department, she said any other department could have been chosen but availability of manpower it was selected.
it is any interdisciplinary conference, said pande.
on the charge including saffron members, pande said, due permissions of vc, management council members and those from other outfits was taken.
the nuta too has an office on nu premises but nobody protested, she said.
this story is from february 6, 2019ch vidyasagar rao (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ramtek:showing no qualms about governments association with rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao , on tuesday, said he was proud to be part of sanghstan and that misconceptions abound about the saffron organisation.
the new term, publicly used by rao to denote the nagpur-based rss, took even the dignitaries by surprise, including union minister nitingadkari gadkari and rss general secretary bhaiyaji joshi, both one-time pracharaks.
governor rao said, we all have come from sanghstan and are proud to be associated with it, before his address, but he used the word several times in his 30-minute speech at the inauguration of ms golwarkar gurukul at the kavikulguru kalidas sanskrit university (kksu).
cm devendra fadnavis and education minister vinod tawde skipped the event.
nagpur: international life coach swami gaur gopal das from iskcon said positive attitude towards simple things in life can bring about success to every man and woman.
a large number of youths and people from every age group listened to das as he delivered a motivational lecture yuvakana margadarshan as a part of khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav organized on saturday.
every person in this world wants to know the secrete behind success in professional as well as personal life.
having positive attitude is the key to achieving success in life, said das.
everybody has a different definition for success, depending upon the various stages of life.
not stopping at achieving short-term goals, we must embrace teachings of our culture, dharma and traditions, added das.
das asked the youth to focus on attitude rather than outer personality.
our culture teaches us to respect every small thing in our surroundings, he said.
speaking about the aspects of success, das said, one must learn to digest failures and remain determined to achieve success.
if you never give up, you go up in life.
also, we must never hesitate to take help from capable persons in desperate times.
we must also support those who are in need.
our life must be like a burning candle, which burns itself but bring light to everyones life, he said.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari , guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, mla ashish deshmukh, municipal commissioner ashwin mudgal and others were present at the programme.
this story is from november 17, 2018(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: from monday, mumbaikars can wine and dine on the decks of two floating restaurants-queensline-neverland and sea yah-off mumbai port and gateway of india.
union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari is slated to throw them open on saturday.
visitors will be able to board them by taking smaller boats from the domestic cruise terminal near the gateway of india and ferry wharf , which is approachable via purple gate.
a new gate is being opened for tourists near eastern freeway.
.
.
landing point to enter the domestic terminal area.
this will ease the entry and exit of visitors to the cruises and restaurants.
the party bookings for the floatels will be online, said mbpt chairman sanjay bhatia.
the capacity of each restaurant is around 300 visitors.
gadkari will also perform bhoomipujan for construction of the mbpt water front project on saturday and unveil a tender to build a ropeway connecting the port to elephanta.
the water front is expected to be open for visitors by mid-2019.
mbpt has given its nod for round-the-clock operation of restaurants and rights to operate a cruise.
chandigarh: union food processing industry minister harsimrat kaur badal on friday requested union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari to exclude tractors used for agricultural purpose from category of commercial vehicles.
she reasoned, if not excluded, the decision would have a detrimental effect on lives of lakhs of farmers across the country.
in a letter addressed to gadkari, harsimrat said tractors have been excluded from the category of non-transport vehicles in the new rules and it means that tractors used for agricultural purposes would be treated at par with commercial transport vehicles.
she added that as the new law would come into force, all laws governing commercial vehicles would be applicable on tractors like requirement of permit, minimum educational qualification for driving besides financial constraint of higher goods and services tax which would go up from 12  to 28 .
she requested gadkari to reconsider the decision, given the demographic profile and economic condition of farmers in the country, especially in the agrarian state of punjab.
this story is from january 14, 2019mpcc president ashok chavan and other congress leaders at concluding function of partys jansangharsh yatra at.
.
.
read morebjp slammed overissuecongress factionalism to fore againdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: successive defeats in elections had demoralized the party workers but bjps defeat in three states has recharged them and now they are confident that rahul gandhi will be the prime minister in 2019, said ashok chavan , president of maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc).
he was addressing the concluding function of partys jansangharsh yatra at police ground on sunday.
the former chief minister said that bjp had won the 2014 general elections by making false promises.
providing 10  reservation to poor among upper castes is another poll gimmick.
you can expect more such decisions in the coming days, he said.
chavan alleged that bjp was trying to hijack mahatma gandhis ideology though it was diametrically opposite to that of father of the nation.
bjp built a statue of our leader vallabhbhai patel but the ideological height of the person who inaugurated it ( narendra modi ) was very short.
this is a big tragedy for the nation, he said.
he described the press conference convened by four supreme court judges last year as the blackest day of bjp governments rule.
the director of central bureau of investigation (cbi), the top most investigative agency in our country, was thrown out like a peon.
editors and journalists who write against bjp have lost their jobs.
democracy is under threat in this country.
the government wants to change the constitution drafted by babasaheb ambedkar, said chavan.
vijay wadettiwar, deputy leader of congress in state assembly, said that bjp had not done any development but made false promises and indulged in corruption.
however, his ministrys budget is only rs65,000 crore, he said.
former mp vilas muttemwar said that congress had done all the hard work for nagpur metro and bjp had hijacked the project.
this government is only building cement roads, he said.
former mps nana patole and avinash pande, senior congress leader ulhas pawar and city congress president vikas thakre also expressed their views.
chavan slammed bjp government for cancelling the invitation to writer nayantara sahgal for 92nd akhil bharatiya marathi sahitya sammelan.
when bjp leaders came to know that sahgal would criticize the party, they forced the sammelan organizers to cancel her invitation.
when we were in power, literatteurs used to criticize us but we took it in stride.
we never tried to suppress their voice, he said.
even as congress leaders exhorted party workers to unitedly fight against bjp, factionalism in city congress reared its ugly head again at the event.
former ministers anees ahmed and nitingadkari raut, leader of opposition in nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) tanaji wanve and their supporters were conspicuous by their absence.
senior congress corporator praful gudadhe-patil was seen standing in a corner instead of being seated on the dais.
this story is from december 30, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mangaluru: prime minister narendra modi , union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and dk mp nalin kumar kateel on sunday inaugurated thokkottu flyover.
what made this inauguration interesting was the fact that it was workers of ullal unit of dyfi who donned face masks of the trio in a mock rehearsal of the inauguration, which nhai and the concessionaire had assured would be ready by december 30.
with work on the pumpwell and thokkottu flyovers triggering memes dime a dozen causing embarrassment to nalin and political parties using it to score political brownie points, the ullal unit sought to remind the mp about one more deadline for the project having ended on sunday.
santhosh bajal, district secretary of dyfi said even 50  of the work on the thokkottu flyover is not complete and is unlikely to be completed soon.
the modi government that came to power in 2014 promising achche din to citizens has still not been able to provide a achchi sadak (good road) to people of this city, santhosh said.
the incomplete and lingering work on the two flyovers in the city is a prime example of the apathy, he said, adding the mock inauguration was only to highlight failure on part of the mp and the authorities concerned to ensure that deadlines are met.
daring nalin kumar to ensure that he keeps his word rather than mislead people with lies on project completion deadline, cpm zonal secretary krishnappa salian said it is time that the nhai and the concessionaire  navagyug udupi tollway pvt ltd completed the work.
congress spokesperson farooq ullal, president of gadinadu rakshana vedike siddique ullal and other locals took part in the mock protest to register their angst at the delay.
