police also claimed that sachin had died in accidental firing and there was no caste angle to it.
(express photo) police also claimed that sachin had died in accidental firing and there was no caste angle to it.
(express photo)the meerut police arrested six dalit youths on saturday night, claiming to have busted a conspiracy to create caste violence in western uttar pradesh through the murder of an upper caste leader, to avenge the killing of the brother of bhim armys saharanpur district president kamal walia.
sachin walia had been shot on wednesday in saharanpur.
police also claimed that sachin had died in accidental firing and there was no caste angle to it.
police said that the six arrested  rahul, deepak, satveer singh and ravindra kumar of meerut; and nitingadkari and bunti of ghaziabad, all in their 20s  were bhim army sympathisers.
the arrests were reportedly made from the hastinapur police station area in meerut.
while no weapon was recovered from the six, police said they had seized seven cellphones from them.
while kamal walia refused to speak on the matter, bhim army saharanpur city president paveen gautam denied that the six were its sympathisers.
the meerut unit of the bhim army had been long dissolved, he said.
asserting that sachins death was the result of accidental firing, and not caste-linked as had been made out, additional director general (adg) prashant kumar said, we have collected blood samples and fingerprints from the room where he died on may 9.
our investigations have revealed that an attempt was made to wipe the blood stains from the room.
additional superintendent of police, rural (meerut), rajesh kumar said that since the murder of sachin, they had put a few telephone numbers under surveillance, based on inputs that efforts were being made to create disturbance in western uttar pradesh.
the asp said, a conversation between rahul and nitingadkari revealed that they planned to kill a leading upper caste leader in saharanpur, to avenge the death of sachin and to disturb law and order.
later, other conversations showed more people were involved in the planning.
they had arranged the weapon and vehicle for the crime and were planning to leave for saharanpur soon.
take a look at the indian express power list of 2016-17 not just to see who are the most powerful 100 in this country of a billion plus.
look at it, also, to get a sense of how, over the past year, power has changed hands  and how power itself has changed.
to take the second change first, which is also the context in which the first  the movement of the powerful  is to be tracked: more than any other in recent times, the past year has framed and sharpened an absence in indias liberal democratic imagination.
liberal democracy in india has always seemed ill-trained in the art of separation that produces a check and balance on power, and is also a way of fragmenting it.
democracy in india doesnt ask itself the question, at least not often enough, and not with enough sophistication: what are the bases of different institutions?
what are the different kinds of power?
it is in this space of unasked questions that the steep climb and precipitous fall of individuals in the ie power list tells a story, of course.
large meanings can also be prised from the small shifts.
the top three of 2016-17 remain the same as in 2015-16  prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah and rss sarsanghchalak mohan bhagwat  but with a difference.
while modi remains numero uno, shah trades places with bhagwat.
the moving up of shah, the stepping down of bhagwat, if only by a rung each, speaks of an unfolding realignment within the sangh parivar  the dramatic electoral successes of the modi-shah election machine are helping them pull ahead of not just their opponents and rivals but also their friends.
the year 2015-2016 was when the political opposition struck back at the bjp dominance established by its 282-seat triumph in 2014  first arvind kejriwals aap routed the bjp in delhi, then the nitish kumar-lalu prasad mahagathbandhan trounced it in bihar.
it was also the year when the bjps political project seemed challenged by events and stories outside the political arena that snowballed, acquired power, became writ large  the murder of mohammad akhlaq in dadri over rumours of beef in september 2015, the suicide of dalit student rohith vemula at the hyderabad university campus in january 2016.
this was followed by the spreading protests against the arrest of students in jnu on charges of sedition, which also stoked a wide and vibrant debate on the meaning of nationalism.
yet, in 2017, that agitation and those debates seem frayed and faded already.
their dramatis personae, like the fiery jnu student leaders, are no longer prominent on the stage.
they have been relegated by the inevitable return to business-as-usual, yes, but also by the sound and spectacle of the bjps electoral victories, especially and most recently in uttar pradesh.
unsurprising, then, that a host of opposition leaders move down the power list: arvind kejriwal slips from no.
8 to 33, mayawati who was at 30 last year is now at 50, and lalu prasad is down from 26 to 42.
the gandhis, sonia and rahul, may not show as great a fall  from 5 to 9 and from 9 to 10, respectively.
but there is a settled stolid dullness to their ranking, especially when you contrast it with the blistering trajectory of yogi adityanath, a new entrant at no.
8, or himanta biswa sarma who left the congress to become powerful in the bjp, and who is also a new entry in the list, at 37.
nitish kumar, who had seemed for a while last year to be the emerging rallying point for anti-bjp forces, has receded only from 12 to 13, but in his case, the rungs he hasnt climbed are more telling.
all those who are on the list are there because of the individuals that they are and because of the institutions and offices that they represent.
but the rise in the list of chief justice khehar, from 41 to 4, and the entry of dipak misra at 15 and justice lodha at 78, owes more to their institution  the judiciary  at a time when other checks and balances on concentrated executive power are waning.
how these individuals act on their institutions, steer their course, will determine their ranking in next years list.
and what about the non-political powerful of 2016-17?
except for the feisty kangana ranaut gatecrashing this list of 90 men and 10 women,as she has done bollywood, in the most powerful and empowering way possible, well, what about them?
here is the list:also read | the most powerful indians in 2017, 51 to 100: aamir khan moves up to 61, chidambaram at 711.
narendra damodardas modi, 66prime minister of india(rank 2016: 1)whybecause nearly three years into his term, he remains the unchallenged number 1.
because under him, the bjp looks unstoppable, forcing the opposition to continually play catch-up.
every key move the modi government makes  from surgical strikes to demonetisation  is done in his name.
under him, the prime ministers office wields almost absolute power, inviting awe and criticism in equal measure.
his relentless campaigning fuelled the partys sweep in uttar pradesh, setting the stage for 2019.
his constant communication underlines the power of his politics.
power punchdemonetisation.
its economics may have been suspect but its politics was pure gold.
he proved his critics wrong and projected the hugely disruptive note ban as a transformational reform that people must support for the greater good.
and they did.
what nexthalfway into his term, hes looking beyond 2019.
economy and employment, rising expectations of the young remain his key challenges at home that will also define his place in the world.
by the wayhe loves photography, shoots a lot and always directs photographers even as he poses for them.
2.
amit shah, 52bjp president(rank 2016: 3)whyhe pushes the rss chief down one rank because he has established himself as the bjps trump card.
despite the criticism over his style of functioning, shah has proved he is the most effective strategist, whether in uttar pradesh, maharashtra or manipur.
he not only led the party to historic victories in up and uttarakhand by stitching together a new social coalition, but also choreographed the bjp takeover of goa and manipur.
power punchshah stuck to his handpicked candidates for uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, including some who joined the party on the eve of the release of the list.
what nextelections in gujarat later this year.
he realises the partys performance here is tied to his prestige as well as that of the pm.
by the wayhe has been on a strict weight-loss programme and has already lost over 15 kg.
3.
mohan bhagwat, 66rss sarsanghchalak(rank 2016: 2)whywithout rocking any boats, like in the atal bihari vajpayee years, he has ensured that the rss and the bjp government remain in step and in sync.
despite the rebellion in the goa unit and some swayamsevaks carping over tickets in up and uttarakhand, bhagwats sangh has emerged as the perfect foil to the modi government.
power punchhis public disagreements are keenly heard.
for instance, his disapproval of the draft education policy prompted the centre to review it.
what nextto push the rss agenda on triple talaq and empowerment of dalits and other backward classes, especially in southern states.
by the wayfinds time to watch movies with close friends from nagpur.
4.
j s khehar, 64chief justice of india(rank 2016: 41)whywith the judiciary and the executive locked in a struggle over delay in appointments to the higher judiciary and a new memorandum of procedure (mop), the cji, who heads the collegium that clear the names of judges for high courts and the apex court, plays a key role.
besides, he will hear all important pils in the supreme court.
power punchthe sc collegium under him has stood its ground, virtually rejecting every contentious clause that the modi government wanted in the new mop.
what nexthe is expected to head the constitution bench that will decide the validity of aadhaar and the contours of the right to privacy.
by the wayhe often refers to his wife as sher khan and tiger.
5.
ajit doval, 72national security advisor(rank 2016: 18)whybecause he is the most important bureaucrat in the modi government.
he has the prime ministers ear on everything, from foreign policy and the challenges of terror to negotiations with the naga rebels.
power punchfollowing the public announcement of the surgical strikes in pok last november, he is said to have controlled the flow of information and played a key role in shaping the narrative.
what nextto quickly gauge the trump administration and work on common areas so that new delhi is able to tap into the new washington.
by the waystill responds to every single soldierly salutation in his office with a loud and brisk vishraam, araam se.
6.
arun jaitley, 64union finance minister(rank 2016: 4)whythe effective no 2 in the modi cabinet, jaitley has the task of steering the economy towards higher growth amid a slowdown resulting from demonetisation.
with manohar parrikar heading to goa, jaitley holds additional charge of the crucial defence ministry.
power punchafter a series of hectic negotiations with states and political parties, jaitley was able to get the constitutional amendment related to gst passed by parliament.
a crucial indirect tax reform, consensus on which once seemed impossible, gst is likely to be implemented fromjuly 1.
what nextimproving the countrys tax base and ensuring that people stay the course on digital transactions.
by the wayhe is on very friendly terms with captain amarinder singh, the man who defeated him in the bitterly fought amritsar lok sabha contest.
7.
mukesh dhirubhai ambani, 59chairman, reliance industries(rank 2016: 5)whycontinues to remain the richest indian with a net worth of rs 1,75,400 crore (us $26 billion), according to the hurun global rich list.
he is now focusing on his telecom venture, reliance jio, which is making aggressive plans in the segment, giving established players such as airtel a run for their money.
the groups sprawling media ownership is now a role model for other corporates.
power punchjio has secured over 10 crore customers in less than six months.
what nextwith jio set to charge customers from april, his next move in the intensely competitive telecom sector will be keenly watched.
by the waya nature buff, ambani loves to visit wildlife hotspots such as kruger national park in south africa.
8.
yogi adityanath, 44chief minister, uttar pradesh(rank 2016: new entry)whyfor being chief minister of indias most populous state, where the bjp and its allies have come to power with a thumping mandate, winning 325 of 403 seats in the assembly elections.
a key hindutva face of the bjp, he surprised nearly everyone by becoming the partys choice to lead the state government.
power punchwhen he pipped about half-a-dozen aspirants to the post of cm.
long seen as the fringe in the state bjp, he now represents the mainstream.
what nexthe faces the daunting task of balancing the demands of his office with those of his restive and aggressive supporters.
how he does that will decide how effectively the bjp reaps its electoral harvest in up.
the crackdown on meat and the anti-romeo squads have dominated headlines but the yogi story is yet to unfold.
by the wayhe is fond of watches.
wears a rado on his left wrist.
9.
sonia gandhi, 70congress president(rank 2016: 5)whydespite her conscious decision to stay away from the limelight and make way for son rahul, sonia gandhi remains the paramount leader of the congress.
the longest-serving president of the grand old party, she is still the last word and the final arbiter in the party.
though her ill health has forced her to curtail her public appearances, she remains accessible to all leaders.
power punchher strategic absence from the congress working committee meeting, in which her loyalist ak antony broached the topic of rahuls elevation, was a message loud and clear for rahul baiters to fall in line and reconcile with the new normal.
what nextwith the party battered at the polls, she could step down as president but will remain the figurehead.
by the wayshe opens all official communication from congress office bearers and administrative staff all by herself.
also, she personally puts her replies into envelopes and seals them herself.
10.
rahul gandhi, 46congress vice-president(rank 2016: 9)whywith mother sonia gandhi taking a back seat, rahul is now in effective control of the grand old party.
with the bjp unlikely to have the numbers in the rajya sabha, the congress remains the fulcrum of any opposition unity in parliament.
power puncheven though under him the party has seen a string of electoral reverses, he doesnt face any major challenge within the party.
what nexthis long-awaited elevation as congress president could happen this year.
by the wayrahul dabbles in a number of sports.
he is a licensed scuba diving instructor, a black belt in aikido and a squash player.
he is currently reading the english translation of the upanishads.
11.
rajnath singh, 65union home minister(rank 2016: 7)whyone of the heavyweights of the nda government, singh has also been the bjp national president.
he has enjoyed key posts in the government, in part because he has the complete backing of the rss.
in up, singh conducted 102 election rallies, the maximum by a central minister.
power punchsingh was the soft face of the government during the 2016 kashmir unrest and has been instrumental in pushing back left wing extremism to an all-time low.
what nextwith a change of guard in the united states, the next big challenge for the home minister is the upcoming indo-us homeland security dialogue.
back home, he will have to build a new narrative in kashmir, along with handling infiltration from across the border.
by the waysingh is not part of any family whatsapp group and does not keep a mobile with him.
12.
piyush goyal, 52mos, independent for power, coal, new & renewable energy and mines(rank 2016: 46)whyhis ministry has ensured that there is no scarcity of coal.
as a result, while transmission and distribution issues persist, power generation has been sorted out  the countrys power surplus.
in spite of his responsibilities as a senior minister, goyal was appointed to the two-member ministerial group that was to work out a strategy to promote cashless transactions during the demonetisation period.
power punchhas been tasked with executing pms targets, such as power for all and annual renewable energy generation of 175 gw by 2022.
his ministry has already electrified 70 per cent of the 18,452 villages that the pm wants power to reach by may 2018.
he is expected to meet this deadline comfortably.
what nexthas to successfully supervise non-coal auctions being conducted by the states, and sort out transmission and distribution issues with their help.
will also have to reach target of renewable power generation.
by the wayhe hasnt slept for more than five hours a day since he took charge.
is spiritual and meditates.
13.
nitish kumar, 66chief minister, bihar(rank 2016: 12)whyfor being the face of the opposition and the nucleus of the anti-bjp camp.
he is likely to play a key role in putting up a consensus candidate from the non-bjp camp for the post of president of india.
power punchhe was the only opposition leader to back demonetisation, though with a caveat: a good idea, but poorly implemented.
what nextin his third term as chief minister, nitish is definitely looking national with an eye on the 2019 parliamentary elections.
by the wayhas a fascination for the digit 7.
despite moving to the cms official 1, anne marg residence, he retained his previous address at 7, circular road, patna.
14.
mamata banerjee, 62chief minister, west bengal(rank 2016: 15)whyin her second term as chief minister, she remains the most resolute voice critical of pm modi and the bjp in a country where the opposition space is increasingly shrinking.
banerjee has been most vocal on the debate regarding federalism, repeatedly accusing the bjp-led centre of attempting to weaken the federal structure and centralise power.
power punchafter her landslide victory in 2011, which ended the 34-year-old left rule in bengal, banerjee pulled off an even bigger victory in the 2016 assembly polls.
what nexther party will have to contend with the narada investigations, in addition to the ongoing investigations into chit funds.
by the wayshe walks 5-6 km on her treadmill every morning.
she has repeatedly walked up to 10 kms at a stretch, leaving those behind her puffing away at a distance.
15.
dipak misra, 63supreme court judge(rank 2016: new entry)whyhe is set to take over as the chief justice of india in august this year and will have a tenure of over a year.
with tension between the centre and opposition-ruled states, as well as the ruling bjp and opposition parties, showing no signs of abating, the supreme court headed by him could be called upon more frequently to be the final arbiter in constitutional matters.
he will also head the collegium that will have the opportunity to appoint a large number of supreme court and high court judges.
power punchto instill committed patriotism and nationalism, he made it mandatory for all cinema halls in india to play the national anthem before a movie begins, with those present in the hall obliged to stand up to show respect.
what nextthe supreme court bench headed by him is seized of some very important cases, which include reforms in the bcci, plea seeking a refund for sahara investors, the delhi december 16 gangrape-cum-murder, entry of women into keralas sabarimala temple and the cauvery water-sharing dispute.
by the wayhe can quote extempore from shakespeares works.
16.
sushma swaraj, 65external affairs minister(rank 2016: 10)whydespite her ill-health, she has retained her position as one of the topmost cabinet ministers in the modi government.
though she has not travelled over the last year, barring a few occasions, her inputs are considered key to modis foreign policy.
power punchalthough recovering from a kidney transplant, she has been alert and active on twitter.
responds to requests from indians in distress overseas.
what nexther comeback to active official duty in the coming months.
by the wayshe is an ardent krishna devotee, whose images can be seen all over her house.
17.
shivraj singh chouhan, 58chief minister, madhya pradesh(rank 2016: 23)whyhas spent more time in the chief ministers office than any politician in the history of the state, which was once a congress stronghold.
the bjp has won two assembly elections projecting him as the cm.
has even busted the myth that the cm on whose watch the simhastha kumbh is held always loses the seat.
power punchhaving ridden the vyapam scam, there appears to be no challenger to the chief minister as of now.
what nextwith the assembly elections more than a year away in madhya pradesh, there are rumours about his elevation to delhi as a union minister.
by the waywhenever possible, chouhan loves to take a dip in the narmada.
18.
devendra gangadhar fadnavis, 46chief minister, maharashtra(rank 2016: 25)whyfrom policy decisions in maharashtra to drawing up the bjps political strategy, fadnavis remains the go-to man.
has mastered the art of dealing with ally shiv sena, which often plays the role of an aggressive opposition, as well as rival parties, the congress and the nationalist congress party.
power punchunder him, the bjp won 10 municipal corporation elections, 25 zila parishad and 284 panchayat seats.
what nextto tackle the shiv sena, which is more aggressive after the bjps success in the civic polls.
his aim to carry out socio-economic reforms in the state will also be tested.
by the wayhe likes gola bhat and phodnichi poli.
19.
nitin gadkari, 59union minister, road transport and highways(rank 2016: 20)whyhe continues to be one of the top performers in the council of ministers with the reputation of being a doer.
modi is said to openly praise him in ministerial and secretary-level meetings.
some in the party say modi uses gadkaris proximity to the rss leadership to bring nagpur on board on certain issues.
given the governments infrastructure push, he is in charge of a key ministry.
power punchwith the bjp eight short of the magic figure of 21 seats in the 40-member goa assembly, it was gadkari who worked the phones overtime and got mlas to side with the party, completely outsmarting the congress.
what nextafter the success in goa, his stock in the party has gone up.
by the wayenjoys spicy food and his favourite dish is pataudi, a popular preparation from nagpur.
20.
amarinder singh, 75chief minister, punjab(new entry)whya scion of the patiala royal family, amarinder led the congress to its only decisive victory in the assembly elections held this year.
is still one of the mass leaders in the congress even as his party loses ground across the country.
power punchgot his way in the party after threatening to leave and form his own outfit.
it led to the ousting of partap singh bajwa, a rahul appointee, from the pcc chief post.
what nextfrom tackling the drug menace to the farm crisis, the new chief minister has several challenges in his second stint at the helm in the border state.
by the way:apart from being an author of several books on military history, amarinder loves gardening.
21.
venkaiah naidu, 67union minister, i&b, urban development(rank 2016: 37)whyamong the most vocal in narendra modis cabinet, naidu handles the ministry of information and broadcasting and the ministry of urban development, which is overseeing the pms ambitious smart cities project.
naidu continues to have the faith of the party and the prime minister, whom he promotes at every opportunity, defining modi as making of developed india.
power punchafter the bjps resounding victory in uttar pradesh, naidu was chosen as the observer from delhi in the panel to elect the chief minister.
as rumours abound that yogi adityanath threatened to walk out with a large number of mlas if not elected the cm, naidu is one of the few who knows what really happened.
what nextwith defence minister manohar parrikar back in goa and the presidential election coming up, naidu may be in the fray for a promotion, one way or the other.
by the waythroughout his career, naidu has had narrow escapes in nine aircraft mishaps, involving helicopters and aircrafts.
22.
krishna gopal, 61joint secretary (sahsarkaryavah), rss(rank 2016: 69)whyas the rss in-charge of the bjp, he is the official liason between the two.
the up native also helped galvanise swayamsevaks for the recent assembly elections.
as mentor of samkalp, a delhi-based rss coaching institute for the civil services exam, he is the driving force behind the sanghs efforts to get those aligned to its ideology into the bureaucracy.
power punchis privy to most major political decisions at the centre.
what nexthas been looking to have more hold over the politics of up but faces a challenge from fellow sahsarkaryavah dattatreya hosabale, who is senior to him and whose base is in lucknow these days.
was also kept in the dark on the decision to appoint yogi adityanath as up cm.
by the wayprefers gur (jaggery) as dessert.
23.
vasundhara raje, 64chief minister, rajasthan(rank 2016: 22)whycontinues to remain the bjps most powerful and popular face in rajasthan.
with the lalit modi controversy and the mining scam case firmly behind her, raje has managed to hold her ground in the state despite frequent demands for quota by the gurjars and a fractious relationship with the rss and its affiliates.
power punchraje has managed to quell the rebellion within the party  five-time bjp mla ghanshyam tiwari had publicly urged the central leadership to remove her  and emerge on top.
what nextwith polls to the state assembly due next year, all eyes will be on whether she manages to repeat her 2013 feat in the face of anti-incumbency.
by the wayraje has been presenting the state budget on march 8 for a couple of years now.
besides being international womens day, it is also her birthday.
24.
nripendra misra, 72principal secretary to the prime minister(rank 2016: 39)whyeyebrows were raised in may 2014 when modi promulgated an ordinance to appoint the retired up cadre ias officer as his principal secretary.
however, misra has proved his worth and remains one of the two most powerful people in the current administration.
in all policy matters and cabinet decisions, misras inputs play a key role, be it the jan dhan scheme, subsidies or the ujjawala scheme.
power punchthe pms pet project on rural housing saw misra oversee the rural development ministry successfully complete the target of 33 lakh houses for this financial year.
what nextwith polls done, he will push for deliveries on key reforms, including disinvestment.
by the waymisra likes to take a walk at 5.
30 am and listen to his favourite singer, geeta dutt, before sleeping.
25.
subramanian swamy, 77bjp leader(rank 2016: 90)whythere is no telling who the pugnacious bjp leader will choose as the target of his swipes  the gandhi family, p chidambaram, raghuram rajan, or even party colleague arun jaitley.
after his nomination to the rajya sabha, swamy served a notice for a discussion in the house on the agustawestland helicopter deal.
power punchhis twitter tirade against jaitley left the party squirming, but he came out unscathed.
what nextwith bjp in power in up, he is actively pursuing the ram temple matter in the supreme court.
by the wayhis wife roxna has just written a biography of her husband, which every publisher approached has been too timid to publish.
as a result, she has decided to publish it herself.
26.
p k mishra, 67additional principal secretary to pm(rank 2016:32)whyif nripendra misra is modis policy person, pk mishra, nicknamed pk, is the man for governance.
unlike the flamboyant misra, pk is a behind-the-scenes operator.
considered more powerful than even union ministers, he was principal secretary to modi in gujarat till 2004.
known to come down hard on officers who do not meet the pms expectations.
power punchbe it the powerful cabinet committee on appointments or appointing heads to psus, mishra has the last word.
what nextmishras understanding of grassroots conditions and the agriculture sector are assets at a time when the modi government is reaching out to farmers and the poorer sections.
by the waymishra is often seen in half-sleeved shirts, even in high-profile meetings.
27.
ravi shankar prasad, 63union minister, law and justice(new entry)whybecause he made a comeback into the top echelons of the government in the july 2016 reshuffle, getting back the prestigious law and justice portfolio.
he is also the bjps go-to man for hard-selling the governments or the partys point of view.
power punchgetting the supreme court collegium to agree to yield to most of the contentious clauses in the draft memorandum of procedure (mop), over which the previous cji, ts thakur, and the government had disagreed.
what nextworking with the higher judiciary to fill the large number of vacancies in the high courts.
by the wayprasad likes to return home from wherever he is travelling in india, and clears pending files late in the night.
28.
prakash javadekar, 66human resource development minister(new entry)whyunder him, the hrd ministry has managed to keep away from controversies.
in the last six months, he has resolved all differences between his ministry and the prime ministers office and expedited decisions regarding the iim bill.
that apart, javadekar has worked on clearing the backlog of appointments and pushed ugc to approve regulations on setting up world-class institutions,which is the prime ministers pet education project.
power punchamong the bjps biggest gains in the recently concluded assembly elections was in manipur, where javadekar was the party in-charge.
what nextas hrd minister, javadekars next big assignment is to revamp the university grants commission.
by the wayloves listening to music.
often plays songs on his tablet while working.
29.
s jaishankar, 62foreign secretary(rank 2016: 33)whyhandled mea in the absence of the minister; is the brains trust for foreign affairs in pmo.
power punchreached out to key members of the trump administration.
what nextcracking the ice with pakistan and warming up to washington.
by the waymet ajit doval only once before he became foreign secretary.
30.
dharmendra pradhan, 47union minister for petroleum and natural gas(new entry)whyseen as an alternative to chief minister naveen patnaik.
his ministry handed out lpg connections in up.
he also shares credit for the bjps sweep in state assembly elections.
the prime minister has praised him for pushing his development agenda.
power punchdespite bjds grip over odisha, pradhan led state bjp to a victory in februarys zila parishad polls.
what nextseen as the best bet in odisha, pradhan aims to take on the bjd in next years polls.
by the waywhile travelling, pradhan packs his own luggage.
31.
general bipin rawat, 59army chief(new entry)whygeneral rawat speaks his mind  he justified the sahayak system, warned soldiers against taking to social media to air grievances, and re-invoked the cold start doctrine.
power punchhe doesnt hold back on any subject  he declared public supporters of kashmir militants be treated as enemies, for example.
what nexthe will have to resolve the turf war between the army and the government over the implementation of the pay commission recommendations.
by the waycarries a basic nokia model phone and answers calls himself.
32.
virat kohli, 28captain, indian cricket team(rank 2016: 42)whythe only batsman to average over 50 in all three forms of the game, the bradman-esque kohli is now also the captain in all three cricketing formats.
power punchbecame the first batsman after bradman to score double centuries in four successive series.
became the first indian sportsperson to sign a rs 100 crore endorsement deal with a single brand  puma.
what nextkohlis all-conquering indian team now heads to foreign shores with a quest to set their away record straight.
plus, the team will have to defend the champions trophy.
by the wayhas a pet beagle called bruno.
33.
arvind kejriwal, 48delhi chief minister(rank 2016: 8)whydrops 25 places after less-than-expected gains in punjab, a failure in goa.
but his brand of urban politics, stressing on schools and hospitals for the poor, is setting the trend for other states.
power punchdoesnt shy away from speaking his mind, even if it means taking on the pm.
was the first one, with mamata, to slam demonetisation.
what nextmunicipal elections in delhi and assembly elections in gujarat, where he wants aap to enter the house.
by the waysince his last nature treatment in bangalore, he has given up instant noodles for home-cooked food.
34.
raman singh, 64chief minister, chhattisgarh(rank 2016: 45)whyhes been cm for 14 years and counting.
power punchshunted out srp kalluri and met activist bela bhatia after she was threatened.
announced 45 lakh smartphones to the poor.
what next2018 assembly elections.
by the waybegins the day with a glass of mattha.
35.
ghulam nabi azad, 67leader of opposition in rajya sabha(rank 2016: 28)whythe gandhi familys go-to man, azad has a soft demeanour and political skills, which have come in handy to forge opposition unity in the rajya sabha.
power punchhe was the instinctive choice of the gandhis when poll strategist prashant kishor reportedly wanted madhusudan mistry removed as uttar pradesh polls in-charge.
what nexthas the tricky task of keeping the opposition united in the rajya sabha.
by the wayhe likes to play golf.
the lawn at his official residence turns into a mini golf course once in a while.
36.
mehbooba mufti, 57chief minister, jammu & kashmir(rank 2016: 14)whyas cm of jammu and kashmir and with her party, the pdp, in a coalition with the bjp, she has, as her predecessor omar abdullah said recently, the most difficult job in india to handle.
power punchover the last six months, she has tightened her grip on the party by elevating several members of the mufti clan to the top posts.
what nextshe has to walk a tightrope between her basic political instincts and the demands of her coalition partner.
summer in the restive valley is her challenge.
by the waya fitness enthusiast, she has a gym at her srinagar residence.
37.
himanta biswa sarma, 48cabinet minister, assam convenor neda(new entry)whyone of the key figures behind bjps stunning victory in the 2016 assam elections.
he was also appointed convenor of the north-east democratic alliance (neda).
power punchhis neda engineered the first bjp government in arunachal pradesh by getting the entire congress to defect to the party.
what nextbuilding on the bjps growing footprint in the northeast.
by the waysarma is also a writer.
his two books, samagata samay (2014) and anya ek dristikon (2016), have run into several editions.
38.
siddaramaiah, 68chief minister, karnataka(rank 2016: 54)whythe cm  having joined the party just over a decade ago  has been able to shrug off allegations of corruption and remains the unchallenged leader of the congress party in the state.
power punchfollowing the sc orders in 2016 to release cauvery waters to tamil nadu, he defused tensions by co-opting opposition parties in the crisis resolution process.
what nextassembly elections in 2018  the polls will be a test of his governance.
by the waysiddaramaiah did not go to school until he was 10 years old, but was the first person from his village to get a bachelors degree.
39.
arvind subramanian, 57chief economic adviser(rank 2016: 38)whyproposed the public sector asset rehabilitation agency to tackle banks non-performing assets.
was also behind the universal basic income proposal in the economic survey this year.
power punchwith standard & poors ruling out an upgrade in the countrys rating, citing indias low per capita gdp, he slammed rating agencies for their inconsistent and poor standards.
what nexthis idea of universal basic income was supported by arun jaitley, who hopes to introduce it next year.
by the wayhe is fond of american literature.
40.
ram madhav, 52general secretary, bjp(rank 2016: 70)whyafter turning the tide for the bjp in assam and j&k, madhav has now delivered manipur for the party, despite not getting a majority in the state.
he is considered to be among the few to have direct access to both the pm and rss chief mohan bhagwat.
power punchhis manipur strategy pushed the partys tally from a mere two to 21 seats in the state assembly.
what nextmadhavs next stop is meghalaya.
known as the general secretary with the midas touch, he is seen by many as a successor to amit shah, if the latter moves to gujarat.
by the wayan avid reader, he has over 4,000 books in his personal library.
41.
urjit patel, 53governor, reserve bank of india(new entry)whyas the rbi governor, he steers banking and monetary policies which influence the countrys economy.
the rbis decision to approve demonetisation, however, came under criticism, with patel, a low-profile and media-shy governor, also facing flak for not communicating its policies to the public.
power punchthe rbi board cleared the demonetisation proposal within two months of patels elevation as governor in september 2016.
what nextwill have to tackle inflation and boost growth at the same time, while bringing down bad loans.
details on demonetisation are yet to be announced.
by the waypatel was born in kenya, where his father owned a spare parts business.
42.
lalu prasad, 70rjd chief(rank 2016: 26)whylalu prasads rjd holds equal weight in the ruling alliance in bihar.
he continues to command support of his core muslim-yadav vote base.
power punchduring the uttar pradesh elections, lalu made it evident that he did not want nitish to be part of any alliance against mulayam singh yadav.
the jd(u) eventually didnt contest.
what nexthis obvious goal is to see his son, the deputy cm tejashwi prasad yadav, as bihar chief minister.
his perfect political proposition appears to be to have nitish at the centre and his son in bihar.
by the waylalu prasad tells his social media managers to keep his posts raw and rustic.
43.
mukul rohatgi, 61attorney general of india(new entry)whyafter presidents rule in uttarakhand and arunachal pradesh, the centres top law officer has bounced back.
he got the sc to offer a sympathetic ear to the centres arguments in cases such as demonetisation and aadhaar.
power punchhis reappointment when his term ends in june is considered a certainty.
what nextlikely to assist the apex court in two important cases: aadhaar and the assam citizenship law.
by the wayhe loves expensive cars and is known to own many.
44.
fali s nariman, 88constitutional jurist(rank 2016: 48)whycontinues to be one of the most respected voices in the supreme court.
often appointed as the amicus curiae in many cases.
power punchdespite the scs wish, he stayed away from the matter of bcci reforms.
what nextassisting the sc in deciding whether a state and persons holding public offices could make statements about a crime which may affect the morale of the victim and has a negative impact on society.
by the wayadmits that as far as zoroastrianism is concerned, his son, justice rohington nariman, is more knowledgable than him.
45.
pinarayi vijayan, 73chief minister, kerala(new entry)whyis the undisputed leader of the cpi (m) in the state, where its called the pinarayi vijayan government rather than an ldf one.
power punchdespite staunch opposition from right-wing organisations, vijayan went ahead and addressed a communal harmony rally in mangalore in february.
what nextvijayan will have to prove his mettle as an able administrator.
nine months into his tenure, the government has been hit by law and order issues.
by the wayfond of films, he is a big fan of action movies.
46.
ramdev, 51yoga guru(rank 2016: 27)whypatanjali is the most influential swadeshi brand today and as its he-ad, ramdev serves a popular mix of yoga, hindu nationalism and fmcg.
he frequently steps into politics and hobnobs with the most powerful men in the current establishment.
power punchhas expanded his business from rs 2,000 crore in 2014 to rs 5,000 crore now.
his naturopathy centre in haridwar, inaugurated by arun jaitley, is now a vvip facility, charging up to rs 50,000 per day.
what nextto get his business to touch the rs 1 lakh crore mark.
by the waypatanjali outlets are there even in areas such as dandakaranya.
47.
vinod rai, 68chairman, bcci committee of administrators(new entry)whyhe had an eventful stint under the upa as cag.
in the nda government, he has been brought in to fix psu banks, and is now working to implement structural reforms in the way cricket is run in the country.
power punchhe reported abnormal increase in expenditure at padmanabh-aswamy temple and missing gold valued at rs 186 crore that stunned the travancore royal family.
what nextthe reforms in cricket from the top body to different state cricket associations would be his immediate focus.
by the wayhe likes trekking in the hills.
48.
chandrababu naidu, 66chief minister, andhra pradesh(rank 2016: 44)whysince the 2014 bifurcation, naidu has led and built andhra pradesh from scratch.
his land pooling strategy for the new capital, amaravati, is now considered a model for land acquisition.
power punchdespite a resource crunch and the centre refusing to award the state special category status, naidu went ahead with amaravatis construction.
what nextestablishing visakhapatnam as an it hub to rival hyderabad.
by the wayhe loves yellow shirts  the party colour  and always carries at least three crisp ironed shirts with him wherever he goes.
49.
ratan tata, 79chairman emeritus, tata sons(rank 2016: 35)whymanaged to oust cyrus mistry as tata sons chairman, after expressing unhappiness over his management style and functioning.
power punchmistry, whose family is the largest single party shareholder in tata sons, was later removed from boards of various group companies and tata trust.
what nexttata will now have to ensure that there is stability at the top or investor confidence in group companies may decline.
by the wayother than automobiles and aviation, tata also has aninterest in scuba diving and architectural design.
50.
mayawati, 61president, bahujan samaj party(rank 2016: 30)whydespite her partys poor performance in the up assembly elections, mayawati remains a prominent voice among bjps opponents.
power punchher allegations saying tampering of evms was the reason for bjps victory have now been backed by other parties.
mayawati has also said she would move courts for an inquiry.
what nextwith the bsps tally in the assembly now reduced to just 19 seats, she must keep her party united in the face of criticism.
she is also likely to lose her berth in the rajya sabha next year and would need the support of either the sp or the bjp to get re-elected.
by the waydrafts her own speeches and press statements.
while political resolution talked about the rs 49,248 crore comprehensive plan for backward region of marathwada, agriculture resolution talked about sustainable farming.
while political resolution talked about the rs 49,248 crore comprehensive plan for backward region of marathwada, agriculture resolution talked about sustainable farming.
the bjp, in its state conclave on thursday, centred its political and agriculture resolution talks on development and the drought mitigation policy measures taken by the state government in the last 21 months.
referring to the flagship jalyukta shivar abhiyan, it said, till now, 4,000 villages have become drought-free in less than two years.
by december, 2,000 more villages will become drought-free.
while political resolution talked about the rs 49,248 crore comprehensive plan for backward region of marathwada, agriculture resolution talked about sustainable farming.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
the biggest challenge is to ensure power supply during the day in a bid to facilitate better farming activities and easing the hardships of the farmers.
the state governments initiative to get centres help to expedite irrigation projects worth rs 30,000 crore was also discussed.
meanwhile, union minister for road transport and highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari thursday fired a barb at the congress and the ncp by saying that the two parties only seemed to the problems of caste after losing power in the state.
although he did not mention anybodys name, the sarcasm was meant for the maratha leaders of the congress and the ncp who are now evoking the caste issue through maratha rallies.
bjp leader manohar parrikar and congresss digvijaya singh.
express photo/nirmal harindran bjp leader manohar parrikar and congresss digvijaya singh.
express photo/nirmal harindrancongress leader digvijaya singh saturday sought an apology from goa cm manohar parrikar for cheating the people of the state, and asked him to thank union minister nitingadkari gadkari for aggressive mla buying, thus helping him form the government in the coastal state.
shame on you mr parrikar and your hunger for power.
you have cheated the people of goa.
apologise to them, he said on twitter.
his remarks came a day after the goa chief minister took a dig at him by thanking him for the government formation in the state.
singh said parrikar should instead thank nitingadkari gadkari for doing aggressive mla buying.
manohar parrikar thanks me for letting him form govt in goa.
if he has to thank anyone, it is nitingadkari gadkari who did aggressive mla shopping on 12th march early morning from an hotel in goa.
and the goa governor who violated the constitution, sarkaria commission guideline and the supreme courtand robbed the mandate of people of goa, he said in a series of tweets.
in goa, the congress had emerged as the largest party after the recently held polls, but the bjp led by parrikar managed to form the government with the support of other parties.
b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari union minister nitingadkari gadkariif union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has his way with high-tech entrepreneur elon musk, the american billionaires company spacex may test-run its futuristic high speed train, the hyperloop, in pune.
i just offered them  they want some road for experimental purpose.
i offered them the westerly bypass of pune connected to the express highway.
the idea is they can take an experiment between mumbai and pune as a pilot project, he said, without naming spacex.
he said the hyperloop, whose idea was first presented in 2013, runs faster than an aircraft at a speed of 1,120 kmph and can cut the distance between his hometown nagpur and mumbai in 35 minutes.
among other things, spacex is also working on commercialising space travel.
speaking about the futuristic concept which is yet to be commercialised, the minister said the hyperloop is a tube which uses air for propulsion.
the companys website says spacex is interested in helping to accelerate development of a functional hyperloop prototype.
speaking to reporters later on the sidelines of an infrastructure summit organised by marathi daily lokmat, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis also confirmed that there indeed have been some discussions between the governments on such a proposal but was quick to add that maharashtra has asked the company to develop the product first before making test-runs in the state.
he said he also encouraged musk to set up a manufacturing base in mumbai.
tesla has been offered land free of cost near some ports.
the former bjp president said the government was focused on sabka saath, sabka vikas (together with all, development for all) and its policies have not discriminated against religious minorities.
any saffron clad person on television is immediately related to us (bjp) whereas the fact is that we dont have any relation with that person, he said.
we dont support such people.
this is not our agenda.
those who are doing this are not our people.
those who did it are wrong.
we are not with them.
prime minister had condemned (them)we all have condemned (such violence).
why then are they being foisted on our name, he said.
stating that it was not fair to link such groups with the bjp, he alleged that the move was part of a left campaign to malign the party and project it as anti-minority and anti- dalit.
certain sections of gau rakshaks (cow protectors) have reportedly stopped vehicles, beaten people, extorted money and in some cases stolen animals  all in the name of protecting cows.
this has inflamed tensions, risking undermining prime minister narendra modis efforts to focus on economic advancement.
some foreign commentators have linked the rise in cow- related violence, alcohol bans and anti-romeo police squads supposedly aimed at protecting a womans honour as signs of rising political risk in asias third-largest economy.
it a matter of belief, he said, adding that he himself uses gomutra ark or cow urine for therapeutic purposes.
he said such incidents of violence had happened in the past as well during samajwadi party and congress rules.
our government has not discriminated against any caste, creed or religion in the last three years, he said.
our fight is against poverty, hunger and disease.
poor is poor and cannot be discriminated against on caste, creed, religion and language.
we have not lent our shoulders to anyone for use against minorities, he said.
indians, he said, are genetically tolerant as was reflected in 4,000 year history when not a single mosque was demolished.
we do not discriminate.
union minster nitingadkari gadkari.
(pti photo) union minster nitingadkari gadkari.
a high-level task force has been appointed and top global consultants are drawing up blueprint for it, gadkari, who holds the shipping, road transport and highways portfolio, told pti.
five circuits each are being identified for international and domestic cruise services and a report is likely by may this year.
india, with 7,500 km of coastline, has taken steps on a war footing to promote cruise tour, which includes relaxation of policies and developing infrastructure.
mumbai has shown the way with a likely arrival of 100 cruise ships, he said.
so far, indians had been travelling to south-east asia, the mediterranean and the caribbean to experience the cruise, but for the first time, europes key player costa cruises launched costa neoclassica in india recently, which has confirmed seven voyages.
a task force to promote cruise tourism in the country has been constituted under the chairmanship of tourism secretary, with shipping secretary as co-chairman.
the government is very keen to promote cruise tourism as india has vast opportunities, the minister said.
besides, consultants of international repute have been roped in.
india saw 1.
76 lakh cruise passengers in 2016-17, a merely 0.
5 per cent of the global pie.
domestic cruise passengers are estimated to grow to 1.
5 million by 2031-32.
of the 12 major ports, only five  mumbai, goa, cochin, new mangalore and chennai  have facilities to berth international cruise ships.
one of the circuits identified so far is coastal circuit for development of coastal tourism infrastructure, an official said.
the government is developing a modern 2 lakh square feet terminal in mumbai at an estimated cost of rs 225 crore to make it a landmark destination, which will have infrastructure to accommodate cruise ships with size for 4,000 passengers.
the project includes hospitality, retail, shopping, restaurants and will allow general visitors during non-cruise seasons.
according to gadkari, a decision has been taken to have passenger terminals at all major ports to cater to cruise tourists because such tourism is bound to boost the economy.
apart from its huge coastline, india has the geographical advantage as it is strategically located between the mediterranean and china, he said.
recently, the mumbai port trust, which has a dedicated berth for cruise tourism, hosted its largest passenger ship genting dream with 1,900 passengers.
against 40 ships a year, 59 cruise ships confirmed their visit to mumbai port during the current fiscal.
the number is expected to rise to 100 next fiscal, an official said.
a cruise ship carries 3,000-4,000 tourists with 1,500-strong crew to various coastal cities, islands, countries, and itself acts like a destination with all entertainment, leisure activities on board.
listing out the policy initiatives to promote cruise shipping, the minister said ships are now allowed to stay for 3 days, up from the earlier 24 hours, and rules have been simplified to attract more vessels.
he said easier standard operations procedure (sop) for cruise operations involving multiple agencies has already been issued.
the government has allowed foreign flag vessels carrying passengers to call at indian ports without securing a licence from the director general of shipping till february 5, 2024.
also, major ports will offer a minimum of 30 per cent rebate across the board on all vessel related charges for cruise shipping and not levy any priority fees.
incentives to attract cruise liners to make major ports as homeports include a rebate of 25 per cent in vessel related charges for coastal cruise movement, in addition to existing 40 per cent rebate for coastal vessel, an official said.
the official said that on land excursions, an average tourist spends usd 70-100 per day and with a cruise ship of 3,000 capacity, this translates into enormous volumes.
also, average employment on a cruise ship is one job for 3-4 passengers, which translates into a boost for the recruitment sector.
union minster nitingadkari gadkari.
(pti photo) union minster nitingadkari gadkari.
(pti photo)exulting over the manohar parrikar government winning the trust vote in the goa assembly today, the bjp said the congress, which was outmanoeuvred in the coastal state, should not preach the saffron party on the government formation exercise.
there have been 50 incidents like this (government formation).
madhu koda was one such case in jharkhand.
no one is sadhu-sanyasi (saint) in politics, he said.
this (parrikar being invited to form government, despite bjp securing less number of seats than the congress in the recently concluded goa assembly polls) is not against democracy.
there have been precedents of smaller parties coming together to form government and not the largest party, the union shipping minister said.
gadkari termed goa governor mridula sinhas decision to invite parrikar to form the government as rational.
the governors decision was rational and was about who can provide a stable government, he added.
is it unconstitutional and undemocratic to take support of independents?
it is obvious (to offer ministries)politicians want power.
every party wants power.
when two parties come together, ministries are given.
he claimed that the congress in goa was divided on the issue of leadership.
they did not leverage on the opportunity and missed out.
they neither met the governor to show their numbers nor staked a claim to form government.
they could not decide on a leader and missed the bus.
they could not contact their high-command, the high-command could not decide.
i do not want to comment on this.
congress was not called (to form government) because they did not stake a claim.
even the supreme court questioned them about it, he added.
we should not take them (the allegations) seriously, the bjp leader said.
we have accepted the proposal of mp government to commission 100 driving centres in the state, union road transport and highways and shipping minister gadkari told reporters here last night.
watch what else is making newsstate chief minister shivraj singh chouhan was also present on the occasion.
there was a shortage of 22 lakh drivers in the country.
the driving centres would come up in tribal-dominated and backward areas to generate employment avenues there, the minister said.
he said five acres land is needed to set up a driving centre which will be equipped with other employment generation courses related to automobile sector.
caught off guardmayawatis proposal for the division of up into four states stunned the congress.
if no one is talking about it,the reason is that the matter involves rahul gandhi.
on the eve of the 2009 lok sabha elections,rahul gandhi,as aicc general secretary in charge of the youth congress,had divided the state into four zones,namely central,eastern,western and bundelkhand,for organisational work of the youth congress in the interest of better governance and functioning.
the state unit was abolished and four zonal units,each with a separate president and office-bearers,were set up.
when mayawati cited the same reason and argued for the division of the state into four parts,the congress did not know how to react.
after some discussion,they came out with their demand for setting up a states reorganisation commission.
senior party leaders have since been asked to dismiss it as a non-issue.
but some of them have been told to collect feedback from the ground and find out how the subject would touch the hearts of common people.
silence speaks louder?
in his latest letter to chief minister mayawati,union rural development minister jairam ramesh gave a specific example where action had not been taken in a case of irregularities in the implementation of mgnrega.
he even named the officer involved: raj bahadur,who had been cdo of gonda.
interestingly,in her rebuttal,mayawati accused ramesh of targeting up,but did not say anything about raj bahadur.
even cabinet secretary shashank shekhar singh,who briefed the media about mayawatis letter,was silent on raj bahadur.
if rameshs charge about raj bahadur is wrong,why doesnt the government deny it?
cereal signalon june 30,bjp leader uma bharti publicly announced she would not eat cereals and survive on fruits until the centre constituted a ganga board to review all projects for checking pollution in the river.
she had expressed dissatisfaction over the functioning of the national ganga river basin authority,constituted under the chairmanship of prime minister manmohan singh.
the bjp had than spoken highly of uma bhartis dedication to the cause of the ganga.
now uma bharti has started taking cereals in her meals,though the centre has not yet constituted a ganga board.
an associate said uma bharti broke her pledge after getting a positive signal from the pm.
but why hasnt she made an announcement this time?
yatra versus fastintervention of sanjay joshi has failed to narrow the gulf between the partys state leadership and gorakhpur mp yogi adityanath.
they stayed away from the partys two jan swabhiman yatras,not even when the yatra,led by former bjp president rajnath singh,camped in gorakhpur and held public meetings in adjoining districts.
the yogi was also conspicuous by his absence from the vijay sankalp samagam sammelan held in ayodhya to mark the conclusion of the yatras on november 17,where bjp national president nitingadkari gadkari was the chief guest and almost all senior leaders from the state were present.
asked about his absence,a partyman said the yogi had organised a dharna-cum-fast at gorakhpur district headquarters against the governments failure to take measures to check encephalitis that very day.
eye on kushwahanow that former family welfare minister babu singh kushwaha has fallen from grace,visitors to his kalidas marg residence are kept under watch.
kushwaha is mayawatis next-door neighbour.
after his exit from the cabinet in april,a barricade was installed,checking access to the chief ministers residence from the side of kushwahas residence.
next,a cctv camera was installed on the barricade.
maybe the idea was to keep a watch on anyone approaching the cms residence,but the camera automatically covers those visiting kushwaha.
obviously,kushwaha could not be comfortable with the constant watch on his visitors.
party pooperit has been more than two years since beni prasad verma left the samajwadi party.
but he still gets confused sometimes.
at a press conference on saturday,a reporter asked verma about his partys stand on the bsp governments proposal for the division of the state.
much to everyones surprise,verma replied,you mean samajwadi party?
he had to be reminded that he was now in the congress.
a day after delhi bjp chief vijay goel took a defiant stand,openly pushing his case for the cm candidature,his name was conspicuous in its absence in a statement issued by the partys delhi office on friday.
until now,all statements released by the bjp office had quoted goel.
fridays statement,however,had quotes from delhi bjp rather than from shri vijay goel as was the practice since he took over as delhi bjp chief.
according to a senior bjp leader,this may have been the effect of the disapproval of senior leadership after goel sent his supporters to the residences of bjp president rajnath singh and delhi bjp in-charge nitingadkari gadkari for a show of strength on thursday.
party sources said the show of strength was being viewed as an attempt by goel to pressure the senior leadership to name him the cm candidate.
according to the sources,it has also affected goels standing within the organisation as senior leaders were feeling offended by the show of strength.
the leaders believe goel should have had faith in the leadership and concentrated on party work,the sources said.
harish kumar khurana,delhi bjp spokesperson,who had drafted the statement replacing goels name with that of delhi bjp,said,there must have been mistake.
when asked about the change goel said,there is no specific reason.
nothing needs be read in between the lines.
if you wish to,you can change it to goel.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
express photo union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
express photofor the first time after forming the new government in goa, the bjp openly revealed the aggressive manner in which it went about staking claim and eventually ensuring the continuation of the partys rule in the state.
at a campaign event on sunday, where bjps state unit felicitated party chief amit shah and chief minister manohar parrikar, the mood was sombre as every speaker admitted that victory was hard earned.
bjps two national leaders nitingadkari gadkari and amit shah reiterated that there was nothing unconstitutional in the partys conduct in the state.
amit shah visited me in delhi late afternoon just as counting was getting over in goa.
he said we have to form the government in goa at any cost.
i was asked to leave for goa immediatelyhe said he had detailed chats with party cadre in goa from the early hours of march 12.
i began with a long chat with parrikar, which he claims continued till 4 am and he was asked to take over the reins of goa.
parrikar was a successful raksha mantri.
it was more important for him, the party and the government to have him in delhi but i told him, either stake claim as a chief minister or you can see the bjp in the opposition, he said, adding that shah was woken up at 6 am and told they had the numbers, and by 8 am the parliamentary board was by their side.
i told shah that i am a member of the parliamentary board and the other member is you.
he added, we just spread the word that the rest will get cabinet positions.
it reached him and he was also with us.
taking a swipe at the congress, he said: it was as tough for us to form the government as it was easy for the congress.
we had 13, they had 17.
someone tells me they kept squabbling and even made a call to their high command, but the call didnt go throughin his speech thanking the people of goa for their support, shah called parrikar the best defence minister the country could ever have.
promising to make goa a model state in five years, he added, i am surprised at digvijaya singhs bokhlahat (panic).
he keeps yelling this is wrong, that is not right.
i want to ask him what unconstitutional thing did we do.
instead, i want to ask him how did he fail with the numbers on his side.
parrikar said: the party will introspect about how we got 13 seatsi must admit there was a bit of negligence from our side, besides i was in delhi.
i want to correct it.
vivekananda yuva vikas yatra concludes amid good news from the uk; cm makes most of it.
chief minister narendra modi on thursday ended his month-long vivekananda yuva vikas yatra with a rally here in the presence of bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and chhattisgarh and goa counterparts raman singh and monohar parrikar.
in his speech,modi touched upon the uk governments decision to resume ties with gujarat that it had cut off in the wake of 2002 riots.
even though the british government had cut diplomatic relationship with the state,britain is the largest investor in the state today, he said.
the cm,however,accused prime minister manmohan singh of being biased against gujarat.
china projects shanghai to attract the world.
japan showcases tokyo.
manmohan singhji,had you believed in gujarat as your own,you could have brought world leaders to the state, he said.
modi claimed that despite step-motherly treatment,his government had managed to bring leaders of 120 countries together on stage at vibrant gujarat global investors summits while the central government had never been able to host leaders of 100 countries together in delhi.
as modi was speaking,a few members of the mostly tribal audience asked him to switch to gujarati from hindi,but the chief minister laughed it off.
dear friends!
i salute your love for gujarati,but at this moment,the entire nation is listening, the cm said and continued in hindi.
modi,who turned up an hour late for the rally,was received by a restive crowd.
later,speaking at the rally,gadkari congratulated modi and said,we have come to know that britain has decided to resume diplomatic relationship with gujarat.
this is the result of good governance and development in the state.
the bjp chief also defended modi over his alleged communal image.
the english media has often asked me about modi.
as bjp president,i assure you that narendrabhai has done injustice to none in the state, he said,adding that secularism was being misconstrued in the country and that the english media was wrong in attacking modi over the issue.
chhattisgarh cm raman singh said modi had forced the british government to bow down.
beefs up attack on congon the last leg of his vivekananda yuva vikas yatra,which began from this village in kheda district,chief minister narendra modi on thursday returned to attacking the congress-led upa government for allegedly promoting beef export.
phagvel is where modi had launched the gujarat gaurav yatra before the 2002 assembly elections,which became controversial for his alleged remarks against the minority community.
this is a village of kshatriyas that worships a local warrior,bhathiji maharaj,who laid down his life to protect cows.
addressing a modest gathering,modi said,the congress government (at the centre) does not want a green revolution or a white revolution.
it wants a pink revolution in the country.
do you know the meaning of pink revolution?
if i tell you,your hearts will stop beating.
they want to slaughter our cattle and make money by exporting beef!
bhathiji maharaj laid down his life protecting cows.
but congress wants to slaughter cattle.
mahatma gandhi had said our country was based on agriculture.
how would you sustain agriculture and dairy farming without cows?
modi said.
referring to shankersinh vaghelas yatra from phagvel just before modi began his in 2002,the cm said,a senior congress leader started a similar yatra from phagvel ahead of me in 2002.
however,he did not care to ever come to phagvel after that and his party wants to export beef.
bhathiji mahraj would never forgive such people,and i urge,nor should you.
phagvel was a village of kapadvanj taluka,in the constituency by the same name,from where vaghela had won lok sabha elections before delimitation.
modi recently declared phagvel a taluka.
lashing out at congress chief sonia gandhi and the upa government,modi continued,to bring about the pink revolution,the delhi government of soniaben gives rs 15 crore in aid to set up a slaughterhouse and exemption from income tax for five years to those who start them.
it also gives transport subsidy of rs 50 per km per tonnes of beef.
government itself has declared that india is no.
1 in beef export.
should such congress be forgiven?
modi asked.
noticeably,unlike other places,the crowd did not respond to modis rhetorical questions.
kapadvanj has a congress mla and the region is considered to be a congress bastion.
however,the gathering at ambav village in thasra constituency,which was modis second stop,roared to the cms remarks.
thasra is held by congress mla ramsinh parmar,who is the chairman of amul dairy.
from phagvel,modis yatra proceeded towards dakor and was on its way to pavagadh via ambav,galteshawar in kheda and kalol and halol in the panchmahals district.
modi is being accompanied by state bjp chief r c faldu,bjp national general secretary purushottam rupala,ministers anandi patel,ramanlal vora,vasu trivedi,local mlas and mps.
a little before the monsoon rains pour down, a piscean journey of gastronomical significance originates in the bay of bengal.
the hilsa leaves its home in the ocean and spawns in the estuarine waters where the rivers from india and bangladesh meet the ocean.
large shoals of the silver-scaled fish also move slowly upstream the padma in bangladesh and the ganga in india.
the flavours of river and sea mingle to give the hilsa its unique sweet-salty taste.
the fish that travel the farthest upriver are said to be the tastiest.
till about 40 years ago, this meant a nearly 1,200-km journey to allahabad.
but the completion of the farakka barrage in 1975 disrupted the hilsas westward migration.
a navigation lock in the barrage hindered the fishs free movement.
hilsa aficionados in india are never tired of lamenting that the last hilsa was caught at buxar, near allahabad, more than 30 years ago.
on february 8, union river development minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated a project that aims to assuage their hurt feelings.
the lock will be redesigned, at a cost of rs 360 crore, to let the hilsa return to its spawning grounds of yore.
advertisingthe new fish pass is expected to be complete by june, when the bony fish begins its journey to the river.
its gates will be opened between 1 and 5 pm, which is known to be the time for peak hilsa movement.
the trouble, however, is that the fish-way will span no more than eight metres of the gangas nearly 2 km width at farakka.
its anybodys guess if that is enough to sustain the hilsas mass migration.
us ecologist john waldmans study in 2013 showed that only 3 per cent of a shoal use a pass to get past a dam.
in what should be of salience to the ministrys new project, one of the fish studied by waldman is the american shad, a species closely related to the hilsa.
a few silver-coloured fish may still sneak in through the new pass.
but that is unlikely to undo the culinary damage caused by the farakka barrage.
the cabinet has already approved funds for development of the project.
(pti photo) the cabinet has already approved funds for development of the project.
located in the sistan-balochistan province on the energy-rich persian gulf nations southern coast, the port is easily accessed from indias western coast, bypassing pakistan.
tenders are out for the project, the minister said.
kandla port has floated tenders inviting global bids for supply and commissioning of terminal tractor trailers, forklifts, reach stackers, empty container handlers and yard cranes among other equipment at shahid beheshti port, chabahar, iran.
the cabinet has already approved funds for development of the project.
for greater trade and investment flow with iran and neighbouring countries, the cabinet last year had cleared proposals for development of chabahar port including through a usd 150 million credit from exim bank.
it also authorised the shipping ministry to form a company in iran for implementing the chabahar port development project and related activities.
as per the mou signed between the two nations in may last year, india is to equip and operate two berths in chabahar port phase-i with capital investment of usd 85.
21 million and annual revenue expenditure of usd 22.
95 million on a ten year lease.
ownership of equipment will be transferred to iranian side on completion of 10-year period or for an extended period, based on mutual agreement.
the iranian side had requested for provision of a credit of usd 150 million in accordance with the mou.
as per the per the pact, operation of two berths is to commence within a period of maximum 18 months after the signing of the contract.
besides the bilateral pact to develop the chabahar port, for which india will invest usd 500 million, a trilateral agreement on transport and transit corridor has also been signed by india, afghanistan and iran.
bjp president amit shah in nagpur on monday.
express bjp president amit shah in nagpur on monday.
expressbjp president amit shah monday visited the rss headquarters and held closed-door meeting with rss chief mohan bhagwat and general secretary suresh joshi for over two and half hours.
shah flew in from delhi, along with bhagwat, by a morning flight.
while there was no word from anyone from bjp or rss on the subjects discussed, speculation was rife that they mainly discussed the forthcoming presidential election, the kashmir situation, the partys expansion plan and the rss catalytic role in it.
interestingly, shah chose to come to the city two days after the 61st birthday programme of union minister nitingadkari gadkari where he was one of the invitees.
b'hanamanthappas wife and daughter during the last rites of lance naik hanamanthappa at brar square in new delhi.
express photo by anil sharma hanamanthappas wife and daughter during the last rites of lance naik hanamanthappa at brar square in new delhi.
express photo by anil sharmawife of siachen braveheart hanamanthappa koppad, mahadevi ashok bilebal wants their only daughter to join the indian army when she grows up.
lance naik hanamanthappa, 33, who epitomised grit and determination was miraculously pulled out alive from under 30-feet of ice-and-snow debris, where he lay buried for six days on the unforgiving siachen glacier.
but he died on february 11.
i do not have a son but have no regrets for i have a lovely daughter.
and i have one wish-to raise her into a strong indian who will join the indian army when she grows up.
that will be the true tribute to her brave father, the young widow of hanamanthappa said in nagpur on thursday where she along with the jawans mother basamma were felicitated.
hanamanthappas brother shankar gowda too was present on the occasion where wife of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, kanchan presented a cheque of rs 1 lakh to the jawans family.
the soldier was laid to rest with full state honours, after thousands of people bid an emotional farewell to the siachen braveheart at his native village of betadur in dharwad district of north karnataka earlier this month.
the youth wing akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp) and yuva jagaran manch had organised a programme to honour the martyr.
sunil ambekar, national organising secretary of abvp, city mayor praveen datke, retired col sunil deshpande were also present.
b'bjp chief amit shah with new gujarat chief minister vijay rupani (centre), his deputy nitingadkari patel, in gandhinagar on friday.
(source: pti) bjp chief amit shah with new gujarat chief minister vijay rupani (centre), his deputy nitingadkari patel, in gandhinagar on friday.
(source: pti)the bjp top brass friday chose its state unit president and minister vijay rupani as the new chief minister of gujarat, replacing anandiben patel who resigned earlier this week.
he was chosen ahead of front-runner nitingadkari patel who will be deputy chief minister, a first for the bjp government in the state.
rupani was the most junior minister in the anandiben cabinet while patel the most senior.
both shared the dais later with party president amit shah and anandiben.
rupani and patel will be sworn-in sunday.
they will present their letters of appointment to governor o p kohli saturday in the presence of senior bjp leaders.
they will now lead the party in the assembly elections due next year in the state where the patidar quota agitation and the dalit unrest have multiplied bjps problems.
two days ago, rupani had said he was out of the race and, until friday afternoon, patel had been giving interviews to the media on issues that should be gujarats priority.
but when a meeting of senior party leaders lasted longer than expected, there were clear signs that it was not exactly going the way of nitingadkari patel supporters.
bjp organising secretary v satish emerged from the meeting to have a long phone conversation.
others at the meeting included anandiben, rupani, nitingadkari patel, parshottam rupala, surendra patel, mansukh mandaviya, saurabh patel, bhupendrasinh chudasama.
the party in-charge of gujarat, dinesh sharma, too was present.
eventually, when all leader emerged from the meeting to head to the hall where the legislature party had gathered, nitingadkari patel looked downcast.
that meeting lasted nearly an hour.
kabhi kabhi aapka andaaz sahi hota hai, kabhi kabhi aapka andaaz sahi nahin hota hai (such things happen, different names come its the right of the media.
sometimes your guess is right, sometimes it is not).
rupani thanked the party and said he would carry forward the politics of development in gujarat.
neither anandiben nor nitingadkari patel said anything during the press conference.
later, when nitingadkari patel was asked why he couldnt become chief minister, he said: i dont want to talk about that.
an mla who was a minister in the anandiben government said: nitingadkari gadkariji gave only two names, that of rupani as cm and nitinbhai as deputy cm, and we endorsed it.
thats it.
traffic man boota singh, a former indian railway traffic services (irts) officer who is contesting lok sabha polls independently, maintains that metro, monorail and sky bus are not feasible in chandigarh.
advertisingsingh, who has 30 years of expertise in traffic management, said that something which could suit chandigarhs character and solve its growing transport problem was light rail transit system (lrts).
lambasting both the congress and bjp leadership for playing havoc with chandigarhs future due to their insensitive and careless attitude, singh asserted that the ever-evolving traffic needs of city beautiful need a calibrated approach which both the parties had so far tragically not exhibited.
advocating the light rail system for chandigarhs traffic woes, the former officer said that this system was a technologically proven system and at present had been implemented in over more than 40 countries worldwide and could easily be introduced in our existing city system without much disruption and can be elevated, underground and on the outskirts.
such arrangement would serve till 2040, he added.
advertisingtaking potshots at both sitting mp kirron kher and former mp pawan bansal, boota singh said that both leaders were hoodwinking the masses for petty political gains and ruining the unique culture of this world-famous city.
the recent statement of union minister nitingadkari gadkari where he suggested sky bus as the solution to all traffic needs of city once again exposed the classic lack of thinking and callousness on part of the bjp leadership when it comes to addressing the core issues our city faces today, boota said, adding that gadkari and kher were speaking in different tones.
explaining the light rail system, he said in chandigarh the route could start from panchkula through secretariat, high court to pgi and lead to mohali, zirakpur and other intersecting corridors.
it is energy-efficient and requires one fifth of energy, is safer and would reduce journey time by more than 50  to 75 , he added.
rail metro carries same amount of traffic as five lanes of bus traffic and 12 lanes of private motor cars.
mono rail systems have limited passenger throughput whereas demand for the city is much more.
once the driving unit motor fails on the guide way, it becomes difficult for evacuation of passengers.
it was the same reason mono rail had failed in mumbai, he added.
the sky bus is viable for hilly terrain and not fit for chandigarh as it can hit support pillars due to technical limitation on curves and has less throughput.
why they are not feasibleskybus: it is meant only for hilly terrain and is really a risky mode of transport.
if the wind is fast, there are chances that it can strike on the pillar.
and god forbid, if one accident happens, no one will sit in it for 10 years.
metro: it is heavy-duty and very expensive.
it has sharp curves and wont solve problem for chandigarh.
those from railways are only deputed in metro.
considering its technical facts, fares will be really high.
monorail: monorail works on industrial motor.
there are chances that it can stop on the way.
if its stops, the fault can be rectified only by sky ladder and it will consume a lot of time.
features of light rail systemfour-coach system, max speed of 60 kmph.
stations 500 m to 1,000 m apart.
on board signalling, atp, atc.
25 km proposed corridorsnorth to south: panchkula to railway station  high court to pgi  to bus stand sector 17  to tribune office-mohali stadium (one link to airport)  mohali industrial area.
east-west corridor: airport to sector 17 to high court.
other issuesspeaking about various other problems being faced by chandigarh, he said the city needs a concerted approach as far as the issue of traffic congestion, rising pollution, garbage processing and migrant labour are concerned.
referring to the matter of increasing garbage problem, he said small garbage dumps should be set up on the outskirts of the city rather than the one at dadumajra.
dadumajra dump poses a serious health hazard and should be urgently shifted out of city limits, he said, adding that this only required administrative proactivness and should not have been allowed to linger on for so long.
mocking the swachh abhiyan as mere tokenism, he said that merely distributing bins wont suffice; serious action was required to change peoples mindset towards a clean green surroundings.
candidates of all other parties are keen to get media space these days,but not those of the bsp.
they have been told to keep a distance from the media.
except mayawati and state party president swami prasad maurya,none in the bsp can comment on any issue.
when approached for an interview,bsp candidate from bikapur firoz khan gabbar was frank enough,i cannot meet you,our party has instructed me and other candidates not to talk to the media.
we have been asked to avoid commenting on any issue during the elections.
another bsp candidate in lucknow said that while they can address public meetings and the media can report these,they are supposed to take the zonal co-ordinators permission before talking to the media.
bjps bad-shahthe bjp has given the ticket to badshah singh,a former tainted minister of the mayawati government who had joined the party with babu singh kushwaha.
but party leaders are shy of being seen with him.
they are campaigning in all other constituencies of bundelkhand,but not in mahoba from where badshah singh is contesting.
last week,madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan had campaigned for uma bharti in charkhari,but did not go to the adjacent mahoba.
so had party president nitingadkari gadkari when he had visited hamirpur,mauranipur and jhansi,all of which are in bundelkhand.
so have other star campaigners of the bjp.
the only exception was party vice-presidents vinay katiyar and mukhtar abbas naqvi,who attended a public meeting that singh had organised last month.
however,the bjps media cell,which routinely issues press notes on all election-related party activities,chose to stay away the event.
please alltwo months after his much publicized resignation as chief spokesperson of the up congress,subodh srivastava has quietly returned to the partys media management team.
srivastava wanted to contest elections from lucknow central,but the party chose fakhir siddique,a known turncoat.
an angry srivastava resigned,alleging that the leadership was giving preference to outsiders over the loyalists.
sources said his return had nothing to do with his skills in media management.
it is meant to please certain sections of the kayastha workers who had stopped taking interest in party affairs after he had quit.
besides,the community has substantial presence in lucknow cantonment from where the state congress president rita bahuguna joshi is contesting.
playing foulwhile the government grapples with the unsavoury situation created by the former basti commissioner anurag srivastavas use of foul language against former siddharthanagar sp mohit gupta at an official meeting,the episode has opened a can of worms.
sources said that gupta and district magistrate chaitra v were hardly on talking terms,it was in the knowledge of senior officers,but they did nothing.
sources added that the tussle over the supremacy and ego clashes between ias and ips officers have been common in many districts.
with the state having been caught in the election process,the issue may be left for the new government to tackle.
shiny & brightthanks to elections,the power supply in rural areas has substantially improved.
obviously,the government does not want to displease the voters.
the election commission,too,has done its bit.
it has directed the up power corporation limited to ensure interrupted power supply in all constituencies for three days  the day before the poll,the day of the poll and the day after the poll  for smooth conduct of elections.
b'gujarat chief minister narendra modi,who is being projected by a section within bjp as its prime ministerial candidate for the next general elections,today met senior party leader l k advani and termed the meeting as wonderful.
modi,who is here to attend the bjp parliamentary board meeting ahead of the partys national executive meeting in goa on june 8 and 9,also met former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari at his residence.
in delhi today.
had a wonderful meeting with advaniji on arrival at delhi.
now heading to meet nitingadkari gadkariji, modi said on twitter after his 40-minute meeting with advani.
the partys parliamentary board,the top decision making body of bjp,which is headed by advani,will meet today to discuss the forthcoming bjp national executive and national council meeting at goa.
modi was recently inducted as a member of the parliamentary board by party president rajnath singh.
advertisinggadkari was addressing a gathering of intellectuals at law bhawan in sector 37, chandigarh.
gadkari stated that introduction of the double-decker sky buses will provide more ease of travel to daily commuters in chandigarh and this will not only reduce the mounting pollution but will also represent affordability for citizens.
ministry is already through with its dpr in himachal pradesh.
while coming to chandigarh, i saw that the traffic problem has increased and i promise to introduce double-decker sky buses.
advertisinggadkari stated that ever since the bjp assumed power in 2014, the road construction pace was barely two kilometres per day which has now increased to 32 kilometres per day.
the ministry so far has spent over rs 17 lakh crore in this sector, he said.
earlier, while welcoming gadkari, city unit president sanjay tandon thanked his ministry for granting tribune flyover and said they except more flyovers in the city in near future.
tandon said kher would win from chandigarh.
while recounting her achievements, mp kher termed gadkari an instant decision maker which strengthened the citys connectivity with other states.
among her achievements, kher counted 24-hour water supply, cent percent spending of mplad funds, judicious conduct of pradhan mantri awaas yojna, annapurna akshay patra yojna and other schemes and projects benefiting the underprivileged class.
there is no scarcity of water, but the water management needs to be worked out.
ministry is doing an exceptional job by initiating interlinking of rivers and strengthening water resources.
control on stubble burning wont create pollution nowgadkari said that government is very sensitive on stubble burning which led to environmental pollution in the past.
various schemes have been launched in this direction which will yield successful results.
b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari ontoday dubbed the congress as a mother and son party,where the post of party chief is reserved only for a member of the gandhi family.
he said the post of congress president is reserved only for the gandhi family.
pandit jawaharlal nehru,indira gandhi,rajiv gandhi,sonia gandhi,rahul gandhi.
gandhi,gandhi,gandhione after another, he said.
manmohan singhji,chidambaramji,pranab mukherjeeji.
he dubbed congress as a mother-and-son party (referring to sonia gandhi and rahul) and jd-s as a father-and-son party (referring to jd-s national chief h d devegowda,and hd kumaraswamy,who heads the state unit).
in contrast,he said the bjp is a democratic party,an outfit belonging to the workers.
a common worker like me can become president of the party.
this proves bjp is a party of workers, he said.
the government last week approved allocation of 2.
5 per cent of the central road fund (crf) for nws that would result in about rs 2,000 crore proceeds a year for their development.
the cabinet has approved rs 2,000 crore from cfr and we can easily get works done worth rs 12,000 crore from that by raising more funds.
it is my endeavour to operationalise 10 waterways before december 2018, the shipping, road transport and highways minister told pti in an interview.
massive work worth rs 5,000 crore is already underway on ganga (1,620 km) with world bank assistance which is the national waterway no 1.
the work includes development of three multi-modal hubs at varanasi in uttar pradesh, haldia in west bengal and sahebganj in bihar.
the inland waterways authority of india, under the shipping ministry, is also facilitating cruise operations on nw-1 from kolkata to varanasi in collaboration with private cruise operators.
after ganga and brahmaputra, work will begin on mandavi and zuari in next three months, he said.
the third project will be amba and then on brahmani river between talcher and paradip.
the shipping ministry has a target to start work on 24 nws in the next three years.
parliament last year had enacted national waterways act, 2016, for developing and maintaining the existing five nws and 106 new nws across the country.
the cabinet earlier this month has approved allocation of 2.
5 per cent of crf which is a duty on excise and customs imposed on petrol and high speed diesel for waterways development.
the cess at present is rs 6 per litre.
it has also directed that while implementing viable nws projects, all such components that can be done on ppp basis, should be explored and government funding may be used only if private investment is not forthcoming.
the fund collected under crf was to the tune of rs 80,800 crore in 2016-17, rs 69,540 crore in 2015-16 and rs 25,122 crore in 2014-15.
the inland waterways authority of india (iwai) has estimated that approximately rs 25,000 crore would be required for development of identified projects on nws till 2022-23.
in this regard, works for construction of multi-modal terminals, new navigation lock, river information system and development of fairway have already commenced under the jal marg vikas project being implemented on nw-1 (river ganga).
in addition to becoming one of the principal cargo movement routes in india, this stretch on nw-1 has good potential for river cruise tourism.
iwai also has planned to undertake work on the development of 24 nws during the next three years.
it is estimated that 1.
8 lakh persons would be provided employment in the inland waterways transport (iwt) sector in the next five years, the government said.
new employment opportunities are expected to be generated for operation and management of fairway, terminals, aids to navigation, barges, training and other areas, it said adding development of additional 106 nws will create more job opportunities.
it is estimated that a standard 2000 dwt vessel has the potential to transport 125 truck loads and almost one complete train rake (40 rail wagons) load.
b'it would also enhance employment potential for local labourers for project activities.
(file photo) it would also enhance employment potential for local labourers for project activities.
(file photo)sahibganj in jharkhand is set to come up as an exim point with a multimodal hub being developed there, and the governments nod to rs 1,955-crore project on thursday to link it to bihar will further boost connectivity, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said on thursday.
we are constructing a multi-modal hub on the ganga at sahibganj with railway, road and water connectivity.
we have acquired land and exports can be done to bangladesh and even to myanmar, besides goods despatches to west bengal and bihar, the road transport, highways and shipping minister said while interacting with the media here.
he said the cabinet nod to the rs 1,955-crore highway project for construction of a link between sahibganj in jharkhand to manihari in bihar, including a bridge on the ganga, will improve connectivity between north india and the north-east.
this (project approved today) will prove to be a new link to connect north india to the north-east, he said, adding that goods could also be transported from sahibganj to chittagong and other places potentially reducing the transportation cost.
according to gadkari, prime minister narendra modi will lay the foundation stone of the project and land.
the project will prove a milestone for development of bihar and jharkhand, and about 70 per cent of the land has been acquired for it, he said.
the cost of the project is estimated to be rs 1,954.
77 crore, including that of land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation and other pre-construction activities.
the total length of the road to be developed is approximately 22 kms.
the project, the minister said, will be executed in hybrid annuity mode, with the government providing 40 per cent of the cost, while the developer will have to arrange for the remaining 60 per cent.
the new link road will be approximately 16 km long, starting (from sahibganj pass in jharkhand) to another six-km stretch near narenpur (junction of nh-133b and nh-131a on manihari bypass in bihar).
this stretch includes a four-lane bridge on the ganga.
the project, the government said, will help expedite improvement of infrastructure in bihar and jharkhand and cut down the time and cost of travel in these states.
the development of this stretch is also expected to help uplift socio-economic conditions of people of this region in the state.
it would also enhance employment potential for local labourers for project activities.
the project highway serves as a new formation of the missing link at nh-131a to nh-133b connecting sahibganj in jharkhand and manihari in bihar.
at present, there is a missing link between jharkhand and bihar as there is no bridge on the ganga at this point.
the vehicular traffic uses vikramshila setu at bhagalpur on farakka barrage, which means covering a long distance for reaching north bihar.
thirty per cent of the driving licences in the country are bogus.
he was addressing the grand finale of smart india hackathon 2017.
the minister also said it will be made mandatory for regional transport office (rto) to issue licence within three days of a person clearing the driving test.
information of the licence holder will be available across the nation and he/she will not be able to register bogus licences anywhere.
the senior bjp leader also informed that 28 driving examination centres have been opened and 2,000 more will come up.
if the rto does not issue the driving licence within three days of the test, then action will be taken against the rto.
this will facilitate transparency and corruption free work.
similarly, cameras will be installed at traffic signals which will reduce the need for physical presence of policemen, he said.
engineers are responsible for 50 percent of the road accident deaths.
the wrong designs of road engineering is a matter of concern, he added.
the central leadership of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) may ask karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa to step down from office in the wake of the criticism coming its way over its inaction after yeddyurappas reported indictment in a leaked lokayukta report on illegal mining.
according to informed sources,the bjp is working on a compromise formula to ensure that the crisis in karnataka does not affect the party in a big way.
yeddyurappa,however,has made it clear that he will not quit his post and instead dissolve the state assembly.
sources said the bjp leadership is ready to accept a candidate of yeddyurappas choice to take over from him,as it does not want the state assembly to be dissolved.
earlier,reports suggested the bjp was all set to sack yeddurappa,after karnataka lokayukta justice (retired) santosh hegde submits his report on wednesday,the times now channel reports.
state bjp chief k s eshwarappa,national general secretary ananth kumar and state rural development and panchayati raj minister jagdish shettar have emerged as front-runners in the chief ministerial race.
on monday,yeddyurappas son b y raghavendra refuted charges levelled against his father in the illegal mining scam,and alleged that former prime minister and janata dal-secular (jd-s) supremo h d deve gowda was trying to topple the government in the state and prop his party into power.
it is a conspiracy by deve gowda to bring down the yeddyurappag overnment.
to further this conspiracy all kinds of absurd charges are being made so that he can form the government, said raghavendra.
yeddyurappa,who returned from mauritius,where he was on holiday with his family,denied the corruption charges against him and paid a visit to a temple in bangalore to seek divine blessings.
the priests recited hymns and offered lamps to deities on his behalf.
meanwhile,janata dal-secular (jd-s) president h d kumaraswamy criticized senior leaders of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) for not taking action against yeddyurappa despite mounting evidence.
after the lokayukta submits his original report,we will come in front of you (media) and discuss more issues.
there is no bone in the back of the bjp high command.
we dont think the bjp high command is going to take a decision even after lokayukta has submitted the original report.
he (yeddyurappa) will not step down,we know that, said kumaraswamy.
yeddyurappa,who has been implicated in the illegal mining scam,has said he would continue to lead the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government in karnataka for the next two years.
i am going to continue for another two years as chief minister,afterward,we shall face elections.
in another 15 to 20 years,we want to build up our organisation and we are going to come back to power even after these elections, he said.
yeddyurappa said justice hegde is yet to officially hand over the report to the government,and added he would comment on the report only after he received it.
expressing disappointment over the allegations of phone-tapping,he said he would request prime minister manmohan singh to set up an inquiry committee to look into the matter.
the entire bharatiya janata party is one,we are together and all our all leadership is also with us, he had said.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on tuesday called the central governments move to defer national highway development work in the state as politically motivated, and maintained that the work has been stalled after the national highway authority of india (nhai) suspended land acquisition process in the state.
advertisingaddressing the media, vijayan said, the state government has been going ahead with steps for highway development.
the notification for land acquisition has been completed 100 per cent in kasaragod, kannur and kozhikode districts, and 60 per cent in other districts up to ernakulam; and 40 per cent in the rest of the state.
however, he said the nhai, as part of its policy guideline issued on april 15, has categorised highway projects into high priority-1 and high priority-2.
vijayan said, the nhai has directed all regional offices to suspend land acquisition process of all projects which come under priority-2 category.
this amounts to preventing highway development (work) in kerala.
advertisingvijayan said states which have bjp governments have been included in the high priority-1 list for highway development, while states governed by opposition parties have been listed in the second list.
this is unprecedented and against the federal system envisaged in the constitution, he maintained.
he said the decision will stall national highway development in kerala for the next two years, which means the work will be prevented during the tenure of the cpi(m)-led ldf government.
if land acquisition is delayed for the next two years, land value will go up further, making acquisition costly, he pointed out.
the centre was already against highway development in kerala, citing the high land value in the state, he said.
vijayan alleged that bjp state president p s sreedharan pillai had written to union minister nitingadkari gadkari last year, demanding that the notification for land acquisition be suspended.
pillai had clandestinely written to gadkari instead of presenting his views before the state government, vijayan alleged.
pillai had forwarded a representation from the national highway action council, which wanted suspension of land acquisition on a short stretch in ernakulam district citing last years flood.
the letter was sent to gadkari in september 2018.
kerala finance minister thomas isaac had released this letter recently and claimed that pillai had written to the centre to suspend highway development in the state.
referring to pillais letter, vijayan alleged that the bjp has stooped to the level of a party that stands against the interest of the people.
even though an alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena is yet to be finalised, a group of bjp corporators from the city have said they would not support the campaign of shrirang barne, the sitting sena mp from maval, if he was fielded again.
advertisingthe corporators met union minister nitingadkari gadkari, who was in the city on sunday, and complained about the conduct of barne, accusing him of making personal attacks on prime minister narendra modi and other senior bjp leaders.
gadkari is said to have listened to their concerns but did not give any assurance to them.
the bjp corporators, including eknath pawar, former deputy mayor shailaja more, eknath dhake and shital shinde, submitted a memorandum to gadkari, complaining that barne had been attacking modi, chief minister devendra fadnavis, and others, and therefore, they were completely opposed to his candidature.
he has made personal attacks on the pm and the cm.
and therefore, none of the bjp corporators are in a mood to support his campaign, pawar said.
on monday, barne hit out at bjp leaders who were against his candidature.
i am a shiv sena mp and it is the sena leadership that will decide whether or not i will contest again from maval.
the bjp has nothing to do with this, he told the indian express.
advertisingwithout naming laxman jagtap, a bjp mla and president of the partys pimpri-chinchwad unit who has been having a running feud with him for several years now, barne said it was no secret who was trying to scuttle his chances of contesting the upcoming lok sabha elections.
i dont have to say anything.
everyone knows the people behind this memorandum, people who are trying to make sure that i do not get a ticket, barne said.
in the 2014 elections, barne had defeated jagtap by a margin of 1.
5 lakh votes.
jagtap had fought as an independent candidate at that time.
later, he joined the bjp and was at the helm of affairs when the party won elections to the pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) for the first time.
the senas tally was reduced to single digit.
the two routinely make statements against each other.
senas pimpri-chinchwad president yogesh babar said barnes candidature from maval had already been authorised by uddhav thackeray.
his candidature has been approved by our party chief.
therefore, whether an alliance with the bjp happens or not, we will work whole-heartedly for barne and ensure his victory, he said.
alleging that there were several irregularities in allocation of contracts in bjp-run pcmc, babar said the sena will raise these issues in the coming elections and expose the wrong doings in the civic body.
jagtap claimed he had nothing to do with the memorandum submitted by his party corporators to gadkari.
i cant help if they think i am behind the move to approach gadkari.
bjp workers and leaders will respond to senas allegations, he said.
the national commission for women (ncw) has issued a notice to actor vivek oberoi after the actor tweeted a meme that has come under severe criticism.
advertisingthe meme, which is a collage of three photographs, features a photo of actors salman khan and aishwarya rai bachchan with the caption opinion poll, then a photo of aishwarya with oberoi captioned exit poll and then a photo of aishwarya with abhishek bachchan and their daughter aaradhya as result.
oberoi tweeted the meme with the message: haha!
creative!
no politics here.
just life.
he credited the meme to @pavansingh1985.
oberoi drew flak for the tweet with many saying it was in bad taste and disrespectful towards women.
actor sonam kapoor ahuja described the tweet as disgusting and classless while retweeting a journalists post on it.
maharashtra state commission for women chairperson vijaya rahatkar said the tweet was not creative but offensive towards women.
an actor of his stature has some responsibilities to maintain.
we have taken cognisance of his tweet and will soon seek a response from him, she said.
ncw chief rekha sharma took to twitter to slam oberoi and the panel followed it up by sending an official notice to him, demanding an explanation for the misogynistic post which, it said, is extremely offensive, unethical and shows disrespect towards the dignity of women.
advertisingfilmmakers madhur bhandarkar and ashoke pandit, too, criticised oberoi for the tweet.
speaking to ani, he said, people are asking me to apologise.
i have no problem in apologising, but tell me what wrong have i done?
i dont think i have done anything wrongsomeody tweeted a meme and i laughed at it.
is there anything wrong in it?
is there some abuse in it?
is there any obscene picture in it?
it is just a creative meme made at the time of elections, he added.
the actor further said, i am waiting for the notice from maharashtra womens commission and the ncw.
i would also like to meet them and give an explanation because i dont think i have done something wrong.
oberois tweet came shortly after union minister nitingadkari gadkari released the poster of upcoming movie pm narendra modi in which the 42-year-old actor plays the lead role.
the omung kumar b-directed modi biopic is scheduled to be release on may 24.
congress leader narayan rane.
congress leader narayan rane.
senior congress leader narayan rane finds himself at the cross-roads with the bjp appearing to have put on hold his induction in the party and the congress almost giving him up as an outsider.
late saturday night, top leadership of the bjp discussed ranes political fate and arrived at the conclusion that they should not show any undue haste in getting him and his sons in the bjp.
a highly-placed source in the bjp told the indian express: the central leadership of the bjp cannot override the voices of dissent within the state leaders against inducting rane and his two sons, nitesh and nilesh, in the organisation immediately.
earlier this week, rane reportedly held a meeting with bjp president amit shah in ahmedabad.
a senior cabinet minister, requesting anonymity, told the indian express: at the moment, there is no serious thought given on why the bjp should consider rane in the organisation with urgency, specially if it comes with terms and conditions.
if there is any decision, it will happen at the appropriate time, he added.
two aspects being discussed are if rane were to join the bjp, he would have to be accommodated as a union cabinet minister in the prime minister narendra modi-led government or at least given a significant role in the bjp organisation led by amit shah.
secondly, it may have to consider induction of his son nitesh as a minister of state in chief minister devendra fadnavis government in the state.
the argument within the bjp is whether the centre and state should pay so much price for the induction of one congress leader.
while acknowledging that rane wields political clout confined to his hometown sindhudurg, the larger question remains will it make sense to antagonise alliance partner shiv sena, which is in coalition with the bjp at the centre and the state.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and rane have been at loggerheads ever since he left the parent party sena and joined the congress in 2005.
moreover, political managers are worried that if ranes terms and conditions are accepted, it would have to honour similar demands from more illustrious politicians who express their keenness to associate with modi and shahs party.
late saturday evening, some ministers held discussions with union minister nitingadkari gadkari to elicit his views on the matter in the wake of the growing perception that he is promoting ranes case in the bjp.
while revealing the facts, a minister said: if there is any decision, it will be collective and not taken by any individual leader.
according to senior political commentator abhay deshpande, if rane joins the bjp, it may be a great advantage to the ruling party.
but it certainly would be a big disadvantage for the opposition as he is an aggressive voice in the opposition.
to that extent it would also help the bjp to mute the aggression against them within the congress, he observed.
while indicating that the bjp may consider rane in the coming days, he said: this time, it is evident that the congress is not making any attempt to stop him from switching political parties.
the greenfield project hit several hurdles and saw laying of its foundation by prime minster narendra modi on november 5 2015.
(file photo) the greenfield project hit several hurdles and saw laying of its foundation by prime minster narendra modi on november 5 2015.
prime minister narendra modi will dedicate to the nation the 135-km, the nearly rs 11,000 crore access-controlled six-lane expressway.
the project is replete with smart and intelligent highway traffic management system (htms) and video incident detection system (vids) besides a closed tolling system in which the collections will be made only on the distance travelled and not on the entire length.
the project, most likely, will be completed in august this year.
we have spent a huge rs 5,900 crore on land acquisition.
once complete, this will reduce traffic congestion in delhi and will have the best automatic traffic management system, landscaping, besides wayside amenities.
were planting at least 2.
5 lakh trees and the expressway will be lit by solar panels, road transport and highways minister gadkari said here.
the eastern peripheral expressway will set a benchmark in highway construction by being environment-friendly with world-class safety features and smart/interactive infrastructure, the minster said.
the project, which commenced on september 14, 2015 will consume a million tonnes of flyash from ntpcs various thermal plants to utilise waste and minimise pollution.
the greenfield project, which hit several hurdles and saw laying of its foundation by prime minster narendra modi on november 5 2015, will divert around 2 lakh vehicles passing through the national capital daily to this bypass, cutting out pollution.
the expressway will be equipped with htms which will include variable message signs (vms), cctv, vids, warning devices, overspeed checking system, weigh-in-motion, pavement management systems and fibre optic network.
all information collected from htms equipment will be relayed to a central server in control room which will, on the basis of input, trigger alarms and change vms messages etc.
this will result in real-time incident management, he said.
along the expressway, wayside amenities like petrol pumps, motels, rest areas, restaurants, shops, repair services etc will be developed, he said.
landscaping will be done at all the interchanges, major bridges and toll plazas with provision of fountains and lighting and a total of about 2.
5 lakh trees of various species will be planted as green belt within row of the project expressway, he added.
unique features of the project will be rainwater harvesting at every 500 metres on either side of the expressway and the watering of the plants will be done through drip irrigation, he said.
in keeping with the prime ministers swachh bharat mission, provision of toilets will be made at regular intervals along the expressway on either side at a distance of 25 km, he added.
the expressway passes through sonipat, bagpat, ghaziabad, gautam budh nagar, faridabad and palwal in haryana and uttar pradesh, and the proposed alignment crosses river yamuna at khurrampur/khata in up and faizpur khadar in haryana and crosses the river hindon.
the project will consume 10.
2 lakh tonne cement, about one lakh tonne steel, 19 lakh tonnes of sand and 50 lakh tonnes aggregates.
manpower employed is 7,275.
the project had earlier faced resistance from farmers over land and other issues which have since been solved by giving higher compensation.
the supreme court has directed police chiefs of uttar pradesh and haryana to provide adequate security for expeditious completion of the project.
the project work has been divided into six packages and are being carried out by sadbhav engineering, jai prakash associates, ashoka buildcon, oriential structural engineers and gayatri project and barring package iii, the physical progress of the packages was between 57 and 61 per cent.
package iii, being built by the debt-laden construction and cement firm jaiprakash associates, made only 36 per cent progress.
there are about 400 structures in this project out of which two major bridges are on river yamuna and one major bridge on river hindon and agra canal.
there are 8 interchanges, 4 flyovers, 71 vehicle underpasses, 6 robs etc.
b'union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, centre.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, centre.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday, said nearly 800 black spots (accident zones) identified on national highways across the country, will be soon fixed to bring down road mishaps.
inaugurating the two-day national workshop on road safety in visakhapatnam, he said the government had identified 786 black spots on national highways and it will be set right at a cost of rs 11,000 crore.
5 lakh deaths occur per year due to road accidents in the country and this can be reduced by 50 per cent in near future in co-operation with all state transport ministers.
expressing concern on increasing road accidents in the country, he said 70-80 per cent of mishaps occur due to road engineering defects.
he said the best of technology would be utilised to employ best engineering systems for road construction.
also, the government will take all measures for transparent and corrupt-free system for issuance of driving licenses and certification as well as registration of vehicles, the minister assured.
as part of skill development, an institute for training of drivers, and research centres will also be established in each state.
union minister m venkaiah naidu said education, engineering, enforcement are very essential to control road accidents.
he said it was important to educate children and drivers to follow traffic rules.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu too said his government will implement best practices followed by other states to control road accidents.
watch video: whats making newshe attributed the reasons for increasing road accidents to over-speeding, overload of vehicles and drunken driving.
the chief minister underlined the need for checking drunken driving at all check-posts on national and state highways.
transport ministers from 18 states and transport officials from central and state governments besides world bank officials and foreign delegates are attending the conference.
b'at a time when the party is making corruption a major issue,bjp president nitingadkari gadkari on saturday gave signals suggesting that controversial karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa is still not out of the woods.
he also referred to differences amongst senior leaders on important issues,saying this would harm the partys electoral prospects.
though gadkari did not name yeddyurappa in his presidential address here today,his remarks at the national executive that members should follow the high moral standards set by leaders like atal bihari vajpayee and l k advani was a signal enough.
our party has a legacy.
yeddyurappa was present during gadkaris address.
allegations of corruption against him have dented bjps campaign on 2-g spectrum,commonwealth games and adarsh housing society.
congress president sonia gandhi had taken a dig at the bjp for failing to remove its corrupt chief minister while the ruling party had taken action against its union ministers and maharashtra chief minister.
though there were no clear indications about whether yeddyurappa will have to go,party leaders said gadkaris words may be a pointer of the things to come.
in order to fight corruption,what is essentially required is the strong political will to overcome this crisis.
we believe that we all have to strive to have a system that encourages people to observe the right ethical values in place.
through innovative and result oriented measures,we have to work towards this end.
when yeddyurappa faced opposition charges of making out-of-turn land allotments to his sons and daughter,the bjp top brass reportedly gave him time till the local bodies elections in karnataka.
gadkari had feebly defended the beleaguered chief minister,saying his actions may be immoral but not illegal while senior leader l k advani had maintained that the party central leadership was dealing with the issue and was confident it will deal with it.
signifciantly,during the briefing,spokesman ravi shankar prasad laughed away a query when asked whether gadkaris remark that partymen should not do any such thing that will affect the image of the party,was directed at yeddyurappa.
let me reiterate our resolve not to spare the guilty.
if we are united then the future is good.
if you are divided then we will not get success.
though the earlier infighting- in which some leaders even settled their differences through leaks in the media- has ceased,gadkari is apparently worried about the senior leaders speaking in different voices on the jpc issue.
he had to personally discuss the issue with pac chairperson m m joshi and request him to issue a statement supporting jpc to clear the air.
after low-profile campaigning in up for six months,post her re-induction in the bjp,former madhya pradesh chief minister uma bharti is all set to come to the centre-stage.
and on friday,for the first time,a room was reserved at the partys state headquarters in lucknow to set up an office for uma bharti.
her nameplate was also put on the entrance door of the office.
party general secretary rakesh kumar,who earlier occupied the room,was moved to elsewhere.
party sources said uma bharti will also lead another bjp campaign,named nadi-navik-jal bachao swabhiman yatra,in which she will travel by boats and steamers on major rivers across the state to reach out to riverine communities.
during up bachao-bjp lao campaign,which will last a fortnight,the party will organise public meetings in all the constituencies which will be addressed by senior leaders.
during the campaign by rivers,which will begin from shringverpur in allahabad,uma bharti will hold meetings in villages dominated by communities like nishad,kevat and kashyap which survive by working as boatmen or fishermen.
these castes are among obcs and uma bharati will speak on how their issues had been ignored by the mayawati and mulayam singh governments,and what the bjp proposed to do about them.
to give a final shape to the two campaigns,senior party leaders will hold a meeting in new delhi on sunday,after the conclusion of l k advanis jan chetna yatra.
the way the party leadership is pushing uma bharti to the prominence in up has not been liked by many state leaders.
uma returned to the party after six years,was imported in up and put above senior leaders who have always been loyal to the party and have always worked sincerely.
now she has been given charge of these campaigns, remarked a up leader.
when uma bharti was initially sent to up,it was stated she would be helping in the partys election campaign.
later,gadkari stated the bjp is contesting the election under the joint leadership of rajnath singh,uma bharti,kalraj mishra and state party president surya pratap shahi.
rajnath and kalraj are both very senior leaders of the party.
first,gadkari put uma at par with them by announcing that elections will be contested under the joint leadership of the four leaders.
you dont what will come next, reacted another leader.
a third party leader,however,said uma was being promoted simply because she is an aggressive leader and it helps the party.
her public meetings draw good crowds.
there is an element of glamour also.
he said first the party launched jan swabhiman yatras led by rajnath and kalraj.
after gadkari named uma among the top four leaders,it was only natural to name her as the head of these campaigns.
next,surya pratap shahi may be named leader of a campaign,the leader remarked,who felt too much was being read in gadkaris announcements.
advani breaks silence on maya,says her up split an attempt to delude peoplearriving on the second part of the up leg of his jan chetna yatra on friday,bjp leader lk advani accused chief minister mayawati of making attempt to delude the people by talking of division of the state.
division of a state is not an easy task.
it is the central government that plays the leading role in the division of a state and not the state government, advani said,while addressing a public meeting in bijnor.
in his previous two-day passage through up on october 13 and 14,advani had made no mention of mayawati or bsp government in his speeches.
advani today said that political parties like congress and the bsp have done a lot of damage to the country.
in particular,he targeted the congress over the issues of corruption and price rise.
every time,congress rules in the centre,prices rise, advani said.
regarding upcoming assembly elections in up,advani asked the bjp leaders of the state to give tickets to only those who are committed to the party and its policies.
state bjp president surya pratap shahi said lawlessness was widespread across the state during current bsp government.
advani will reach rampur on saturday where he will address another public meeting.
the yatra will pass through moradabad,jyotiba rao phule nagar and ghaziabad.
after addressing a gathering in ghaziabad on sunday morning,advani will move to new delhi where the yatra will conclude at the ramlila ground.
days after the bjp announced that no sitting councillor will be given a seat in the upcoming municipal elections, almost 125 councillors congregated at the civic centre to pour out their grievances.
in the evening, the councillors went to the houses of mp pravesh verma and union sports minister vijay goel to register their protest.
at the protest on tuesday, the councillors accused the first-time members of parliament for the harsh treatment meted out to them.
they called us corrupt.
they do not even know how much we have worked to sustain this position and win a seat for the party.
we are workers.
now probably the national leadership also thinks of us in the same, said an angry councillors.
expressing grievance about the fact that all these councillors had even helped the mps get elected, one angry councillor said, we left all our works to campaign for them.
now, to secure seats for their own people, they have taken this decision.
this does not seem right.
we will speak to the top leadership about it, said a senior councillor.
he elaborated on how the first time mps did not even know the roads and lanes in their constituencies.
however, few kept their guards up and refused to join the chorus.
we are furious but partys decision is supreme.
if a decision is taken, all we are left to do is support it, said a councillor.
they are planning to meet union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday to make him aware of their grievances.
congress general secretary digvijay singh said today he had not received any legal notice from lokpal panel co-chairman shanti bhushan,who has found himself embroiled in a fresh land controversy over allotment of priced farmhouse plots to him and his son jayant in noida.
i have not received any notice from bhushan and even if i do,i will not reply to it, singh told pti.
bhushan should be aware that sending legal notices does not serve any purpose, he said adding the senior lawyer should file a case against him.
bhushan had served a legal notice on the congress leader demanding a public apology for levelling allegations against him on a property deal.
the notice was served through lawyer kamini jaiswal who asked singh to publicly apologise for the incorrect allegations made by him against bhushan.
a copy of the legal notice was also sent to congress chief sonia gandhi.
singh said bjp president nitingadkari gadkari too had sent him a legal notice,to which he had not replied.
the notice was sent to singh last year for his allegations of corruption against gadkari.
he alleged that gadkari had amassed huge wealth in a short span of time and his antecedents should be checked.
following that the matter died its natural death, singh said.
b'irked by balbir punjs comment that bjp has not outsourced responsibility of defining who is secular,jd(u) president sharad yadav today asked his bjp counterpart nitingadkari gadkari to restrain such members in his party when a ceasefire has been drawn on the issue.
what was the need for such an untimely and illogical statement by the bjp mp,who is also the in-charge of gujarat for his party affairs?
i have talked to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari.
he should restrain such persons.
such unnecessary talks should not happen, yadav,who is nda convener said.
the jd-u president pointed out that his party has already drawn a ceasefire by asking its members to consult either him or bihar chief minister nitish kumar before speaking out.
renewing the war of words between bjp and jd-u over the issue of narendra modis projection,punj yesterday said in vadodra that modi was prime minister material criticising opponents who questioned modis secular credentials.
he had also said that bjp has not outsourced the responsibility of declaring and defining who is secular in the bjp.
earlier taking the pitch of nitish kumar for a secular prime ministerial candidate by the nda to a new decibel,jd-u general secretary shivanand tewari had said that the nda cannot come to power with a fanatic face.
he had also justified the upas economic policies saying the countrys economy would have been no better even if bjp leader ravishankar prasad would have been finance minister.
as the war of words intensified,senior jd(u) leaders on saturday advised its spokespersons to consult them before speaking out.
yadav categorically said the support of jd(u) to upa presidential candidate pranab mukherjee is no indicationof any rift in the nda.
yadav today questioned why the firing continues from their (bjp) side even as we have brought a ceasefire in our camp.
the jdu president also made it clear that while jd(u) has supported pranab mukherjees presidential candidature,it remains opposed to upas economic policies.
whether it is the scare over the gujarat elections or the coming lok sabha polls in 2019, both narendra modi and amit shah appear keen to mend fences with the media.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) whether it is the scare over the gujarat elections or the coming lok sabha polls in 2019, both narendra modi and amit shah appear keen to mend fences with the media.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)home truthsunion home minister rajnath singh, who once saw narendra modi as a rival, seems to have worked out a comfortable understanding with both the prime minister and bjp president amit shah.
this is unlike road transport & highways minister nitingadkari gadkari, who remains the most independent of modis top five ministers.
sometime ago, when shah was asked about bjp rebels taking a viewpoint different from the party line, shahs response was that it was only when modi, arun jaitley, rajnath singh and he himself spoke that it could be assumed that it was the party line.
significantly, singh was the only senior central minister, apart from jaitley, to have campaigned for the party in gujarat.
impress, not represswhether it is the scare over the gujarat elections or the coming lok sabha polls in 2019, both narendra modi and amit shah appear keen to mend fences with the media.
over the last 10 days, modi, along with his media advisers in the party and pmo, has had separate interactions with the senior staff of two newspapers and two tv channels.
more such meetings are being planned.
modi was amiable and accommodating and ready to answer all questions off-the-record.
he even reminisced about his years as chief minister.
shah, who was earlier dismissive of newspersons and refused to meet them, has of late become more friendly and forthcoming.
ways of the rajthe imperial style of the raj still prevails at rashtrapati bhavan.
a recent rti response to a lucknow-based activist, dr nutan thakur, who had enquired about the size of the rashtrapati bhavan staff, revealed the following: some 540 personnel work in the rashtrapati bhavan household establishment alone.
there are 28 cooks, including two chief cooks, one chief baker, one chief halwai; 32 butlers, including four head butlers; and 10 persons to polish the silver and brass.
there are 19 washermen, including the chief laundry man, one tennis coach and two squash coaches.
there are 37 drivers, 184 gardeners and 57 cleaners.
other staff members include four artistes, 13 museum assistants and two tractor drivers.
the total salary bill for october 2017 was rs 1.
34 crore.
friendship souredpravin togadias travails have brought into focus the fact that his once promising career is at a new low.
at the vhp meet in bhubaneswar last month, he discovered that his core following had deserted him and he may soon lose his position as international working president of the vhp.
to add to his woes, he is dogged by numerous cases against him in different parts of the country for hate speeches.
togadia holds the pm responsible, and at bhubaneswar, did not hide his bitterness towards modi.
back in the early eighties, modi and togadia were the best of friends.
the former was an anonymous rss worker, and the latter a leading light of the vhp, who could attract a crowd of 50,000 at his meetings.
but within little more than a decade, the tables were turned.
modi became a major power in gujarat politics and by 2001, chief minister.
togadia nursed a grievance that as cm, modi cut off the vhps sources of funding.
during the recent assembly campaign, togadia, a patidar, is believed to have backed the rebellion of his community against the state government.
his final humiliation is that people now sometimes refer to hardik patel as the new togadia.
son-rise soonwhen congress leader jyotiraditya scindia attacked madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan while campaigning for the kolaras assembly by-election, it was not chouhan but his 24-year-old son kartikey who responded.
he accused scindia of low-level politics for calling for an end to kaurava rule.
kartikey is a prosperous agriculturist, who runs a dairy, and also a thriving florist, but it seems he will soon join his fathers profession.
at shivpuri, he addressed his first public rally, outside his fathers budhni assembly constituency.
of the 15 cms of the state, the kin of only two, p c sethi and kailash nath katju, have kept away from politics.
kartikey is still too young to stand for election, but he knows his father needs all the help he can get in the state polls due later this year.
chouhan, who has been cm thrice, faces anti-incumbency.
since the relationship is lukewarm, narendra modi and amit shah may not pull out all the stops to help him out, as they did in gujarat.
but chouhan has another powerful force working for him, the rss.
sangh sarsanghachalak mohan bhagwat spent a week in vidisha, and in the last six months, has made several trips to the state.
according to sources, the prime minister will address 10 rallies starting october 4 in haryana and another two dozen rallies in maharashtra.
(source: pti)as bjp seeks to wrest control of haryana and maharashtra from congress in october 15 assembly polls, prime minister narendra modi will lead the partys campaign in the two states from october 4.
bjp sources said party veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi will also campaign in maharashtra.
however, they may not campaign in haryana as their names are not among the star campaigners.
according to sources, the prime minister will address 10 rallies starting october 4 in haryana and another two dozen rallies in maharashtra.
on the first day of his campaign, modi will address four rallies  one in haryana and three in maharashtra at kohlapur, beed and mumbai.
bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan of madhya pradesh, raman singh of chhattisgarh vasundhara raje of rajasthan, manohar parrikar of goa and anandiben patel of gujarat will also campaign in haryana and maharashtra, besides party chief amit shah and a host of other top leaders, including union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
in haryana, the prime minister will address one election rally each from october 4 to 10 and three rallies across the state on october 11.
maharashtra being a bigger states, modi will address at least three rallies everyday followed by four rallies on the last day of the campaign on october 13.
top party leaders held meetings in delhi, rohtak and mumbai to chalk out final plans of campaign in the coming assembly polls.
final touches are being given to the campaign plan which will be cleared by the prime minister after his return from the united states.
actor-turned-politician hema malini and smriti irani will be among the partys star women campaigners in both states.
the party is focussing on the development model and the prime minister will woo the electorate with the promise of initiating all-round development evenly across the two states and providing good governance.
the party will attacking congress, which has been ruling the two states for long, on development and law and order planks.
while haryana has 90 assembly seats, maharashtra has 288 seats.
bjp is contesting alone after it ended its tie-ups in haryana with haryana janhit congress and with its 25-year- old ally shiv sena in maharashtra.
congress faces anti-incumbency in both the states as it is in power in haryana for the last 10 years and 15 years in maharashtra.
campaigning for the october 15 assembly polls in the two states will end on october 13 and the results will be out on october 19.
the aam aadmi party has decided to challenge the order of the metropolitan magistrate, who sent its leader arvind kejriwal to judicial custody for not furnishing a bond in a defamation case, in a higher court.
the aap has decided to challenge the erroneous order of the learned metropolitan magistrate, who sent kejriwal to judicial custody in the tihar jail despite the fact that he was ready to give an undertaking to ensure his presence on all dates of hearing in the case of criminal defamation filed by the former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari against him, the party said in a statement.
aap said that kejriwal on saturday spent his third day in the tihar jail because of the principled stand taken by him on the issue of political battles being fought in courts of law.
he will be in judicial custody until june 6.
party volunteers have been asked to distribute kejriwals letter written by him from the tihar jail to households in delhi.
kejriwals fight is not merely confined to a legal uestion of whether an individual summoned in a case of criminal defamation should be subjected to furnishing a bail bond, but it is for the rights of thousands of poor and helpless people languishing in jails due to their inability to furnish such bonds.
the issue raised by kejriwal poses a serious question mark on the countrys legal system that whether people who cannot furnish surety bonds will be allowed to suffer in jails merely on technical grounds, even if they have committed no crime, the party said.
it added that such mechanical procedures harass the poor and helpless, these procedures also consume a lot of time of the courts in unnecessary formalities.
bjp on thursday said the government should not make a raja and suresh kalmadi scapegoats in the 2-g spectrum issue and commonwealth games scams and asserted that since all decisions were taken by the union cabinet and the prime minister,a jpc probe alone could bring out the truth.
he stuck to the bjp stand that until a jpc is formed,the whole truth will not come out.
he alleged that the congress and upa were involved in the 2-g spectrum allocation scam and without them this scandal was not possible.
others cannot get away with a clean image by sacrificing kalmadi and raja  though the two may be guilty.
the government cannot make them scapegoats and get away, he said.
he also alleged that the prime minister should be held responsible for the policy decisions on 2-g spectrum allocation.
the principal secretary wrote a note that the group of ministers taking out the pricing clause would be harmful for the nation.
he claimed that under some pressure the prime minister over-ruled the principal secretary and gave permission.
in this department (telecom),in a way a license was given by the central government to openly indulge in corruption.
he demanded that a full inquiry should be conducted to bring out the truth in black and white.
steel minister beni prasad verma on tuesday took a dig at bjp and its chief nitingadkari gadkari,saying the president is just like the party.
gadkari is fully qualified for the presidentship of bjp.
this is the qualification required to become bjp president bjp president must be like this only.
this is the essential qualification in bjp, he siad.
media reports have raised questions over the source of funds for purti power and sugar ltd controlled by gadkari.
media investigations claim that major investments and large loans to purti were made by a construction firm ideal road builders (irb) group,which had won contracts between 1995 and 1999,when gadkari was pwd minister in maharashtra.
gadkari has denied the allegations and offered himself and his companies to any probe.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo) union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday cited criticism the bjp faces for inducting criminals into the party and said that entry of such people only changes them.
amchyaver goonhegaranna pakshat ghetla mahnun nehmi teeka hote goonhegar pakshat aala ter tyache doash kami karun goon amhi vadavtoamchya pakshat valyacha valmiki hoto (bjp always faces criticism for admitting criminals into the party.
if criminals enter the party, we lessen their faults and increase their meritsin our party, criminals change for good, in the same way in which valya, a robber, turned into valmiki), he said, adding that bjp inducted several criminals in nagpur.
he cited the case of a criminal, who is now known as protector of women.
he was a robber and now helps women reach home safely late at night.
also, proper traffic signals will be installed.
also, proper traffic signals will be installed.
we have taken a decision yesterday.
to prevent accidents, national highways across the country would be made acess-controlled by using galvanised sheets to insulate roads from trespassing, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said at the launch of a coffee table book the golden quadrilateral.
the decision in this regard was taken at a high-level meeting on thursday.
watch video: whats making newsbesides, he said, fluorescent markings would be done to make driving safe during night.
also, proper traffic signals will be installed.
the project work is slated to start soon and some challenges are expected at some places having dense habitations across the highways, a highway official said.
we would need to build bridges and underpasses for the local people so that they can access the road, he said.
india at present accounts for one of the highest number of road accidents in the globe at about 5 lakh per annum in which 1.
5 lakh people die and another 3 lakh are crippled.
the minister said greening of highways are being done under green highways project and he planned developing mumbai to goa route via sagari mahamarg on the pattern of coastal highway between san franscisco and los angeles.
the minister said the coastal highway in the us gave a view of the sea where driving was a pleasure and commuters could stop besides sea.
we are planning to develop mumbai to goa sagari mahamarg on the same pattern, he said.
on golden quadrilateral project, the minister said the work will be completed on it by next year.
he said his ministry was committed to taking the length of the national highways to 2 lakh km from the present 96,000 km and achieving 41 km of road building target by march 2017.
the minister also unveiled a coffee table book titled the golden quadrilateral, authored by bob rupan and having a foreword by r c bhargava.
b'not even an year has passed since bjp parted ways with the bjd in orissa,the national head of the former has accused the orissa govt of indulging in corruption at the cost of the interests of the state.
slamming the bjd government in orissa for alleged corruption and scams,the bjp accused it of violating laws and neglecting the states interests to favour private companies.
accusing the naveen patnaik government of violating laws to favour private companies,gadkari alleged that crores of rupees were misappropriated during the bjd rule in the name of providing roads and drinking water in the poverty-stricken kbk region.
the bjd government also failed in utilising central schemes and projects due to callousness,he claimed.
gadkari alleged that corruption in states like orissa and assam needs to be highlighted at the national level.
to check corruption,resources like minerals should be given on auction basis and e-tender introduced,he said.
the bjp chief said agriculture was suffering in orissa in the absence of measures to strengthen irrigation,diversify crop pattern and prevent natural calamities like floods by building a proper canal system.
state bjp president khimi ram seems to have emerged as chief minister prem kumar dhumals favourite for induction in the cabinet to fill the vacancy created by resignation of jp nadda,presently all india bjp general secretary,early last year.
the move comes in the wake of pressure being built up by dhumals detractors to replace khimi ram in the wake of the recent panchayati raj elections,which,the rivals allege,witnessed poor management of the party affairs.
khimi ram has been at the receiving end even in his home district kullu.
a two-time bjp mla from banjar,khimi ram was elected as party president last year on the intervention of bjp president nitingadkari gadkari after the state leadership was unable to reach a consensus on any candidate.
even then,party veteran and former chief minister shanta kumar,who backed nadda  then a sitting cabinet minister  had stayed back from the ceremony to formally elect khimi ram as party chief here.
the central party leaders had assured at that time to keep the party presidents issue open and review the arrangement after six months.
its now certain that khimi ram will be replaced,but his exit could be equally rewarding if he joins the cabinet, a bjp mla confirmed to the indian express this morning.
but,the question is,who will replace khimi ram as party president?
for this,the cm had already held consultations with party seniors in delhi and had later met shanta kumar at palampur last month.
since shanta kumar remains unreachable,being away on tour,dhumal is waiting for his return.
some of the names being mentioned include randhir sharma,whose name was earlier mentioned for the cabinet post as naddas replacement from bilaspur district.
if not the cabinet berth,sharma  a brahmin will surely be eyeing an organisational job.
insiders say shanta kumar has proposed the name of rohru mla khushi ram balnatah,who was earlier the partys general secretary.
its the first time bjp won the rohru seat  a stronghold of union minister virbhadra singh.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo) union minister nitingadkari gadkari (file photo)boosted by a slew of steps to enhance efficiency, the countrys 12 major ports surpassed private players by handling a record 673.
major ports under the centre handled a record 647.
43 million tonnes (mt) of cargo in 2016-17 registering an annual growth rate of 6.
79 per cent against 4.
32 per cent in 2015-16, the shipping, road transport and highways minister told reporters here.
annual growth rate recorded by private ports was only 4 per cent, he said, adding the performance of major ports was steadily improving on the back of a number of initiatives taken by the government to enhance their efficiency.
kandla port retained its top position among all major ports and handled 105.
44 mt followed by paradip port which handled 88.
95 mt and mumbai port that handled 63.
jnpt recorded highest ever handling of 4.
5 million teus (twenty foot equivalent units) during 2016-17 while port-owned terminal jnpct achieved highest ever handling of 1.
53 million teus during 2016-17, registering a growth rate of 7.
33 per cent.
among commodities handled, iron ore traffic picked up again, attaining the highest growth rate of 163.
67 per cent while other miscellaneous and general cargo grew by 18.
53 per cent and petroleum, oil, lubricants (pol) products by 8.
16 per cent.
the minister said efficiency indicators in major ports are steadily improving and during the last fiscal, total turnaround time came down to 3.
44 days as against 3.
64 days during the last year.
likewise, average output per ship berth day has gone up to 14,583 tonnes as against 13,748 tonnes during the last year.
major ports have been benchmarked to international standards, he said, adding that 70 initiatives have been implemented and the remaining will be done by 2019.
this has resulted in unlocking 80 million tonne per annum capacity.
india has 12 major ports  kandla, mumbai, jnpt, marmugao, new mangalore, cochin, chennai, ennore, v o chidambaranar, visakhapatnam, paradip and kolkata (including haldia) which handle approximately 61 per cent of the countrys total cargo traffic.
uddhav thackeray outside sena bhavan on saturday.
prashant nadkar uddhav thackeray outside sena bhavan on saturday.
prashant nadkarthe shiv sena appears to be in no mood to back off in its ongoing face-off with the bjp, insisting that it will install its own mayor in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
at a meeting of newly-elected shiv sena corporators on saturday night, the party also warned its cadre against defecting to the bjp.
leader after leader struck an aggressive posture against the bjp, with senior leaders such as ramdas kadam claiming that the sena will show the bjp its aukat (the limits of its capability).
the sena leadership seems to have decided against making any conciliatory overtures to the bjp for now.
the move comes in the backdrop of discussions by the party leadership that such a move could be seen as a sign of weakness and harm the party in the long run.
the party has also decided not to respond to the statement of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, who had said it was time the two parties came together.
when asked by reporters what he felt about gadkaris statement, all sena chief uddhav thackeray said was jay maharashtra .
meanwhile, senior sena leader anil parab said a sena mayor would be at the helm of the bmc, and the bjp should have realised it was better to stick with its alliance partner before the elections.
as of now, the alliance remains broken, said parab.
watch what else is making newstaking a more aggressive stand, senior sena leader and minister of environment in the maharashtra government ramdas kadam said the party would show the bjp its real worth in the next few days.
the chief minister and other individuals around him, who believe themselves to be leaders, should pay heed to what gadkariji is saying.
the sena will make its stand clear soon but we will show the bjp its real worth in the next few days, said kadam.
on saturday evening, the sena leadership also met the 84 newly-elected corporators in mumbai, at the shiv sena bhavan in shivaji park.
four independent corporators, who have assured the sena of their support, were also present at the meeting.
sena leaders claimed that the meeting was held to brief corporators about the technicalities they need to complete before they get sworn in as members of the bmc.
however, these corproators were also warned against defecting from the sena.
in a closed-door meeting with the corporators, sena president uddhav thackeray is said to have told them, the sena will definitely install its own mayor in the bmc.
however, i would also warn you that i will not tolerate dissension or take kindly to those who betray the party.
the sena sees its present struggle as a fight for its survival; many young leaders feel that acceding space to the bjp at this moment could cause immense harm to the party.
b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari urged party workers to work for the party and not for posts in the recently concluded maharashtra bjp meeting.
file photo/agencies.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari urged party workers to work for the party and not for posts in the recently concluded maharashtra bjp meeting.
file photo/agencies.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari today took potshots at the style of functioning of overenthusiastic personal assistants (pas) of ministers, saying sometimes the kettle is hotter than the tea.
in a light-hearted banter, gadkari cited an incident when his pa directed a railway station master to ensure that the train in which he was travelling enters platform number 1, adjacent to the exit.
i was travelling to nagpur by train.
my pa telephoned the station master asking him to see that the train enters and halts at platform number 1 as i had a leg injury.
i kept wondering as this was done without my knowledge, he said speaking at the two day maharashtra bjp executive meeting which concluded here today.
but if this cap (his quip about pas) fits somebody, consider it as a coincidence, he said, as former maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse, who had resigned in the wake of charges against him that included an alleged bribe taken by his pa, shared the dais with gadkari.
in such situations, i lower my head hoping that people would not recognise me and avoid hearing comments that because of me their time was wasted, the union road transport minister said.
he urged the party workers to dedicate themselves to organisational work and strive for national cause without pining for the fleeting glamour that goes with positions of power.
union minster nitingadkari gadkari.
(pti photo) union minster nitingadkari gadkari.
(pti photo)seeking to end vip culture, the union cabinet today decided that beacon light will be removed from all vehicles, including that of the prime minister, from may 1.
in a historic decision, the cabinet has decided that beacon lights will be removed from all vehicles, barring emergency service vehicles, from may 1, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari told pti.
gadkari showed the way by becoming the first minister to take the beacon off his official vehicle after the cabinet meeting, chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
it has been decided to do away with beacons of all kinds on top of all categories of vehicles in the country.
the minister said this government is a government of common masses and has decided to abolish vip culture of beacon lights and sirens.
the government has taken the decision with a view to strengthening healthy democratic values in the country.
the government is of the considered opinion that beacons on vehicles are perceived symbols of vip culture and have no place in a democratic country.
they have no relevance whatsoever, gadkari reasoned.
beacons, however, will be allowed on vehicles concerning emergency and relief services, ambulance, fire service etc.
in light of the decision, the ministry of road transport and highways will make necessary provisions in law.
according to gadkari, this is start of a healthy culture and tradition as blaring of sirens and blazing of beacons used to anger the masses.
in many states, even mlas blatantly used beacon lights, he said, adding that some of them had the practice of using detachable beacons.
even use of sirens by ministers is not legal as these can be used only by pilot police vehicles, he pointed out.
the step is bound to increase faith and respect of common masses in the narendra modi government, he hoped.
asked what will be the punitive measures in case of violations, the minister said action will be taken as per provisions.
he said a detailed notification in this regard will be issued soon and there is no need for any amendment in the motor vehicles act.
we can issue the notification under respective rules and before that, a notice will be issued for public hearing, he said.
b'the bharatiya shikshan mandal (bsm), an education wing of the rss, is set to organise a three-day international conclave in nagpur to develop a bharatiya approach in research work in the country.
this comes after the rss pushed for the indianisation of basic education in its suggestions for the new education policy.
the conference, research for resurgence, will begin on february 11.
a series of papers under the categories bharatiya knowledge system, architecture, civilisation harmony, environment and humanities are set to be presented during the event.
the selected papers include, herbal renaissance: a journey of land folklore towards lab pharma; desi cow urine  sanjeevani for honeybees and human health; brain gym  an essential workout for creative output; therapeutic use of vedic chanting, and appreciating the indian temple architecture  an indian viewpoint.
union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, smriti irani and prakash javadekar and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis are expected to attend.
organisers said the conference aims to shift the focus of education, including higher education and research, from the self to nation building, social development and overall development of society.
they said information explosion and the consumer-driven spurt in technological advancement has posed new challenges.
the purpose of research in present day education has to be sublimated to the level of national regeneration, said vishram jamdar, chairman of the board of governors of visvesvaraya national institute of technology, which is hosting the conference.
jamdar said prominent speakers include suhas gopinath from the us, datuk jeyaindram sinnadurai, health advisor to the malyasia pm, and anand paranjpe from canada.
participants will interact with aicte chairman anil sahasrabudhe, naac director dhirendra pal singh, former isro chairman g madhavan nair and vice-chancellors of 40 universities.
mukul kanitkar, the national organising secretary of bsm, said: there should not be any structural method for researches.
it should be flexible.
we have found that upanishads give 13 methodologies.
there will be discussions on them.
illustration: c r sasikumar illustration: c r sasikumarfive years ago, when it received a shipment of a 450-tonne stator from technology partner siemens at mumbai port, state-owned bharat heavy electricals ltd (bhel) decided against unloading it there due to logistical constraints.
instead, it chose to transport the consignment by barge to karwar, from where it was moved to raichur, the final destination in karnataka, for which, bhels logistics contractor had to build 15 bypasses enroute to ensure that the cargo reaches raichur safe and sound.
constructing bypasses to move large-sized cargo has become a routine affair for engineering firms such as bhel, mainly because there are generally no reliable estimates on the adequacy of most road bridges, specifically on their weight-bearing capacity.
companies such as larsen & toubro face the same problems for moving heavy, or over-dimensional (od) cargo from their factories to the sites where they are to be deployed.
an initiative by the ministry of road transport and highways to launch a structural rating plan for bridges in the country now heralds hope for movers of od cargo and the progress of infrastructure projects across the country.
under the indian bridge management system (ibms) that was launched in october, inventory and condition assessment of all the existing bridges on national highways is to be carried out.
under this, inventory for more than 1,35,000 structures has already been completed till february this year, of which about 90,000 are culverts and the rest are bridges, officials involved in the exercise said.
over time, ibms is touted to be the largest platform in the world owned by a single owner, with database that could exceed 1,50,000 bridge structures.
in addition to the structural rating, the bridges are also being assigned socio-economic ratings, which will decide the importance of the structure in relation to its contribution to daily socio-economic activity of the area.
this is especially important in a country like india, where, as a thumb rule, bridges are constructed with the maximum weight adequacy being defined in terms of the structure being able to take the weight and dimensions of the arjun mbt tank.
the move to launch the ibms is aimed at ensuring proper and timely upkeep of bridges, wherein the starting point is the creation of a database of these structures.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari had, at the launch of the structural rating platform, admitted that the poor condition of bridges hampers efficient transport and has also led to accidents and loss of lives on several occasions.
the ibms, he said, aims to fill this gap by preparing a database of all bridges in the country and detailing their structural condition so that timely action can be taken to repair the structures or build new ones in their place.
the lack of a credible database on bridges has led to a situation where it proved maintaining their proper upkeep difficult.
ibms would lead to the creation of an inventory of all bridges in the country and a rating of their structural condition, so that timely repair and rehabilitation work can be carried out based on the criticality of the structure, an official in the ministry of roads indicated.
alongside the standardisation of the structural standard of bridges, which will be followed up with their load-bearing capacity explicitly being mentioned on the structures, a streamlining of clearances for od cargo movement on them is of vital importance.
alongside the problem of there being no specifications on whether bridges can take the weight of an od cargo, there is currently no single authority that can issue certificates for inter-state movement of large-sized cargo.
the permission is issued only at the state-borders, after the consignment reaches there, according to manish kataria of the hydraulic trailer owners association of india.
the harassment that truckers face throughout the journey, from state transport officials, policemen and at tax barricades, only compounds the problem further.
the roads ministry, officials said, has launched a web portal for online approval of movement of od and over weight cargo (owc), a move that would avoid transit delays in movement of equipment by modular hydraulic axle trailers.
there has been a pressing need to have well-set guidelines for heavy haulage by road that can combine requisite clearances from multiple agencies such as the public works department, the national highways authority of india for using roads and bridges; the state electricity boards for overhead wires and the railway board for railway bridges.
lack of standardised rules across states makes this difficult, kataria said.
alongside the ibms, the state-owned national highways authority of india (nhai) has also awarded a consultancy contract for technical assistance to strengthen asset management capacity of nhai and the ministry and the target for completion of the work is october, 2017.
the scope of the work include development of an upgraded road asset management system (rams) and pilot survey data collection through a survey vehicle for 3,000 km length of nhs.
the database for 3,000 km of nhs has been developed and hosted on nhai server, an official said.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)hours after the union cabinet decided to do away with red beacons on top of officials cars, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday said, every indian is special.
every indian is a vip.
the prime minister was responding to a tweet that hailed his governments decision to remove red beacons atop official cars.
while responding to comments on twitter, pm modi also said that it was out of touch with the spirit of new india.
the prime ministers response comes after the union cabinet decision today to ban red beacons atop vehicles of vvips, including the prime minister, president and vice president.
many cabinet ministers, such as transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, as well as maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, have already removed red beacons from their official cars.
the decision is to be implemented by may 1.
also read: why 2001 attack on parliament prompted delhi police to crackdown on the illegal use of red beaconswhile briefing the press regarding the decision, finance minister arun jaitley had said, a red light can be carried in vehicles of high dignitaries specified by the central and state government.
now, neither in state or centre the government will be able to nominate any members to use the red beacon.
there are no exceptions.
he added that the rule will not apply to the fire brigade, ambulance services, police vehicles and other emergency services, which will be allowed to use the blue beacon.
the ban will apply to the prime minister, all union ministers, chief ministers, state cabinet ministers, bureaucrats and judges in the high court and supreme court.
the union cabinets decision comes close on the heels of the uttar pradesh and punjab governments decision against the use of lal batti on official cars.
b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
if land acquisition and environmental clearances had come in time, a new bridge would already have been constructed (over river savitri), he said at the lokmat infra conclave in mumbai.
the union road transport minister, who had owned up responsibility for the august 2 tragedy, rued people are dying on the mumbai-goa national highway due to troubles with land acquisition, environmental clearances and shifting of encroachers.
the chief minister of maharashtra, devendra fadnavis, is concerned about this, i am also very concerned.
but what can we do?
he said.
as many as 26 people were killed when a part of the over a century-old bridge on savitri river near the town of mahad handling north-bound traffic collapsed last month.
at least two state transport buses and a multi-utility vehicle plunged into the river, which was swollen due to torrential rains.
noting that there has been a four per cent rise in deaths on roads over the last two years, he said the governments top priority is to bring down such accidents.
he said the government is targeting to reduce accidental deaths on roads by 50 per cent before its term comes to an end in may 2019.
the lok sabha mp from nagpur said maharashtra will receive special attention as part of the highway expansion and safety upgradation.
maharashtra has 22,000 km of the overall 1.
it can be noted that pandharpur in solapur district in western maharashtra is an important centre of pilgrimage and gadkari said the roads will also help the warkaris (devotees of lord vitthal) who converge in the town every monsoon.
the minister announced that work on the over 320 km vadodara-mumbai express highway, which will be constructed at a cost of over rs 42,000 crore, will commence from january 1 next year.
he said the total investment in road infrastructure in maharashtra will exceed his previously announced target of rs 2 trillion during the nda rule, and can go up to rs 3 trillion.
with top leaders from the bjp and its allies sharing the stage, bjp president amit shah saturday filed his nomination papers for the lok sabha election from gandhinagar in gujarat.
advertisingbefore that, shah addressed a rally and conducted a roadshow in gandhinagar in a show of strength to demonstrate that the nda was strong and united against the opposition alliance.
advani, who shah replaced as the gandhinagar candidate, was absent, however, both in person as well as in posters from the vijay sankalp rally, the four-km roadshow and when shah filed his nomination papers.
explained signal of bjp chiefs political importance shah had a much bigger assembly than modi did when he filed his nomination papers in 2014.
top leaders of the bjps alliance partners shiv sena, akali dal and ljp, apart from two former party presidents, rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari, accompanied shah.
while this clearly signalled shahs political weight in the bjp and the nda, the absence of party patriarch l k advani, whom shah seeks to replace at the gandhinagar seat, did not go unnoticed.
shah did briefly mention advani saying he represented the gandhinagar seat in parliament for a long time while union home minister rajnath singh called advani a kaddavar neta (heavyweight leader) and said shah was going to carry forward his (advanis) legacy.
addressing the rally, shah said he felt fortunate that the bjp had nominated him from gandhinagar constituency, a seat that has also been represented by former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and purushottam ganesh mavalankar.
click for more election newsafter the bjp denied him a ticket citing the partys upper age restriction policy, advanis absence in all three gandhinagar events did not go unnoticed.
advani represented gandhinagar for six terms since 1991, barring 1996, when vajpayee was elected.
shahs programme in the city began with a rally in sardar patel chowk in naranpura with top leaders from nda allies including the shiv sena, akali dal and lok janshakti party (ljp).
shah even touched the feet of akali dal leader parkash singh badal.
in his address, rajnath singh said the congress should be punished for using abusive words against the prime minister.
put everything aside for a month and work to take the bjp and the nda to the top, he said.
after drawing flak for denying tickets to party veterans including advani and murli manohar joshi, the bjp saturday also ensured that former party presidents rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari were on stage to signal shahs political significance in the bjp.
when shah filed his nomination papers, rajnath singh, uddhav thackeray, union finance minister arun jaitley and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani were present.
and plasters across posters were prime minister narendra modi, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, ljp chief ram vilas paswan and badal.
the posters had the bjps election lotus symbol with the slogan phir ek baar, modi sarkaar.
thackeray said that while the shiv sena and bjp had some differences, they had the same ideology.
amitbhai came home and when we sat together there were no differences.
we have removed all our differencesour ideology is hindutva.
my father (balasaheb thackeray) used to say hindutva is our breath.
if our breath stops, how will we live?
charging congress with adopting a contradictory stand on black money stashed abroad by indian nationals,bjp on sunday derided congress leader rahul gandhis demand to bring such persons to book,calling it a joke.
congress ministers have refused to reveal names of account holders in banks abroad,while rahul gandhi has remarked that black money holders should be brought to book.
this statement is nothing but a joke, bjp president nitingadkari gadkari told reporters here.
coming down on the upa government for not revealing the names of indians who had parked black money in banks overseas,gadkari demanded to know why it was hesistant to do so.
what prevents you from doing it?
.
joining the raging debate on black money,gandhi had on saturday demanded stringent and speedy action against corruption,saying indian money lying outside the country should be brought back.
gadkari dismissed as an eyewash,the visit of foreign secretary nirupama rao to sri lanka tomorrow to discuss with the island government the issue of attacks on indian fishermen allegedly by its navy.
he said opposition party leader in the lok sabha sushma swaraj would visit vedharanyam in tamil nadu,the nearest spot to the sri lankan coast and also sri lanka in february to acquaint herself with the hardships faced by indian fishermen.
we will not go to seek the support of any party.
we are ready for alliance.
if they are ready,we are also ready, he said.
gadkari pointed out that his party initially had just two mlas in karnataka but was now in power there.
similarly,we will grow (wherever we are).
in tamil nadu we will work very hard for the coming elections, he said.
on attacks on indian fishermen allegedly by the sri lankan navy,he alleged the centre was not serious about tackling it.
bjp will raise the issue in and outside parliament, he said.
gadkari termed as unfortunate and totally false,the appointment of p j thomas as chief vigilance commissioner.
opposition party leader sushma swaraj has already said she would file an affidavit (in the supreme court),he said.
on january 27,bjp had slammed the government for claiming in the supreme court that the committee which chose thomas as cvc last year was not aware of corruption charges against him and sought an answer from prime minister manmohan singh for the patent lie.
sushma swaraj,who was a member of the committee headed by singh and had opposed thomas selection in writing,had said she would file an affidavit in the apex court to set the record straight.
asked about the new telecom policy launched by telecom minister kapil sibal,he said there was need for transparency in it.
what we need is a transparent policy.
bjp has already prepared a policy in coal auction and there is a separate e-auction for it.
we need only a transparent policy, he said.
sibal had said on saturday that all operators would henceforth have to pay market price for initial as well additional spectrum.
he alleged that the centres wrong policies had resulted in 18 per cent inflation.
prime minister narendra modi.
(source: pti) prime minister narendra modi.
(source: pti)prime minister narendra modi on wednesday held a meeting with senior ministers in the capital, hours after the supreme court announced the order restoring criminal conspiracy charges against senior bjp leaders lk advani, mm joshi and uma bharti in the babri masjid demolition case.
home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, minister for information and broadcasting venkaiah naidu, and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari were reportedly present in the meeting, pti quoted sources as saying.
according to pti, the political situation in the country was discussed in the meeting, but details of the issues were not made public.
also read | babri masjid demolition case: a timeline of the long-standing disputeearlier in the day, the supreme court ruled that lk advani, uma bharti and mm joshi will face criminal conspiracy charges in the babri masjid demolition case.
the bench comprised justices pc ghose and rf nariman.
the sc directed the sessions judge in lucknow to conduct the trial in the babri demolition case on a daily basis, and has said that the judge would not be transferred.
it also ruled out a fresh trial in the case.
the apex court ordered the cbi to ensure that witnesses are produced in court everyday so that there is no delay in the trial, which will have to be completed in two years.
after the ruling, the opposition demanded uma bhartis resignation from her current post in the cabinet as minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation.
finance minister arun jaitley, however, later ruled out her resignation from the union cabinet.
this case is going on since 1993.
somehow it is going on and no new situation has arisen.
so the situation which was prevailing will continue, jaitley said.
when asked whether the leaders should resign after the chargesheet is filed, he added, there have been ministers, there have been deputy prime ministers if charge sheet is the rule (to resign), then just calculate, how many congress chief ministers will (have to go).
also read | arun jaitley rules out uma bharti resignationwhen asked whether the verdict would have an impact on the selection of candidates for the posts of president and vice-president, jaitley dismissed it as hypothetical.
advani and joshi are rumoured to be in the running for the two top constitutional posts after president pranab mukherjees tenure ends on july 24 this year, and vice president hamid ansaris on august 10.
b'related news interactive session organised at high courtknown for its penchant for technology,bjp today became the first party in the country to start a system of teleconferencing between its headquarters and various state unit offices in a bid to hold interactive sessions on issues and party programmes.
bjp president nitingadkari gadkari launched the teleconferencing facility at the party headquarters here when he held discussions with nine state unit offices simultaneously.
if our office-bearers from say assam have to come to delhi for a meeting,it involves expenditure and time in travelling.
the party plans to connect all state unit offices with the headquarters and also among themselves.
once this is done,the state units would take the initiative and get connected to the district units in a similar manner.
gadkari rubbished apprehensions that this may lead to the bjp leaders losing touch with the workers on the ground.
bjp believes in modernisation but is against westernisation.
we can use this technology to hold meetings between leaders.
our farmers can also exchange notes.
this technology will be very useful for us, he said,adding that today even the media had become hi-tech but it had not lost touch with the ground reality.
the bjp president further announced that soon an sms service for party workers would be started in which 25 lakh members would know about programmes and plans at one go.
bjp information technology (it) cell convenor arvind gupta said the main opposition was also the first party to launch its website.
he said this was a low-cost and secure means of conducting interactions.
arrest of raja is not enough.
who is the godfather raja behind him.
let his name be knownthe name of his bosses should be found out.
there should be an inquiry (into it), he said.
raking up the issue of indian black money stashed abroad,gadkari appealed to congress president sonia gandhi to ask the upa government to make public the list of those having illegal bank accounts abroad.
why are you worried?
if you have nothing to hide,then why not make the names of those who have parked their money in banks abroad public, he said at a function of bjps economic cell.
he also questioned the reluctance of the government in putting the list in public domain.
in 2009,prime minister manmohan singh had promised to bring back money in 100 days.
the government has completed 610 days in powerwhy is there a reluctance, he quipped.
he said while finance minister pranab mukherjee cites rules in expressing governments inability to bring back money,congress leader rahul gandhi wants the black money stashed abroad to be brought back.
there are contradictions in their standsrahul gandhi should not tell the media that money should be brought back,he should tell his party and the prime minister, he said.
in an apparent attack on sonia gandhi,the bjp leader wondered where the money withdrawn by controversial businessman ottavio quattrocchi from a london bank was transferred to.
the government had sent a law officer to help quattrocchi defreeze his bank account in london.
the question is where the money withdrawn was later transferredquattrocchis driver had told cbi that he and his wife had free access to (late prime minister) rajiv gandhis residence, he said.
he said the issue of black money was linked to the future of indians who do not have good infrastructure and a comfortable livelihood.
the money can help improve lifestyle of lakhs of indians, he said.
b'union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and maneka gandhi with rajasthan transport minister yunus khan at the launch of mahila gaurav bus service at bikaner house in new delhi on wednesday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and maneka gandhi with rajasthan transport minister yunus khan at the launch of mahila gaurav bus service at bikaner house in new delhi on wednesday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)it will soon be mandatory for public transport buses to install emergency buttons, cctv cameras and vehicle tracking devices to ensure the safety of women commuters, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari said wednesday.
he added that the government will issue a notification on june 2, laying down the safety measures to be installed in public transport buses across the country.
the statement came at an event at bikaner house in delhi where gadkari launched 20 such rajasthan government buses.
the 20 mahila gaurav express buses that would run between delhi and rajasthan are part of a pilot project.
the rajasthan government plans to eventually bring over 2,300 more buses under the projects ambit.
besides gadkari, women and child development minister maneka gandhi and rajasthan transport minister yunus khan were present at the launch event.
with half the funds for the project coming from the centre, the first phase of mahila gaurav express project will cover 2,382 buses while the second phase will cover all 4,500 buses of rajasthan state road transport corporation.
the panic button, when pressed, will send a signal to the depot chief managers phone at jaipur control room with the coordinates of the vehicle and live video feed and also alert the nearest police control room.
the panic button is also connected to the governments womens helpline number.
the camera would record trips and the footage will be stored for five years to facilitate investigation.
also, if a vehicle deviates from the scheduled route, the control room will receive its location, enabling it to track it, an official said.
the bsp is the only party which does not allow reporters to enter its office.
sunday was a rare day when its massive gates opened for the media and chief minister mayawati addressed her first press conference there.
unlike her interactions with the media at her official residence at 5,kalidas marg,mayawati did not seem to be in a hurry to read out from her prepared statement and leave.
she even took out some time to meet with reporters over lunch.
this was also a rare occasion when none of the top bureaucrats was around.
after the cms exit,pwd minister naseemuddin siddiqui and panchayat raj minister swami prasad maurya stayed back and informally talked to the reporters,which was another first.
really,election brings about strange changes in politicians.
guest mattersazamgarhs shibli college has been served notice by the election commission to explain why it allowed rahul gandhi to stay at its guest house last week.
now,samajwadi party state president akhilesh yadav is also staying there.
we are just hosts,we dont call anyone, says principal asfar faizan.
during the freedom struggle,the college played host to several eminent personalities,including motilal nehru,jawaharlal nehru and maulana abul kalam azad.
it has been a very long time since a guest of such a stature visited the college.
incidentally,akhilesh is staying in the same room where rahul had stayed.
but,unlike rahul,he is not drawing crowds of students.
same nitish,another modithe bjps alliance with the janata dal(u) has come apart in up,but the bjp will still project the bihar model as its achievement in the election campaign.
the vision document that party president nitingadkari gadkari is releasing on monday reportedly contains glowing references to bihar.
justifying it,party leader sudheendra kulkarni said bjp is a partner in the ruling alliance in bihar and sushil kumar modi is the deputy chief minister.
but when chief minister nitish kumar comes campaigning for his party jd(u),whose claim on the bihar model will carry greater credibility?
different yardstickswhen gorakhpur mp yogi adityanath trashed the induction of mayawatis former family welfare minister babu singh kushwaha in the bjp,the party leadership tried to calm him down,but in vain.
yogi kept up his attack on the degradation of the partys character.
next,maneka gandhi criticised the partys decision.
yogi next announced that he is not going to campaign for the party.
but still,he has been included in the list of the bjps star campaigners.
however,the party lost no time in suspending state executive member ip singh and another partyman ramasheesh rai for speaking up against kuswahas induction.
both wonder why this selective retribution.
bordering aspirationevery time the bjp announces a list of candidates,uma bhartis supporters are disappointed.
those close to uma bharti say she is keen to contest the election from babina in jhansi,which is close to madhya pradesh.
there is a double benefit in getting elected from babina.
first,she would remain active in up and second she can also keep a close watch on mp where her heart actually lies.
but the bjp leadership believes that if she is allowed to contest in up,she would automatically become the chief ministerial candidate which,they think,is not advisable.
cast awaysix months after his appointment as chairman of the congress media campaign committee in the state,firozabad mp raj babbars chamber in upcc office continues to await him.
sources said he was chosen for the job,thinking that he would be an attractive,articulate face of the party and,being a film actor,grab space on tv channels during the election.
asked about what had kept him away from the party office for so long,a congress leader remarked,we get no information on where is he and what he is doing.
the eight-month-old baby is one of the seven people who were killed in the latest spate of ceasefire violation by pakistan.
(file) the eight-month-old baby is one of the seven people who were killed in the latest spate of ceasefire violation by pakistan.
(file)gopal dass and his family, including his eight-month-old son nitingadkari , were sleeping on the verandah of their house in jammu and kashmirs battal village on sunday as usual when they woke up to sharp cries of the infant.
thinking that nitingadkari may have wet the bed, dasss wife tried to change the childs diapers only to find it was soaked in blood.
as there are no landline or mobile phone facilities in the villages along the line of control (loc), a panic-stricken dass walked for almost three kilometres to arrange a vehicle to take his son to a nearby hospital on sunday night.
at akhnoor, doctors declared him brought dead they said he might have been hit by some knife.
when we returned home, we found a bullet lying underneath the bed on which nitingadkari was sleeping, a shocked dass said.
as per an fir, nitingadkari died after he was hit by a bullet during a ceasefire violation by pakistan in akhnoor near the line of control.
we continue to live in fear as there is firing from across the border almost daily, dass said.
however, no one from the administration has visited us so far.
so whom do we approach for any relief?
the eight-month-old baby is one of the seven people who were killed in the latest spate of ceasefire violation by pakistan.
on tuesday, more than a dozen people, including a 70-year-old woman, were injured as pakistan rangers continued to fire mortar shells and small arms at various areas between akhnoor and samba.
five of the injured belong to r s pura, six from ramgah and one from arnia, sources said.
while the centre has announced a ceasefire during ramzan in jammu and kashmir, pakistan continued to violate the ceasefire along the loc.
since january, 38 people have been killed in the firing.
eman en route mumbais saifee hospital from the airport (express photo by amit chakravarty) eman en route mumbais saifee hospital from the airport (express photo by amit chakravarty)eman ahmed, believed to be the worlds heaviest woman weighing almost 500 kgs, landed in mumbai saturday for her weight-reduction surgery at the saifee hospital.
heres all you need to know about the case: eman was transported from her home in alexandria to mumbai on an egypt air cargo plane.
a specially crafted bed was used to make her seven-hour flight more comfortable.
as a precautionary measure, the flight had been furnished with all the equipment needed in case of an emergency such as portable ventilator, portable defibrillator, oxygen cylinders, intubating laryngoscopes and other safety drugs.
this is emans first trip out of her home in last 25 years.
she was accompanied sister shaimaa ahmed.
watch video| worlds heaviest woman eman ahmed expresses desire to meet salman khan at the mumbai airport, eman was lifted by a crane from the egypt air plane and placed in a special mini truck procured by saifee hospital, which has constructed a special room with broad doorway and special intensive care unit to house eman.
the truck was followed by an ambulance and a police escort till the hospital.
currently eman cannot move or walk due to paralysis in right leg and right arm.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) currently eman cannot move or walk due to paralysis in right leg and right arm.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) the bed-bound woman will be treated by mumbai-based bariatric surgeon muffazal lakdawala at the citys saifee hospital.
top officials including egyptian consulate general ahmed khalil were present at the spot until eman was safely admitted in the hospital.
according to the bbc, lakdawala has also performed weight reduction surgeries on union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and venkaiah naidu.
watch | worlds heaviest woman eman ahmed has already lost 30 kg in 5 days currently eman cannot move or walk due to paralysis in right leg and right arm.
she reportedly weighed 5 kg at birth and was diagnosed with elephantiasis, a condition in which a limb or other body parts swell due to a parasitic infection.
in an interview to bbc, dr lakdawala said, they said when she was 11, she had gained immense weight because of which she could not stand up and would crawl.
and then she suffered a stroke which left her bedridden and she has not been able to leave home since then.
at the mumbai airport, eman was lifted by a crane from egypt air plane and placed in a special mini truck.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) at the mumbai airport, eman was lifted by a crane from egypt air plane and placed in a special mini truck.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) extensive treatment is slated to continue for next six months including several surgeries.
the hospital will be treating eman for free for both the treatment and surgeries.
on december 5, 2016, dr muffazal lakdawala had tweeted to external affairs minister sushma swaraj seeking help in procuring medical visa for eman.
the foreign minister responded assuring help in the matter.
the current guinness record for being the worlds heaviest woman belongs to pauline potter of the united states who weighed 292 kg in 2010.
if reports about emans weight are true, she would break that record.
i have promised nitish kumar he will be consulted before a decision is taken.
i have discussed at length the modi issue with nitish.
he said that as far as he was concerned,there was no problem with nitish or modi being projected as the face of nda in the 2014 elections.
modi is one of the six pm candidates of bjp along with advani,rajnath singh,sushma swaraj,arun jaitley and m m joshi.
no decision has been taken yet, he said.
the bjp chief also refuted reports that after gujarat assembly elections this year-end,modi will be projected as chairman of national campaign committee of nda.
asked if nitishs choice for pm is advani,he said,i dont know what is on nitishs mind regarding advani.
he has not mentioned any name to me.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari will this evening inaugurate a two-day long state executive meeting of the maharashtra unit of bjp in pimpri chinchwad area near here.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, partys state unit chief raosaheb danve, ministers, mlas, mps and officer bearers from across the state will attend the meet, party sources said.
they said gadkari will inaugurate the meeting at the ramkrishna more auditorium at 4 pm.
according to sources, the meeting will deliberate on issues like farm loan waiver, bjps performance in the recently concluded civic and local body elections.
congresss mumbai unit chief sanjay nirupam.
congresss mumbai unit chief sanjay nirupam.
congresss mumbai unit chief sanjay nirupam has filed a petition in the bombay high court, alleging major irregularities in the allotment of 600 acres of land to patanjali for setting up a food park in multi-modal international hub airport at nagpur (mihan), nagpur.
the petition has been filed against the union government, the state government, and ramdevs patanjali group.
nirupam has alleged that the state favoured patanjali and flouted all tender and legal norms to allot the plot to ramdev at the instance of union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
the petition seeks an inquiry into the allotment, and wants the court to restrain patanjali ayurveda from using the land until a final order.
the petition alleges that the plot is part of a reserved forest area meant to be used only for ecological development.
but, claims the plea, the state not only allotted it to ramdev for a commercial food park, but made the allotment at a huge concession.
the concession was made at the instance of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, also the guardian minister of nagpur, states the plea.
nirupam has claimed that he is in possession of documents to show that as per the states own admission, the base price of the land parcel was at least rs 36 lakh per acre,and that the land parcel was worth about rs 5,000 crore.
an mou was signed between patanjali and maharashtra after a tender process in august last year.
nirupam has claimed in the petition that the price quotes for the bids were changed by the state without any explanation and that when one of the officers in the administration raised an objection to this, he was immediately transferred out.
he said that though the state recently justified the allotment of forest land for a food park by saying that ramdev would use much of it for farming purposes, there was no denying that the government had flouted norms.
republic day 2018: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and congress president rahul gandhi along with others at the rashtrapati bhavan on january 26, 2018.
(express photo by renuka puri) republic day 2018: delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and congress president rahul gandhi along with others at the rashtrapati bhavan on january 26, 2018.
(express photo by renuka puri)congress president rahul gandhis designated seat for the republic day parade in the sixth row has prompted an angry reaction from his party that accused the government of setting aside tradition and indulging in cheap politics.
rahul was seated near leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad.
congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala said the modi governments cheap politics was in display when it broke tradition and denied rahul a front-row seat.
congress sources said the party presidents had always been seated in the front row at the republic day parade.
also read | congress still believes in aristocracy, not in democracy: bjp on rahul gandhis sixth row seat at r-day paradethe modi governments cheap politics is for all to see.
the congress president was deliberately made to sit in the sixth row, after initially assigning him a fourth-row seat, at the republic day celebrations by the arrogant rulers, who set aside all past traditions.
for us the celebration of the constitution is foremost, surjewala tweeted in hindi.
bjp national spokesman anil baluni countered the congress in a statement.
the controversy raised by congress about the seating arrangements for rahul gandhi during 2018 republic day function is baseless and condemnable, he said.
bjp did not make an issue of the seating arrangements made for bjp president nitingadkari gadkari and rajnath singh during upa regime in 2013 and 2014.
both did not even get a place in the vip enclosure and were made to sit with bureaucrats, baluni said.
congress leaders had on thursday alleged that assigning a seat in the fourth row to the congress chief was an attempt to humiliate him at a public event.
as the upa government battles a series of scams,the bjp national executive beginning here on saturday is expected to further sharpen its offensive against the ruling alliance at the centre on the issue of corruption.
this is the first meeting of the national executive of the party after the 2g spectrum allocation controversy exploded into a major scam that saw an escalating stand-off between the government and the opposition over the issue of jpc probe into it.
bjp sees the situation as an opportunity after two successive stints in the opposition.
buoyed by the recent revelations on the bofors pay-offs case by the income tax appellate tribunal,bjp will prepare a strategy for taking on the government on the corruption cases that have come to light in 2010.
bjp also plans to hold more rallies against corruption across the country to keep the issue alive till the budget session of parliament.
bjp has now upped the ante by attacking prime minister manmohan singh for his alleged failure to check corruption in government and had made a big issue out of the supreme courts observation as to why he did not take action for long in the 2-g spectrum allocation issue.
this is the first national executive of bjp after senior leader jaswant singh was given the responsibility of winning over more allies and improving relations with the four parties already in the nda-fold.
the party is eyeing allies like aiadmk in tamil nadu,agp in assam,inld in haryana,tdp and trs in andhra pradesh which had been a part of nda in the past.
incidentally,jaswant singh has a good rapport with leaders like jayalalithaa and n chandrababu naidu.
the impressive victory of bjp and jd(u) in bihar assembly polls has come as a shot in the arm for bjp which plans to strengthen nda in case a snap lok sabha poll is announced.
bjp president nitingadkari gadkari,who has completed one year at the party helm,is expected to utilise the opportunity to devise the strategy ahead in consultation with leaders of the opposition sushma swaraj in lok sabha and arun jaitley in rajya sabha,under the guidance of senior leader l k advani.
the national executive meeting is significant as assembly elections in assam,west bengal,tamil nadu,kerala and pudducherry are not far away.
in assam,bjp is banking big on the issue of illegal immigration for a giving a tough fight to ruling congress seeking its third consecutive stint in power.
the issue of illegal immigration from bangladesh,which allegedly threatens to change the demographic profile of assam,will dominate the national executive along with the issue of corruption cases facing congress-led upa government.
resolutions on the two issues will be passed during the two-day meeting.
the party may also take a call on how to tackle the embarrassment over continuance of karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa who faces graft and nepotism charges in land allotments to his kin.
now that the local bodies elections in the state are over,the party may mull over the leadership issue in karnataka.
gadkari also plans to take up organisational issues with state unit presidents of the party.
this includes membership drive,fund collection and programmes aimed at reaching out to the people on the issues of corruption and price rise.
the poll-bound states are likely to receive more attention during the conclave though bjp does not have much at stake there with the exception of assam.
to stop indias river water share from flowing to pakistan, the punjab government wednesday demanded for releasing of rs 412 crore from the center to construct a dam at makaura pattan, the confluence of the ravi and ujh rivers, and pressed upon the center to accord it status of a national project.
advertisingduring a meeting with union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari, punjab minister for rural development and panchayats tripat rajinder singh bajwa and water resources minister sukhbinder singh sarkaria told him that with the construction of this dam about 600 cusecs of river water flowing to pakistan could be stopped and the state would be able to use this water for irrigation purposes.
they said that a 7-km long channel would be constructed to carry through this water to put it put in kalanaur-ramdas canal system to further utilize to irrigate 1 lakh acre of land already devoid of irrigation facilities.
moreover, with this project the state government would also be able to utilize this water to provide clean drinking water to 100 villages and 6 townships of this border area, a statement said.
both the ministers also appealed to the union minister to approve it as a national project and release the required funds so as to complete this project in a short span.
both cabinet ministers also asked union minister to decide upon the center-state funding pattern for already approved project of strengthening and up-gradation of upper bari doab canal (ubbd).
at present only 2.
76 lakh hectare out of total area of 5.
13 lakh hectare was being irrigated, but with the completion of this project the remaining area would also be covered under canal irrigation system.
prime minister narendra modi (source: pti photo) prime minister narendra modi (source: pti photo)raising the issue of triple talaq at the bjp national executive meet, prime minister narendra modi on sunday said that justice should be done to muslim women, according to union road and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari.
modi also said that if there are social evils, the society should be woken up and efforts made to provide justice to the victims.
he (modi) talked about social justice.
he said our muslim sisters should also get justice.
injustice should not be done with them.
nobody should be exploited.
we do not want that there is conflict within the muslim community over this issue.
what we have to do is that if there are any social evils, we have to wake up the society and make efforts to provide justice to them (muslim women).
tearing into the opposition for accusing bjp of tampering with the electronic voting machine (evm) in recent polls, modi said they are trying to churn up rows particularly ahead of the mcd polls.
opposition is concoction new issues in a factory of some kind.
during delhi elections, church attacks were the highlights and during the bihar polls award wapasi was the issue.
and right now it is the evm, the prime minister said during the meeting.
modi also called on the bjp leaders to maintain caution while making statements and not get carried away with emotions and make untoward remarks.
if there are any complaints, then the matter should be passed on to the party leaders who will convey it to me, he said.
the prime minister also called on the bjp to not get too excited over the recent state assembly elections victory and ensure they keep the momentum going.
the bjp will launch a special campaign for those 120 lok sabha seats which have been out of our reach, he added.
the prime minister also hailed the efforts of party president amit shah saying that he was the ideal model of an able strategist.
the bombay high court friday sought the response of the state government relating to a petition alleging major irregularities in allotment of 600 acres of land to patanjali for setting up a food park in multi-modal international cargo hub and airport at nagpur (mihan).
a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni was hearing a petition filed by mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam alleging that the maharashtra government favoured patanjali and flouted all tender and legal norms to allot the said land to ramdev at the instance of union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
the bench has directed the state government to file an affidavit in response to the petition within six weeks.
the court said the affidavit shall contain all papers and details pertaining to the land allotment.
we want to only know on what ground concession if any was given to the company and if land was given at a throwaway price, chief justice chellur said.
bjp president amit shah and congress president sonia gandi bjp president amit shah and congress president sonia gandibjp president amit shah likes to make the point that the bjp is the only political party with internal democracy.
after my term as president, does anyone know who will be next?
can this be said about any other party?
he asks.
shahs verbal barb is aimed not just at the congress, but at almost all political parties today.
the 132-year-old congress, which once had a proud tradition of representing views from far right to the extreme left, is now reduced to a one-family affair.
though a precise and pedantic narasimha rao once quibbled that the nehru-gandhi domination cannot be dubbed as dynastic rule since you have an agnate then a cognate and then an agnate.
sophistry aside, when its all in the family, it counts as dynastic rule, even if congresspersons keep protesting that the family is democratically elected by the party and the people.
today congresspersons may grumble privately that rahul gandhi does not have it in him to be party president, but, ironically, the only alternative solution they dare to voice is priyanka gandhi vadra.
over the years, the sting has been taken out of the charge of dynastic politics with many former critics aping the congress.
lalu prasad is the president of the rjd and, in his absence, his kith and kin preside.
in the dmk, an ageing m karunanidhi has appointed m k stalin his heir.
mulayam singh yadav anointed his son akhilesh, even if he now has second thoughts.
other regional parties, including the shiv sena, ncp, tdp, trs and the ysr congress etc, are cut from the same dynastic cloth.
mayawati and mamata banerjee may be single, but even they trust completely only family members.
nitish kumar is the exception.
he has not promoted his engineer son, but there is no denying that he alone calls the shots in the jd(u).
does the bjp really differ from these family-run parties?
the answer is both yes and no.
instead of one family, it is the sangh parivar which has the final say.
shah is correct when he asserts that it is not known who the next bjp party president will be.
but that doesnt mean that the bjp is a shining example of inner-party democracy.
of all indian political parties, the communists may be a tad better than most, though elections are a farce.
the bjp, on paper, may go through the motions of a poll process but elections are a mere formality with a show of hands.
whether it is the parliamentary board, the national executive, the newly formed margdarshak mandal (has it even met?
), the national council and the state councils, the members are selected by a handful of top leaders in consultation with the rss pointperson in the bjp.
the local units have little say.
amit shahs name was announced as party president three years ago in july, well before the actual forum for the election, the national council, gave its stamp of approval.
so who actually chose shah for the post?
prime minister narendra modi, impressed by the organisational skills of his fellow gujarati that won him the 2014 parliamentary elections.
similarly, in the selection of past bjp presidents, the national council was simply the rubber stamp which ratified the choice.
only the selection process may have differed.
then it was a delicate balancing act between the wishes of the rss and seniority which decided the names.
l k advani ended up a three-time president because of his seniority and survival instincts.
after the bjps 2009 defeat, nitingadkari gadkari was anointed largely by the rss, which wanted the nagpur boy.
the bjp, nonetheless, claims a greater democratic spirit than other parties since at party forums, even if nominated, in the past, there was a good deal of give-and-take before arriving at decisions.
shah was under 50 when he assumed office as party boss, but he is nevertheless the most powerful president ever.
even advani, in his heyday, did not command such clout.
shahs control of the party is so complete that there is much less inclination to accommodate the wishes of other senior leaders.
at the three-year modi government anniversary meet with cabinet ministers and the press this may, it was clear that shah was the first among unequals.
(only prime minister modi is above him.
) the mutual accommodation seen earlier has given way to a sole arbiter whose writ runs practically unchallenged in the party.
as long as he is successful, the present autocratic rule will continue.
if shah fails at the hustings, then presumably a greater degree of democracy will creep back into the party.
stepping up his attack on rahul gandhi, bjp president amit shah tuesday likened wayanad, the second seat from where the congress president is contesting, to pakistan, saying when a procession is taken out, you cannot make out whether it is india or a pakistan procession.
advertisingthis was an apparent reference to the large number of indian union muslim league flags seen in gandhis procession when he filed his nomination papers from wayanad on april 4.
click here for more election newsaddressing a rally in nagpur, from where union minister nitingadkari gadkari is seeking re-election, shah said: aur yeh rahul baba apne gathbandhan ke liye, keral ke andar aisi seat par jaakar khade juloos nikalta hai toh bharat hai ya pakistan ka juloos hai.
maloom hi nahin padta, aisi jagah jaake khade hain.
(and this rahul baba, for the sake of his alliance, has gone to such a seat in kerala where when a procession is taken out, you cannot make out whether it is india or a pakistan procession.
you cannot make out, to such a seat he has gone).
b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
in an interview to pti, the former bjp president said the government was focused on sabka saath, sabka vikas (together with all, development for all) and its policies have not discriminated against religious minorities.
any saffron-clad person on television is immediately related to us (bjp) whereas the fact is that we dont have any relation with that person, he said.
we dont support such people.
this is not our agenda.
those who are doing this are not our people.
those who did it are wrong.
we are not with them.
prime minister had condemned (them)we all have condemned (such violence).
why then are they being hoisted as our name, he said.
stating that it was not fair to link such groups with the bjp, he alleged that the move was part of a left campaign to malign the party and project it as anti-minority and anti-dalit.
certain sections of gau rakshaks (cow protectors) have reportedly stopped vehicles, beaten people, extorted money and in some cases stolen animals  all in the name of protecting cows.
this has inflamed tensions, undermining prime minister narendra modis efforts to focus on economic advancement.
some foreign commentators have linked the rise in cow-related violence, alcohol bans and anti-romeo police squads supposedly aimed at protecting a womans honour as signs of rising political risk in asias third-largest economy.
it a matter of belief, he said, adding that he himself uses gomutra ark or cow urine for therapeutic purposes.
he said such incidents of violence had happened in the past as well during samajwadi party and congress rules.
our government has not discriminated against any caste, creed or religion in the last three years, he said.
our fight is against poverty, hunger and disease.
poor is poor and cannot be discriminated against on caste, creed, religion and language.
we have not lent our shoulders to anyone for use against minorities, he said.
indians, he said, are genetically tolerant as was reflected in 4,000 year history when not a single mosque was demolished.
we do not discriminate.
b'dubbing the 2-g spectrum issue as the mother of all scams,bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today warned that the governments stubborn and confrontationist approach to the legitimate demand for a jpc probe will cost it dearly.
if the prime minister is so very confident that he is not guilty,why should he be so stubborn in opposing the legitimate demand of jpc?
this stubborness is reminiscent of the pre-emergency days.
alleging that the huge loss to the exchequer due to this mother of all scams is almost equal to the budget outlay of some states,he warned the government that such a stubborn and confrontationist approach will cost the upa extremely dear.
it is the stubbornness that is to blame for the logjam in parliament.
taking a dig at congress president sonia gandhi,he said,sermons,declaration of multi-point programmes and empty appeals to political functionaries who are your own appointees will make no impact.
his reference was obviously to the five-point plan of action against corruption announced by gandhi at the recent congress plenary in delhi.
seeking to make corruption as the biggest issue,he described the upa-ii government as a kingdom of corruption.
the rule of law is unambiguous.
with prima facie evidence in hand,the law enforcing agencies must file an fir.
they have to arrest and interrogate the suspect,collect evidence and file charge sheet within a stipulated time frame.
nobody knows why this has not happened, gadkari wondered.
the bjp president charged that the 20-month old rule of upa-ii has allowed every arena of governance to be exploited by scamsters.
taking a dig at the prime minister,he said,while looters were emptying the government coffers,manmohan singh was standing guard with his eyes closed and perhaps,hands tied.
these scams are some kind of a planned loot of national coffers.
incidentally,gadkari did not say anything on allegations of corruption levelled against the bjp government in karnataka,whose chief minister b s yeddyurappa was present on the occasion.
gadkaris comments clearly indicate that the bjp might intensify its demand for a jpc probe after telecom minister kapil sibal sought to dismiss as utterly erroneous the cag report,which spoke of a presumptive loss of rs 1.
76 lakh crore to the government due to allocation of the radiowaves.
bjp spokesperson ravi shankar prasad reacted sharply to the telecom ministers statements,saying,sibals unwarranted comments have sought to over-reach parliamentary process when the pac is looking into it.
he told reporters that it is a frontal attack on cag,designed to save (former telecom minister) a raja.
prasad replied in the negative to questions on whether gadkari referred in his address to actions of yeddyurappa,which the bjp chief had only recently dubbed as immoral but not illegal.
the karnataka chief minister,who is attending the conclave,has been accused by the opposition of making out of turn land allotments to his sons.
interestingly,there was no reference to the rashtriya ekta yatra from kolkata to srinagar by the partys youth wing,which plans to hoist the national flag at lal chowk on republic day.
it has created controversy with even nda convenor sharad yadav speaking against the idea.
we have already welcomed the judgement and do hope that all sections of the society will now help make a grand ram mandir at ayodhya possible.
replying to questions,prasad denied suggestions that ayodhya will be an issue in the coming assembly elections in assam,which has a sizable minority population.
we do not relate the ram temple issue with elections, he said,when asked whether the bjp planned to give a walkover to the congress in assam by raising the temple issue.
b'nitin gadhkari told workers that the party has a collective goal which requires efforts from each ordinary party worker.
(source: pti) nitingadkari gadhkari told workers that the party has a collective goal which requires efforts from each ordinary party worker.
addressing the concluding session of the two-day meeting of bjps maharashtra state executive here, gadkari appealed to the party workers to devote themselves to organisational work and the national cause.
those who crave for position of power are driven by insatiable ambition and they remain unhappy.
ministership and the pomp and power that come with it do not last long.
senior party functionaries should demonstrate ethical behaviour to set an example for new workers, he said.
watch video: whats making newsthose seated on the dais as gadkari spoke included former state revenue minister eknath khadse, who recently resigned in the wake of allegations of wrongdoings, and state bjp president raosaheb danve.
we all have weaknesses.
id weakness for food.
doctors performed the bariatric surgery (aimed at weight loss to curb obesity) on me and structurally limited my food intake which is good for health.
everybody should choose his own doctor to ensure good health by curbing the cravings, he added.
i was the president and i know this.
this party is not run by the dictates of any one individual  be it atal bihari vajpayee, l k advani, myself, amit shah, or narendra modi.
it has a different character and the party belongs to its workers who are the real source of its strength, he said.
without taking name of any party, he said the bjp is not a dynastic party where the power is in the hands of family members.
this party does not belong to any individual and has a collective goal that each ordinary party worker tries to achieve as a mission, he said.
party workers should keep their interests at bay and work for the party and common people.
he also appealed to the party leadership in the state to nurture the common party worker who is an inseparable part of the party.
i joined bjp in 1980.
the congress leader and then minister for state for home, shrikant jichkar had told me that bjp had no future and offered me to join congress.
during his speech, fadnavis once again exhorted the bjp workers to gear up for upcoming elections to various civic bodies.
he asked the district bjp presidents to spend maximum time in their own region instead of mumbai.
danve appealed to the party workers to form small groups for reaching out to the people.
in his press conference after the meet, bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari informed about the political resolutions passed during the two-day meeting.
in a resolution, shiv sena was congratulated for completing 50 years while the bjp governments in centre and at state were congratulated for their remarkable work in last two years, he said.
bhandari said during the meet party workers demanded the state government bring out a white paper on the land and other frauds taken place during the 15-year rule of the congress-ncp coalition government.
haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar has requested union minister nitingadkari gadkari for construction of an interchange facility at eastern peripheral expressway (epe) for the palwal-aligarh road.
in a demi-official letter to the union minister of road transport highways and shipping today, the chief minister also thanked him for having taken keen interest in four laning and six laning of roads in the state, an official release said.
khattar, in his letter, mentioned that the palwal-aligarh road connects haryana and uttar pradesh.
it crosses eastern peripheral expressway (epe) at around after 126.
137 km where only a 30 metres underpass has been provided and that too without an interchange facility, the release said.
given the importance of this inter-state road, it would be appropriate to provide an interchange facility with the epe, the chief minister said.
he also requested gadkari to issue necessary directions to the national highways authority of india (nhai) in this regard.
in the letter, khattar also requested the union minister to issue necessary directions either to make funds available to the haryana public works (building and roads) department for one time improvement of internal national highways or take up the improvements as per the estimates forwarded by the department to the nhai.
b'arun jaitley arun jaitleyin the event, the union finance minister did not tax our purses  or our patience  unduly.
if at all, arun jaitley found it more taxing to stand and deliver the budget speech: twenty-five minutes into it, he sat down to rise only minutes before its completion.
by then, having shed the burden of the budget papers, he felt so light on his feet, he was ready to take wing: when my aim is right, when my goal is in sight, my winds favour me and i fly.
watch video | tmc mps protesting against political vendetta of modi govtannually, this is the fms finest hour in parliament and on tv, what with the doordarshan interview soon after the budget presentation followed by his press conference.
it is not, however, the finest tv spectacle  for the average viewer, at least.
that isnt his fault or anybodys fault.
the fault, if there is one, my countrymen, lies in the nature of the speech: weighed down by so many thousands of crores of rupees  even jaitley had difficulty wrapping his tongue around all that cash, fumbling here and there  it lasts for more than 100 minutes by which time you are left with rupee signs for eyeballs and fewer notes in your pocket, besides being thoroughly confused by the plethora of data.
that the speech was shorter this year, despite incorporating the railways budget which until now had a speech of its very own, is a compliment to the fm.
yesterday, the fm cut taxes and the length of his speech; the economy or words, delivered in straight businessman-like fashion without too many rhetorical flourishes or asides  only twice did he permit himself poetic license  by and large made sense to even those who think capital expenditure refers to the cost of living in new delhi.
as expected there were tectonic epoch-making references to gst, demonetisation, and any number or record outlays for different schemes  digital was a favourite word.
the father of the nation, mahatma gandhi found favour too, invoked several times by jaitley who even quoted him: a right cause never fails.
narendra modi was of course repeatedly cited and so was swami vivekananda (once).
no one was more pleased by the budget than the prime minister.
indeed, it is unusual to see him looking so pleased in parliament.
the camera would regularly pan to find him thumping the desk, loudly.
he was all smiles often, and the most enthusiastic thumper on the treasury benches, although the mp who vigorously applauded the fms reference to chandigarh being kerosene-free deserves special mention.
the bjp mps most responsive moment?
the collective oooh that went up when jaitley announced income tax benefits.
it may not be an exaggeration to say that the immediate reactions to the budget from economists in tv news studios, as soon as jaitley had concluded, were more appreciative than what we heard in parliament.
lok sabha tv, occasionally, shifted across the aisle where it found mallikarjun kharge practising a glare, and rahul gandhi either in animated conversation with jyotiraditya scindia or in sullen silence.
the camera did not alight upon sonia gandhi, mulayam singh yadav or trinamool congress mps for a simple reason: they were not in the house.
the tmc had boycotted the proceedings.
its difficult, almost impossible, to remain riveted by the budget speech for so long, no matter how much you may like mr jaitleys delivery.
so the attention wanders along with the eyes, strolling here and there to admire the scenery which consisted of benches and bench-sitters.
not a very pretty sight.
mostly, our mps wear their customary uniform: white kurta-pyjama.
the pm, always a smart dresser, brightened proceedings, resplendent in off-white silk kurta and a raw silk waistcoat; murli manohar joshi shone in yellow, while the gentleman behind the fm decided to distinguish the occasion in a blue-stripe kurta, a blue and white floral scarf and spectacles.
how can you concentrate on the evils of black money with such distractions?
the prize for the best dressed mp goes to union minister nitingadkari gadkari, very colourful in his tweed coat and purple (?
) polo neck.
on budget day, the only figures worth looking at in parliament are the ones in the speech, so lets get back to business.
watch what else is making news:we are the fastest growing economy, but china is ahead of us in size.
their advantage as also disadvantage is that they are a communist country and they do not have a democracy, he said on whether india has missed an opportunity with china trying to present itself as the new champion of globalisation in davos at wef.
in our country, we have democracy and the good thing is that the narendra modi-led government is investment friendly and development oriented.
also, it is committed to fast-track decision making process and to make it a corruption free country, he told pti in an interview.
still, the pace of decision making is faster in china than us, the minister said, adding that therefore, it happens at times that there is an opportunity but someone else takes it away.
so what we need to do is to work at chinas pace in terms of our policies, our administration and at state levels.
we need to implement all the necessary changes in the decision making process because we want to be the world leader and a global economic superpower, he said.
at a time when there are fears that the us would increasingly look inward under its new president donald trump, thus posing risk to the globalisation process, chinese president xi jinping, in an address at wef earlier this week, sought to position his country as the new champion of globalisation.
it is natural for anyone to aspire but we should also look at moving ahead in the competition by thinking about the weaknesses and addressing them.
we need to convert our problems into opportunities.
if we keep moving ahead and further fast-track the decision making process, we can certainly move ahead and the world is also looking at us with huge expectations, he added.
b'congress president sonia gandhi (source: pti) congress president sonia gandhi (source: pti)union minister nitingadkari gadkari and congress president sonia gandhi are scheduled to visit srinagar on sunday to offer condolences to the family of late chief minister of jammu and kashmir mufti muhammad sayeed.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) said gadkari will call on mehbooba mufti at the late chief ministers fairview residence on gupkar road on sunday.
gadkariji will also meet state party leaders to discuss the formation of a new government in the state, bjp state spokesperson khalid jahangir told ians.
a statement issued by the congress party said sonia gandhi will visit srinagar in the afternoon to offer her condolences to mehbooba mufti.
sonia gandhi will fly back to new delhi today (sunday) itself.
she will visit gupkar road residence of the late chief minister in the afternoon to offer condolences to mehbooba mufti, a congress party functionary said.
the fourth day congregational prayers of mufti muhammad sayeed will be offered on sunday.
the first congregational prayer meeting will be held at 11 am at the grave of the deceased in dara shikoh park in bijbehara town of anantnag district.
at 1:30 pm another congregational prayer meeting will be held at the gupkar road residence of the muftis in srinagar.
after battling for his life for 14 days, sayeed passed away at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi on january 7.
following refusal of mehbooba mufti to be sworn in as the new chief minister of jammu and kashmir, governors rule was imposed in the state.
after reaching concurrence from the president of india, governor nn vohra issued a notification today to impose governors rule in the state, a raj bhavan spokesman said on saturday.
governors rule has been imposed retrospectively with effect from january 8.
last time the state was brought under the governors rule was on december 23, 2014, after the state assembly election results threw up a hung verdict.
b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari union minister nitingadkari gadkariprime minister narendra modis famous slogan of acche din had originally been coined by his predecessor manmohan singh but has now become the millstone around the nda governments neck, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said tuesday.
acche din maanne se hota hai (good days depends on ones belief).
it was at an nri meet in delhi that manmohan singh had said that acche din ayenge (good days will come).
when asked when acche din will come, singh had replied, in the future.
modi had extensively used the acche din slogan during the last lok sabha elections.
achhe din kabhi nahi aate.
achhe din ke naare gale mein fasi haddi hain (good days never come.
responding to a query by former mp vijay darda, the minister quipped, we just used the words achhe din and it should not be taken in the literal sense.
it should be interpreted as progress is being made.
therefore, no one ever feels that good days have arrived.
b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari,who is on a five-day visit to china,today condemned the centres attempt to stop his partys ekta yatra as repressive and warned that such an approach would lead to increase in terrorism in jammu and kashmir.
under the upa regime,secessionists are enjoying royal treatment while nationalist and integrationists are being assailed simply because they have plans to unfurl the national flag at the lal chowk in srinagar, he said.
gadkari,who is visiting guangzhou today,also spoke by phone to bharatiya janata yuva morcha (bjym) chief anurag thakur who is leading the yatra,and enquired about the obstacles being raised by the centre and state government in the onward march to jammu and kashmir.
gadkari warned that the repressive step to stop his partys yatra would lead to increase in terrorism in jammu and kashmir.
the government has always played to the gallery on this issue and if this trend continues; terrorism may raise its ugly head once again, he said.
gadkari had flagged off the yatra from kolkata on january 12,which is now about to enter jammu on way to srinagar.
the government has stepped up security with the bjp not showing any sign of going back on its plan to hoist the national flag at lal chowk on wednesday.
nearly 5,000 security personnel have been deployed at the border of jammu and kashmir and punjab,which has been sealed,to prevent activists of the partys youth wing from entering the state.
the bjp chief said his party had always taken a non-confrontationist approach on the issue of integration of jammu and kashmir.
bjp will not compromise at all and this tiranga yatra was aimed at just that, gadkari underlined.
gadkari,who visited shanghai yesterday,is accompanied by party leaders,thawarchand gehlot,vijay goel,saudan singh,arti mehra,laxman kova and political associate vinay sahastrabuddhe on his china trip.
b'alleging a scam to the tune of rs 3,000 crore in developmental works carried out in the north-east,bjp today appealed to president pratibha patil to direct the authorities to carry out a detailed investigation into the loot.
bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today led a delegation to rashtrapati bhawan to hand over to patil a memorandum on the issue as also a copy of partys report on scams in the north east.
the report claimed that if the level of corruption in the region was quantified,it could be to the tune of rs 63,000 crore.
various scams in assam,according to the report,have been quantified to the tune of rs 20,000 crore.
the report of the bjp team was based on evidence collected using the right to information,he said.
bjp has demanded setting up of special courts to deal with the issue of corruption in the region to ensure speedy disposal of cases.
the party also demanded a coordinated investigation by various investigation agencies,including the nia and cbi.
as the constitutional head,i would urge you to ask the concerned authorities to have a detailed investigation such scandalous administration affects peoples faith in the democracy, the memorandum read.
the bjp leader alleged that when congress leaders from the region realised that their counterparts in delhi were indulging in loot,they decided not to lag behind.
the punjab unit of the bjp is set to put up a united face for the jan chetna yatra of senior party leader and former deputy prime minister l k advani,which will enter punjab on a three-day tour on november 13,despite divisions in the party over tickets for the 2012 assembly elections.
advanis yatra will enter punjab from dabwali on november 13,where he will be received by senior leaders,including leader of the bjp legislative party and local bodies and industry minister tikshan sud,state president ashwani sharma and former industry minister manoranjan kalia.
the party will put a show of strength the next day in ludhiana where advani will address a rally.
here,chief minister parkash singh badal will also share the stage.
on november 15,a rally will be held in amritsar to be attended by arun jaitley and navjot sidhu.
on the last day,a rally will be held in pathankot,where jatiely and vinod khanna will participate along with other state leaders.
from pathankot,advani he will fly to mandi in himachal pradesh and then to jammu.
the same evening,he will fly to chandigarh.
infighting in the state unit for tickets for the assembly polls is at its peak.
otherwise,action will be taken.
the party will contest all the 23 assembly seats.
advani will hold a rally amritsar,where a tussle is on for the partys candidate for the amritsar (central) seat.
as sitting mla laxmi kanta chawla has declared that she will not fight the elections,the race is on for the seat between shwet malik,present mayor of the holy city,tarun chug and dr baldev raj chawla,chairman of the punjab sewerage board.
meanwhile,former transport minister master mohan lal  who was dropped from the cabinet  had been alleging that as state bjp president ashwani sharma wanted to contest from his constituency (pathankot),he was dropped.
advanis last rally is in pathankot.
b'an mou was signed by union minister nitingadkari gadkari and kim young suk, minister of ocean and fisheries, korea, on wednesday in mumbai.
amit chakravarty an mou was signed by union minister nitingadkari gadkari and kim young suk, minister of ocean and fisheries, korea, on wednesday in mumbai.
amit chakravartyclose on the heels of the grand make in india event when several states signed multi-crore investment deals, the union government expects another summit  the first national maritime summit to yield investment agreements worth rs 82,000 crore.
prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate the maritime india summit to be held at the bombay convention and exhibition centre in goregaon from april 14 to 16.
union minister for surface transport and shipping nitingadkari gadkari said, port-led development is high on priority of the government.
it has the potential of creating one crore jobs, 40 lakh directly and 60 lakh indirectly in the next five years.
the summit will open a new era of international cooperation in the maritime sector.
the summit will host 72 speakers addressing thematic sessions and over 3,000 delegates, including 300 international delegates.
union ministers rajnath singh, manohar parrikar, narendra singh tomar, sushma swaraj and ministers of state nirmala seetharaman, piyush goyal, rajiv pratap rudy, and dharmendra pradhan are also expected to attend the seminar among other leaders.
chief ministers of states  maharashtra, andhra pradesh, gujarat and goa will also participate in the summit.
over 120 business and concession agreements, worth over rs 82,000 crore, have been planned to be signed at the summit, which is being organised with south korea as the partner country.
the union government is also likely to sign a memorandum of understanding with south korea for port development and operations.
besides, 20 letters of intent for investments worth rs 8,260 crore will also be exchanged, as per a statement from the government.
the summit will feature 13 thematic sessions on topics such as the union governments sagarmala project for port-led development, ship building, ship repair and ship breaking, maritime education and training, inland water transportation, cruise shipping and lighthouse tourism, hinterland connectivity and so on.
b'naresh agarwal with pramod tiwari (congress) in parliament monday, hours before joining the bjp.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal) naresh agarwal with pramod tiwari (congress) in parliament monday, hours before joining the bjp.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal)in 2016, when a bitter feud was in progress in the samajwadi partys first family, with akhilesh yadav on one side and his uncle and then state party chief shivpal yadav on the other, party leader naresh agrawal was seen as being at the centre of efforts to bridge the chasm and reunite the family.
when akhilesh took charge of the sp as national president, agrawal sided with him and was rewarded with the post of party national general secretary.
on monday, when he joined the bjp, agrawal expressed his affection for sp leader mulayam singh yadav as well as his cousin ram gopal yadav, saying he could never leave them  besides praising prime minister narendra modi and up chief minister yogi adityanath.
over his political career of more than three decades, agrawal has had stints in the congress, sp and bsp, before joining the bjp.
he is currently an sp mp in rajya sabha.
while he has won elections under two different parties.
a seven-time mla from hardoi district in central up, agrawal quit the sp monday after the party chose to nominate jaya bachchan to the rs.
read | rajya sabha polls: naresh agarwal joining bjp spoils sp, bsps numbers game; heres howhardoi is also from where the bjp has picked another former sp leader ashok bajpai as the rs nominee.
agrawal was elected to the upper house in 2010 as the bsp nominee and was re-elected in 2012 as the sp candidate.
this was his second stint in the sp after leaving in 2008 to join the bsp.
then, mayawati had appointed him party national general secretary and even fielded him in the lok sabha election from farrukhabad 2009, which he lost.
piyush goyal welcomes agrawal to bjp.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal) piyush goyal welcomes agrawal to bjp.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal)when the bsp denied his son nitingadkari a ticket in the assembly elections, he returned to the sp in 2011.
agrawal was first elected mla in 1980 from the hardoi seat under the congress banner and again in 1989 as an independent.
soon after, he joined the congress again and won three successive assembly elections in in 1991, 1993 and 1996.
read | naresh agarwals naachney wali jibe at jaya bachchan upsets bjp: but its nothing new for himhe won the seat again in 2002 and 2007, this time with the sp.
in the 2012 assembly elections, agrawal passed on his legacy to his son nitingadkari , who was elected mla from the same seat and was even made a minister under former chief minister akhilesh yadav.
nitin is presently sp mla from hardoi even as agrawal monday announced his vote would favour the bjp in the rs elections.
the loss of nitins vote will hurt the sp, which has fielded one candidate and has promised support to the bsp.
agrawal was also part of the kalyan singh-led bjp government after forming the loktantrik congress and was minister in the bjp governments led by ram prakash gupta and rajnath singh.
he was also power and transport minister in the mulayam singh yadav government between 2003 and 2007.
agrawal, who made comments about dance karne wali monday, has often made controversial remarks and been outspoken in rajya sabha.
in december 2017, agarwal had raised a controversy when he said kulbhushan jadhav had been declared a terrorist by pakistan, and that the country would treat him like one.
he issued a clarification later.
in july last year, agarwal made controversial remarks  which were later expunged  about hindu gods, sparking a protest by the bjp in rajya sabha.
agarwal later apologised.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on thursday.
(source: pti) union minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on thursday.
(source: pti)the bjp led by union minister nitingadkari gadkari notched up a two-third majority in the 151-member nagpur municipal corporation elections by winning a massive 108 seats.
in doing so, the party vastly exceeded its own expectation of a conservative 80 seats triggered by a low voting percentage of 53.
with this, the bjp has held on to power in the second capital of the state for the third consecutive term.
incidentally, the bjp had only 62 seats in the 145-member previous house and was leading a combination of parties to rule the nmc.
the congress came a cropper with just 29 seats, down from its previous tally of 41.
shockingly for the party, its former mayor and city unit chief vikas thakre lost to bjps dilip diwe by a huge margin of 2,200 votes.
diwe is the brother of sudhir diwe, managing director of the gadkari-pioneered purti group of companies.
there was virtually no place left for other players like the shiv sena and the ncp, which could win only two and one seat respectively.
they had six seats each last time.
another highlight of the nagpur polls was the defeat of all bjp rebels, including those with rss background like shripad risaldar, vishakha joshi and prasanna paturkar.
the bsp largely managed to salvage its earlier position of 12 seats by winning 10 this time.
the bjp had gone to voters with a non-communal developmental agenda.
while cm devendra fadnavis had concentrated mainly in mumbai, gadkari camped in the city unleashing a marathon series of public meetings and personally leading the whole campaign.
the congress, however, was a divided house with vikas thakre and his political guru former mp vilas muttemwar being openly challenged by party rivals satish chaturvedi and nitingadkari raut.
talking to mediapersons, gadkari described the bjps victory as unprecedented and historic.
a lot of people were unhappy by rejection in the ticket-distribution exercise.
that was a point of worry.
but eventually, all the partymen worked with a united heart to give their everything resulting in such an impressive tally.
seeking to mount pressure on the bjp central leadership,a group of party mlas loyal to former chief minister b s yeddyurappa today launched a signature campaign to press their demand for a suitable position for their leader.
an mla,leading the campaign coming in the backdrop of the party high command cold shouldering yeddyurappas demand,claimed about 25 legislators had already signed the memorandum.
the leader refusing to be identified said,mlas loyal to yeddyurappa would meet here on february 8 and later lead a delegation to bjp president nitingadkari gadkari to present their memorandum.
the yeddyurappa loyalists wanted the bjp leadership to convene a legislature party meet and seek the opinion of mlas on the issue of who should lead the party in the next year assembly elections.
yeddyurappa had set two deadlines so far to the party high command to concede his demand for a position,but the bjp had ignored them.
the saffron party high command,according to bjp sources,had told yeddyurappa that it would consider his demand after he comes clean in the corruption cases against him.
a day after the end of the budget session of the parliament, the road safety network has written to the union minister of road transport and highways, nitingadkari gadkari to issue an ordinance on road safety.
the national coalition of road safety organisations has demanded extraordinary measures ahead of dissolution of the lok sabha and the impending lapse of the motor vehicle amendment bill.
the road safety legislation is pending in parliament since 2017.
advertisingthe motor vehicles amendment bill, 2017 was introduced for consideration and passage in the rajya sabha in the winter session of 2017.
however, after the failure to get the bill passed and the country looking at imminent lapse of the bill, the network urged the government to take the extraordinary measure of issuing an ordinance.
ranjit gadgil, programme coordinator of city-based ngo parisar, in a statement issued friday, said: the transport minister had committed to bring a strong road safety law following the demise of gopinath munde in a road crash in 2014.
since his efforts in parliament to pass the motor vehicles amendment bill have not been successful, we urge the minister to issue an ordinance in the interim on this important issue.
india has the dubious distinction of being the number one in the world in road crash deaths.
every year, nearly 1.
5 lakh people are killed in road crashes and another 5 lakh are severely injured, many of them are disabled for life.
the motor vehicles amendment bill, 2017 was aimed at tackling this pandemic by strengthening the road safety policy framework in the country through introduction of various provisions related to road safety, such as stricter penalties for egregious violations and the ability to hold road contractors liable for defective designs and poor maintenance of roads.
india is a signatory to the brasilia declaration, where the country made a commitment to reduce road crash deaths by 50 per cent by 2020.
the deadline is fast approaching, and india is nowhere close to meeting the target.
in order to save lives, india must urgently update and modernise its road safety legislation.
an ordinance in the interim will be a strong step in that direction, gadgil said.
win or lossin almost every public meeting that he addresses,rahul gandhi says,i am not here to win the election.
many congressmen wonder what he means.
said a party leader,he may have wise advisers,but arent we fighting an election to win?
party men think that the remark sends out a negative message to the people that the congress is not confident of victory,and it also demoralises the cadres.
sources said this had been conveyed to senior party leaders.
now they are waiting for rahul gandhis next tour,hoping he will come up with a positive,inspiring remark.
choppy relationsthe samajwadi party had planned that its manifesto will be released by azam khan.
but the firm that was asked to arrange a helicopter to fly him from rampur replied that no helicopter was available.
with khan stuck in rampur,party president mulayam singh yadav released the manifesto.
sources said khan was annoyed that the party did not firm up his travel arrangements in advance.
he also suspects mischief by his bete noire amar singh.
apparently,it was the same firm which amar singh used to hire when he was party general secretary,and azam khan had reportedly advised against engaging it for the elections.
shy after bittenafter waiting for the bjp to announce his candidature,mayawatis former labour minister badshah singh has started campaigning in mahoba.
he had joined the party along with babu singh kushwaha.
in the face of protests,the bjp got rid of kushwaha,but badshah singh stayed.
last week,he organised a rally in kharela village.
party president nitingadkari gadkari was scheduled to address it and was also expected to announce his candidature.
but gadkari skipped the programme and,instead,sent mukhtar abbas naqvi and vinay katiyar.
they said nothing about badshah singhs candidature.
maybe,after the kushwaha blowback,the bjp is extra-cautious.
after all,badshah singh was indicted by the lokayukta for land grab,misuse of power and operating under two names.
kin is kinggopal narayan mishra,a relative of bsp general secretary satish chandra mishra,may be an mlc,but seems ignorant of some basic things about his party.
at an election meeting in sharifabad area of barabanki on sunday,mishra delivered a long speech,giving details of the 2g scam and other scandals.
after every few minutes,he would take a pause,and then address the audience as manyawar,before proceeding further.
one doesnt know if his speech impressed the gathering,but the old bsp hands were certainly not amused.
for,in the bsp, manyawar is reserved only for party founder  the late kanshiram.
far from rootsduring rahul gandhis visit to bundelkhand last week,aicc general secretary digvijaya singh was nowhere to be seen.
instead,another general secretary janardan dviwedi accompanied him.
maybe,rahul gandhi brought him along because dviwedi belongs to bundelkhand.
but very few people actually know this.
dviwedi is a native of lodhwara village in chitrakoot district,but has maintained little association with bundelkhand.
nor has he ever contested an election.
angel strokein the all india kd singh babu sub-junior (under-14) prize money hockey tournament,which will be held at dhyan chand stadium on kursi road from january 24 to february 2,bablu,a caterer has decided to award a hockey stick to each player of the match.
not that there were no sponsors; bablu decided to make his own contribution to encourage the young talent.
he had done this last year too.
the organisers said that the sticks he is offering are of reasonably good quality,each costing around rs 1,000.
in all,24 matches will be played.
bablu will also be preparing food for the players for which he charges a nominal amount.
some posters of bjp leaders, including chief minister raghubar das, were also torn.
(file) some posters of bjp leaders, including chief minister raghubar das, were also torn.
(file)unidentified persons, allegedly part of a protest by tribals against the amendments in the tenancy acts  chhotanagpur tenancy act and santhal paragana tenancy act  tore banners, posters outside the state bjp headquarters here on friday.
the protests were organised on the day of 117th birth anniversary of birsa munda, the tribal icon who led an uprising against the british.
a protest march against the amendments in cnt and spt acts, and some other issues, from dhurva to morhabadi maidan was called by newly formed forum called, birsa munda ulgulan manch (khunti).
as people proceeded through various routes in the city, a group passed by the state bjp headquarters in harmu.
they spotted the banners and posters  including one offering tributes to birsa munda and other tribal icons, who laid their lives to fight against british  and tore them off.
some posters of bjp leaders, including chief minister raghubar das, were also torn.
another group made a similar attempt to create ruckus at harmu maidan, where union minister nitingadkari gadkari had on thursday inaugurated the modi fest with bjp workers putting up stalls displaying bhim app and highlighting other programmes.
it is unfortunate that the posters of birsa munda were also torn on a day when we are celebrating his birth anniversary.
it is shameful, said a bjp spokesperson.
sp (city) aman kumar said: the posters and banners were torn at bjp office.
we are ascertaining as to where all such acts have been carried out.
they were not of serious nature, but we are trying to ascertain the identity of the people and will take action, as per law.
efforts to reach organisers of the protest did not yield result.
padmaavat is all set to release on january 25.
padmaavat is all set to release on january 25.
the supreme courts decision to stay the ban announced by four state government on screening the movie, padmaavat, is unprecedented and should be viewed as such by the film industry and cbfc.
moreover, the court has directed the state governments  rajasthan, madhya pradesh, gujarat and haryana  to ensure law and order.
what is equally important is that the makers of the movie, director sanjay leela bhansali, his producers as well as the 500-plus cast and crew who worked on the film, have stood up to the freedom of speech and bullies.
this needs to be loudly lauded because it comes from members of an industry that more often than not chooses to cower behind the flimsiest of reasons.
there have been several instances in the past where filmmakers have given in, sometimes to the central bureau of film certification (cbfc) and at other times to members of fringe groups and political parties looking to gain mileage from controversies that may surround a film.
a recent such instance in 2016 involved karan johars ae dil hai mushkil.
the films release was opposed by raj thackerays maharashtra navnirman sena (mns), which protested against the fact that the films cast included a pakistani actor, fawad khan.
this took place at a time when relations between the two neighbours had severely deteriorated.
but karan johar did not approach the countrys legal system and instead subscribed to the prevalent jingoistic sentiment of the time, by declaring his patriotism on his sleeves.
so one of the most powerful personalities of the film industry stooped to engage with political powers and a truce was famously arrived at between the two parties, after the bjp-led states chief minister, devendra fadnavis, played mediator.
mns even claimed that karan johar donated rs 5 lakh towards the army welfare fund as part of the truce.
also read | padmaavat to release across india as supreme court stays ban by four statesthe incident was one of great shame where a states chief minister had publicly endorsed a bully instead of assuring the makers and exhibitors that anyone breaking law in maharashtra will be punished.
what we saw in the padmaavat case is hardly different.
the four states that banned the film are all led by the ruling bjp.
the chief ministers of each state, instead of protecting the film, have allied with and endorsed the fringe hindutva group karni sena, and announced a ban.
this despite the fact that the supreme court, in an earlier case, had left the decision to ban or clear the film to the cbfc, which had certified it as u/a, with suggested changes.
the filmmakers have not only, at each step, complied with law and followed due process, they have also, reportedly, accepted the suggested changes by the cbfc.
among other things, they changed the films title from padmavati to padmaavat.
and throughout, they maintained a dignified silence, neither badmouthing the cbfc nor criticising public sentiment.
on the other hand, several bjp mps from across the country, including union minister nitingadkari gadkari, have supported the anti-padmaavat protesters who have, ever since the film was being shot, behaved in the most aggressive and violent ways.
prime minister narendra modi, who took time out to laud akshay kumars toilet: ek prem katha on social media, has also remained silent on the treatment of padmaavat.
it all started in january 2017 when the so-called karni sena vandalised the films sets in jaipur, also reportedly physically attacking the films director, sanjay leela bhansali.
the group was protesting against the supposed on-screen portrayal of the rajput queen padmavati.
the filmmaker opted for the safety of his crew and moved the shoot to kolhapur where the set again suffered at the hands of miscreants.
after several such roadblocks, the films release was announced for december 1 and the song ghoomar released as part of the promotions.
all hell broke loose soon after as massive protests against the film began across madhya pradesh, gujarat and rajasthan.
in jaipur, subsequently, a man was found dead, his body hanging from the nahargarh fort with a message that was vague but in context of the film.
also read | as sc lifts ban on padmaavat, heres a timeline of the hurdles it facedinterestingly, the protesters have not watched the film until today.
also, whether queen padmavati ever lived, or if she was a fictional character from malik muhammad jayasis acclaimed work padmavat, is highly debated.
when the events unfolded, the filmmakers must have wondered why they were being targeted, unsure what there was in the trailer for hindus not to like?
the director, in keeping with the bigotry of our times, had given the audience the allauddin khilji they wanta brutal, unkempt savage muslim leader who eats raw meat and perhaps lusts after another mans wife.
in contrast, the rajput king ratan singh and queen padmavati, in shahid kapoor and deepika padukone, come across as brave, beautiful, the kind who believe in everlasting love and who are willing to give up their lives fighting evil foreign forces that threaten to take over their land.
as several petitions to stay the films release landed in front of the supreme court in november, it placed the ball in cbfcs court, which cleared the film before the new year dawned, perhaps in hope of fresh beginnings.
the elections in gujarat were over and the bjp had managed to retained power.
the controversy can now be put behind, the i&b ministry, which oversees the cbfc, must have thought.
but the rut continued and the bjp-ruled states, chose their side, one that did not favour the law.
it is this stand that the films reticent team challenged in the sc yesterday.
some believe that team padmaavat should have approached the legal system before, when cbfc issued a statement claiming they suggested a mere five changes (rumours have it that 300 cuts were suggested).
but even now, the makers, in their first official communication to announce the new release date as january 25, have been evasive about the issues they faced, only saying that the film celebrates rajput valour.
after all, a film, which is the labour of many hands  at least 500-odd people in cases like padmaavatstands to lose a lot more if it ruffles feathers, given that there are several stakeholders involved, including exhibitors.
certainly, padmaavats makers have conducted themselves well, staying away from reactionary statements, but following the legal and due processes.
they have also fought a lonely battle because the film industry rarely unites over anything  members of the fraternity had a token protest and strike that did not draw any powerful names).
the only one instance in recent memory when some prominent industry names came together to protest against cbfcs stance was over the anurag kashyap-produced udta punjab.
eventually, the bombay high court allowed the film to release with a mere one cut.
for this long, patient battle, the supreme court has rewarded padmaavat with what is due to them, striking down the ban on the films screening so it can have a peaceful release on january 25.
the court has, in fact, placed the onus on the respective governments to ensure that fringe elements do not dictate terms in the running of the states.
the films makers stood up for their rights.
the countrys judicial system has yet again demonstrated that bullies have no place in a democracy.
new delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharaman after taking charge at her office in new delhi on thursday, becoming the first full-time woman defence minister of the country.
pti photo by shahbaz khan(pti9_7_2017_000095b) new delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharaman after taking charge at her office in new delhi on thursday, becoming the first full-time woman defence minister of the country.
pti photo by shahbaz khan(pti9_7_2017_000095b)it is generally assumed that prime minister narendra modi effected the changes in his ministerial team unilaterally.
after all, even senior ministers were in the dark about portfolio allocations until they were actually at rashtrapati bhavan for the swearing-in.
but this assumption is incorrect.
the pm met the big four of his cabinet  rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley and nitingadkari gadkari  separately and individually.
he asked them if they had any suggestion as to who should be made defence minister.
nobody mentioned any name.
the pm then proposed that the four meet later together.
the ministers met at rajnath singhs residence but no one really talked about the cabinet reshuffle.
perhaps jaitley had an inkling of what was in the prime ministers mind, but, if so, he did not reveal it to his colleagues.
snatching her babythe thankless task of informing uma bharti that she was losing her ganga rejuvenation portfolio was left to ram lal, the bjp organising secretary.
the feisty bharti complained to the rss that the ganga was her baby and she would not part with it.
the pm refused to relent as bharti has gained a reputation for absenteeism.
even before the cabinet reshuffle, modi had felt that it made sense for shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari, who looks after navigation, dredging and inland waterways, to oversee the ganga project.
in fact, bharti did not show up for two of the three joint meetings between the shipping ministry and the ganga rejuvenation ministry attended by the pms principal secretary, nripendra misra.
as a sop, it was finally decided that bharti would be given the ministry of drinking water and sanitation.
but she is not reconciled.
fortunes favouritethe big question is how nirmala sitharaman pipped everyone to the post and bagged the heavyweight defence portfolio.
the pm may be pleased with sitharamans honesty, hard work, draftsmanship and ability to give a prcis of lengthy documents, but other factors also weighed in her favour.
an important consideration was that sitharaman is from the south.
with the departure of venkaiah naidu, there was a need to rectify the regional imbalance among the top five ministers.
the only other minister from the south was ananth kumar and modi didnt think he fit the bill.
sitharaman is a tamilian who has represented both andhra pradesh and karnataka in the rajya sabha.
her promotion, in a way, was a snub to some whom amit shah wanted to cut to size.
someone at the party headquarters deliberately leaked the news that sitharaman was likely to be dropped, so as to put potential aspirants off their guard.
reversal of fortuneswith sushma swaraj, maneka gandhi, uma bharti, smriti irani, nirmala sitharaman and harsimrat kaur, the modi government has set a record for the largest number of women in the cabinet.
what is interesting is the fluctuating fortunes of the women ministers.
swaraj, gandhi and bharti are by far the senior-most in politics, but the two junior ministers, irani and sitharaman, have stolen their thunder.
bharti has managed to cling on to her position by the skin of her teeth and gandhi continues in the low-profile ministry of women and child development.
despite her efforts, swaraj has been unable to stall the rapid rise of sitharaman and irani.
sitharaman had impressed arun jaitley with her oratory and it was he who suggested that she be made a spokesperson in 2011.
in 2012, swaraj and venkaiah naidu opposed sitharaman getting a rajya sabha seat from rajasthan.
swaraj was also uncomfortable with irani, who shares a similar bharatiya nari image, becoming a popular campaigner for the party.
but, thanks to narendra modis blessings, irani was made a rajya sabha mp from gujarat in 2011 and appointed hrd minister in 2014.
sitharaman finally got into parliament in 2014, when she was made mos, commerce.
her elevation as defence minister last week puts her a notch above irani, now handling i&b and textiles, and almost, but not quite, on a par with swaraj.
partymen fumingthe harshest criticism of the new ministerial inductions has come on whatsapp groups of bjp loyalists and sangh activists.
it has been pointed out that many of the technocrats selected had chequered careers.
the appointment of k alphons and r k singh was particularly galling, as both have openly worked against the sangh in the past.
someone noted sarcastically that the christian sentiment, there is more rejoicing over one sinner who repents than 99 who justly deserve heaven, is from the bible and not part of hindutva.
nation building is above politics and electoral system.
positive and collective efforts should be made to bring about changes in the society, he said at a programme in jaipur.
we have achieved self-governance (swaraj) but are yet to get good governance (suraj).
we have to make efforts in this direction.
elaborating on secularism, he said the government can be secular but an individual cannot.
indian culture has the power to show the right path to the world.
despite poverty and lack of education, value-based indian social system keeps the society unified and strong, the union minister said.
the country is progressing rapidly in the field of research, science and technology, he said.
rajasthan chief minister vasaundhara raje, state transport minister yunus khan and others were also present on the occasion.
prime minister narendra modi on tuesday met union ministers from the bjp as well as allies at a meeting hosted by party president amit shah at its headquarters.
advertisingthe bjp described the meeting as an occasion to thank ministers for their service to the nation ahead of the counting of votes for the lok sabha election on may 23, following which a new government will assume charge.
union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, j p nadda and prakash javadekar were among the key leaders from the bjp at the meeting.
some ministers from bjp allies, including ram vilas paswan of the lok janshakti party, harsimrat kaur badal from the akali dal and anupriya patel of the apna dal, were also present.
the saffron camp has expressed confidence that the nda will emerge victorious, with the exit polls too forecasting a return of the modi government.
shah is also hosting a dinner for bjp leaders and allies later in the evening.
b'an image of a 3d painting as a virtual speed breaker tweeted by union minister nitingadkari gadkari (photo courtesy: twitter) an image of a 3d painting as a virtual speed breaker tweeted by union minister nitingadkari gadkari (photo courtesy: twitter)to check rash driving, the government is considering putting up three-dimensional (3d) paintings on major highways and busy roads to create virtual speed breakers, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari said tuesday.
the tweet has gone viral ever since the minister floated the idea to curb the menace of rash driving, which has claimed many lives in road mishaps.
india witnesses as high as 5 lakh road accidents in a year, in which 1.
5 lakh people die and another 3 lakh are maimed.
gadkaris idea kept the social media buzzing, with some pitching for it, others opposing it and many re-tweeting it.
started 14 years back in the us and canada finally, we are getting it here in india, tweeted a follower.
another asked, once the driver knows it is virtual and only a painting, do you think the driver will even bother to slow down?
one tweet was blunt: this is a bad idea.
the drivers at high speeds may apply sudden brake, thinking that there is an obstruction.
another user suggested: 3d visual speed breakers need to be painted in reflecting paint and be of quality.
bbjp president nitingadkari gadkari taunted prime minister manmohan singh for his remark he was not as big a culprit as being made out to be and asked him 1how much percentage of culprit are you ?
i ask the prime minister: how much percentage of culprit are you ?
gadkari also accused the congress of shying away from taking action on black money stashed in foreign banks for fear that it would blacken the faces of its leaders.
the bjp chief said that when the supreme court had asked the government why it was not disclosing names of people having such accounts,it was told any such move is not in the interest of the nation.
he pointed out there is a united nations resolution,allowing countries to get back such money stashed abroad,but that the upa government had not ratified it.
the congress is not implementing it,because if they do that,their leaders faces will get blackened; they would not be in a position to show their face,he alleged.
after nda comes to power in 2014,we will bring back this entire money,he said,adding these funds would be used for the welfare of poor,farmers and for road development and to link rivers ganga and cauvery to bring prosperity to the region.
referring to prime ministers remarks on compulsion of coalition governments,he accused manmohan singh of outsourcing a department (telecom) to an alliance partner.
is it coalition dharma to encourage corruption and adharma',he asked.
on the 2g scam,he quipped: (d) raja (former telecom minister) bajayega upa ka baaja.
(raja will spell doom for upa).
china is building airports and developing roads in pakistan occupied kashmir,he said and referred to maoist rule in nepal.
naxalites are trying to create a red zone from pashupatinath in nepal to tirupati in andhra pradesh,he said.
he charged congress with indulging in appeasing terrorism,noting that afzal guru,the main man behind the parliament attack,was yet to be hanged even six years after his conviction by the supreme court.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
express photo union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
express photoa day after prime minister narendra modi inaugurated the new cable bridge over the narmada in bharuch, senior congress leader and rajya sabha mp ahmed patel on wednesday shot a letter to union minister for road transport and highways & shipping nitingadkari gadkari, pointing out to a brazen attempt to mislead the people of gujarat, and urging gadkari to set the record straight in the matter.
what else is making news:patel, referring to gadkaris speech at the inauguration of the cable bridge on march 7, said, the speech claimed that after your appointment as the union surface transport minister in may 2014, you terminated a previous contract to build this bridge due to non-performance and issued a fresh tender at a significantly lower price.
i am sorry to state, this claim of yours is divorced from the truth.
patels letter then enlists a chronology of events pertaining to the construction of the bridge.
patels letter refers to an earlier sequence of correspondence with gadkari regarding the facts of the bridge and says, i have always held you in high esteem and hence, i am disappointed by your altering of facts to suit a political agenda.
the prime ministers rich track record of relying on half truths seems to have had a profound influence on you.
we are guided by a sense of duty towards people, and this should not be distracted by any political agenda.
i would be grateful if this record could be set straight.
when the national clean ganga mission was launched in 2015, a common criticism was that the project would come a cropper if it did not address the problem of municipal solid waste (msw) flowing into the river.
the mission did have plans of bolstering the network of waste treatment plants across the gangas 2,500 km stretch.
however, an analysis of the rivers water by the quality council of india has proved the naysayers right.
the study points out that 66 of the 97 towns along the river have at least one drain that flows into the ganga and notes that only 19 towns across the rivers basin have a plant to treat msw.
advertisingdata on the clean ganga mission website offers some insight into where things have wrong.
till november last year, the project had completed barely a sixth of the sewage treatment plant (stp) coverage it had envisaged.
the issue, however, is not just about the construction of stps but also their performance.
such plants perform sub-optimally because a large part of indias urban population lives outside sewerage networks.
this means that much of the waste they generate does not reach the stps.
the clean ganga mission did aim to strengthen the urban sewerage network.
but the missions website reveals that only 31 of the 131 sewerage infrastructure projects have been completed so far.
last year, union minister of water resources nitingadkari gadkari said that the government would try to ensure a 70 to 80 per cent improvement in the gangas water quality by march 2019.
he also spoke of a project to create a cadre of village and town-level volunteers who would help local bodies to monitor the quality of the rivers water.
however, by all accounts, the clean ganga mission has adopted the same top-down approach which proved to be the undoing of earlier projects to clean it.
the failure to reach out to local communities has been particularly telling when it comes to dealing with msw.
its well-known that such waste is best dealt with at source  segregated into separate heaps meant for recycling or for treatment at msw plants.
but that rarely happens in indias cities.
the quality council of india study shows how this failing has worked to the detriment of the ganga.
it found rubbish heaps close to ghats in 72 of the 97 towns along the river.
the director of the clean ganga mission has said that his team will take stock of the situation in mid-march.
chances are that by then, the project will miss the target set by the water resources minister.
b'piyush goyal welcomes agrawal to bjp.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal) piyush goyal welcomes agrawal to bjp.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal)minutes after he joined the bjp, rajya sabha mp naresh agrawal monday was at the centre of a storm after saying he joined the party because he was bypassed for somebody who danced and worked in films, referring to actor-turned-politician jaya bachchan.
agrawal drew sharp criticism from the bjp, including external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who said his remarks were improper and unacceptable.
agrawal quit the samajwadi party and formally joined the bjp in new delhi after he lost out his rajya sabha re-nomination to bachchan.
agrawals term as rajya sabha member ends on april 2.
addressing a press conference in the presence of union minister piyush goyal at the bjp headquarters in new delhi, agrawal said: aur filmon mein kaam karnewali se meri haisiyat kar di gayi.
ye filmon mein dance karte, apna role karte, unke naam par hamara ticket kata gaya, mein ne isko bahut uchit nahin samjha.
kisi ne bhi isko uchit nahin samjha.
(my status has been equated with women who work in films.
for somebody who used to dance in films, act in films, i was denied a (rajya sabha) ticket.
i did not find it appropriate.
nobody found it appropriate).
read | rajya sabha polls: naresh agarwal joining bjp spoils sp, bsps numbers game; heres howwhile the bjp distanced itself from his remarks, swaraj took to twitter: shri naresh agrawal has joined bhartiya janata party.
he is welcome.
however, his comments regarding jaya bachchanji are improper and unacceptable.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra, who was at the press conference, picked up the microphone immediately after agrawal concluded his brief speech.
before i request piyush goyalji to hand over the membership to him, i would like to clarify one thing from this platform: whether it is a film star or just a party worker, everyone is respected.
bjp respects everyone.
we respect all, he said.
read | denied rajya sabha ticket, naresh agarwal dumps samajwadi party for bjpaccording to goyal, patra had already discussed the issue with bjp leaders including party chief amit shah.
but the damage was done.
social media was abuzz with vehement criticism against agrawal, who often courted controversy with his remarks inside and outside parliament.
bjp leaders admitted that the party was deeply embarrassed by his remarks and that it has taken the sheen off the partys excitement over his shift to the bjp.
goyal, in the press conference, had also explained how the bjp would benefit from the clever leadership of agrawal.
read | naresh agarwals naachney wali jibe at jaya bachchan upsets bjp: but its nothing new for himaccording to agrawal, he had joined the bjp because he was impressed by the partys work and the leadership of both prime minister narendra modi and shah.
whatever work the bjp gives me i will accept.
we will do seva for the bjp.
i promise to deliver fully, he said.
he claimed that the people of his community  baniya (vaishya)  supported the bjp and would appreciate his move.
agrawal also said his son and sp mla in up, nitingadkari , would vote in favour of the bjp in the rajya sabha elections.
this could derail the calculations of the sp-bsp-congress for the rs polls in up.
in order to send two candidates, the combine needs 74 votes and the sp has 47 including agrawals mla son nitingadkari , the bsp has 19 and the congress has seven.
this makes 73.
but even if the rlds single mla votes for their candidate, the two candidates will find it hard to win if nitingadkari votes against them.
the bjp monday fielded 11 candidates for the 10 rajya sabha seats in up.
b'nitin gadkari rubbished the charges of corruption and said singhs allegations were completely false as the ministry followed a transparent e-tender system.
nitin gadkari rubbished the charges of corruption and said singhs allegations were completely false as the ministry followed a transparent e-tender system.
congress today demanded the immediate sacking of union minister nitingadkari gadkari alleging that the awarding of the rs 10,050 crore zozila pass tunnel contract to irb infrastructure developers ltd was a clear case of corruption at the highest level.
party general secretary digvijay singh told reporters at party headquarters that gadkari, heading the road transport and highways ministry, has allegedly violated the cvc guidelines while awarding the contract.
however, gadkari rubbished the charges of corruption and said singhs allegations were completely false as theministry followed a transparent e-tender system.
he also denied that his son was a director in irb infrastructuredevelopers.
singh claimed that what was strange and unheard of is that the irb was the sole bidder for the massive project in jammu and kashmir.
he said government should have gone in for the swiss challenge method.
swiss challenge is a form of public procurement which requires a public authority that has received an unsolicited bid for a public project (such as a port, road or railway) or services to be provided to government, to publish the bid and invite third parties to match or exceed it.
singh alleged that gadkari had business dealings with dattatreya mhaiskar, head of irb, which had shares in the controversial purti group floated by the minister.
he claimed gadkaris son nikhil was director for some years in a subsidiary of irb.
according to sena sources, uddhav thackeray will hold a meeting of senior leaders and newly-elected corporators tomorrow to decide future course of action.
(file) according to sena sources, uddhav thackeray will hold a meeting of senior leaders and newly-elected corporators tomorrow to decide future course of action.
(file)with the elections to the bmc throwing up a fractured verdict, all eyes are on shiv sena and bjp, each of which notched up over 80 seats in the 227-member council, whose leaders are yet to spell out their next move.
the sena today put up a brave front despite the results falling far short of its expectations, indicating that it will not agree to a post-poll pact giving up its claim for the coveted post of mayor in the countrys richest civic body.
senior bjp leader and union minister minister nitingadkari gadkari, however, said the two parties have no option other than a coming together.
fadnavis, the architect of the bjps stunning performance in bmc and other city bodies across the state, had yesterday said his partys core committee comprising him and the state unit chief will take the next step.
meanwhile, the sena received a boost today with two independent corporators joining the party, raising its total tally in the bmc to 86, still way below the half-way mark of 114.
sena chief uddhav thackeray, after admitting the corporators in the party, told reporters that he had not thought about an alliance with any party to wrest power in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) yet, but maintained that the coveted mayors post will be held by sena only.
according to sena sources, thackeray will hold a meeting of senior leaders and newly-elected corporators tomorrow to decide future course of action.
meanwhile, senior leaders from both parties claimed the support of the remaining three independent corporators.
bjps core committee meeting is expected to be held in two to three days, where the partys course will be charted out.
in the bitterly fought bmc elections, shiv sena won 84 seats, bjp secured 82, congress was relegated to the third position with 31 seats, whereas the ncp and raj thackeray-led mns finished with nine and seven seats respectively.
unfazed by the giant stride made by the bjp, sena kept up its attack on the estranged ally, with which it shares power in the state and central government.
an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana said the partys fight with the bjp will continue, regardless of the consequences.
it also accused the bjp of having used the state machinery and all its might of central leadership to score an unprecedented result in the bmc polls and other local bodies.
the sena has been ruling the bmc from the last 25 years.
they (the bjp) used deceitful means to destabilise our rule.
this has never happened before when the congress ruled the state, it charged.
our fight (with the bjp) will continue.
the war that had started was not only for power but for dharma, ideals and the integrity of maharashtra, the sena said.
meanwhile, mumbai bjp president ashish shelar said his party wont enter into any secret alliance with anyone.
whatever (alliance) will happen will be discussed in the core committee, shelar said, ahead of the bjp core committee meeting here tonight.
it is a matter of analysis as to how our party, which had 32 corporators in the outgoing bmc, rose to 82 in the latest election, he added.
the election commission (ec) friday cleared prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah in four complaints of alleged violation of the model code of conduct (mcc), of which at least one decision was not unanimous.
advertisingthe disagreement in the poll panel was on shahs speech in nagpur on april 9 when he likened wayanad, the second seat from where congress president rahul gandhi is contesting, to pakistan.
the commissions decision favouring shah, was taken by a 2-1 majority, the indian express has learnt.
lok sabha elections 2019: polling schedule, results date, constituency-wise results, how to check live counting of votesaddressing the rally in nagpur, from where union minister nitingadkari gadkari is seeking re-election, shah had said: aur yeh rahul baba apne gathbandhan ke liye, keral ke andar aisi seat par jaakar khade juloos nikalta hai toh bharat hai ya pakistan ka juloos hai.
maloom hi nahin padta, aisi jagah jaake khade hain.
advertising(and this rahul baba, for the sake of his alliance, has gone to such a seat in kerala where when a procession is taken out, you cannot make out whether it is india or a pakistan procession.
you cannot make out, to such a seat he has gone).
shah said this in an apparent reference to a large number of indian union muslim league flags (green in colour) seen during the procession when gandhi filed his nomination papers from wayanad on april 4.
the matter has been examined in detail in accordance with the extant advisories, provisions of the model code of conduct and after examination of complete transcript of speech of six pages sent by deo (district electoral officer) nagpur, commission is of the view that in this matter no such violation of mcc or ecis instructions is made out, states the ecs reply to congress leader randeep surjewala on the partys complaint regarding shahs nagpur speech.
with the ecs clean chit in this case, there are now at least three decisions pertaining to complaints of alleged mcc violations by modi and shah that had one election commissioner registering his dissent.
also read | fourth clean chit: ec lets off pm modi for majority-minority speech in nandedthe indian express reported friday that the decisions to let modi off the hook for his minority-majority speech at wardha on april 1 and his appeal to first-time voters by invoking the balakot air strikes in latur on april 9 were also not unanimous.
the other case in which shah was cleared friday was his speech in west bengal on april 22.
the bjp president, while addressing a rally, had said that modi had sent his air force to destroy terror camps in pakistan after the pulwama attack in february this year.
with this, both congress complaints against shah have been disposed of.
the commission also cleared modi for his speech in varanasi on april 25 and another in nanded, maharashtra on april 6.
in nanded, modi had referred to the wayanad seat as one where the countrys majority is in minority.
in varanasi, he had said that 40 terrorists had been killed in pulwama in response to the 42 soldiers who were martyred in the terror attack .
in a separate decision friday, the ec gave gandhi an extension until may 7 to reply to ecs notice for his claim at a rally in madhya pradesh that a new law framed by the union government permits the killing of tribals.
notices were also issued to union culture minister mahesh sharma and goas panchayati raj minister marvin godinho for alleged mcc violations.
telangana chief minister k chandrashekhar rao was censured for his remarks during his poll campaign in karimnagar on march 17 and cautioned to be more careful in future.
party workers greet uddhav thackeray.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar) party workers greet uddhav thackeray.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar)the shiv sena on friday started back-channel talks with the congress to explore an attempt to checkmate the bjp in the race for control over the mumbai municipal corporation, the countrys richest civic body.
top sources confirmed that uddhav thackerays emissaries had approached the congress with a proposal for backing shiv senas claim for the city mayors post.
they said the congress, which suffered a drubbing in the polls, is considering the option of extending outside support to the shiv sena.
sources said the shiv sena has offered the deputy mayors post to the congress in lieu of its support.
civic officials said the mayors election will be held on march 9.
the floor test for the post is by a show of hands.
maharashtra congress chief ashok chavan convened a meeting of senior party leaders where the senas option is said to have been discussed.
former chief ministers sushilkumar shinde and narayan rane; mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam; mp hussain dalwai and former maharashtra ministers naseem khan and balasaheb thorat attended the meeting.
earlier in the day, congress mla abdul sattar, who is seen as ashok chavans close aide, had set the ball rolling.
the party will take a call on extending support after receiving a formal proposal from the shiv sena.
since the bjp is our principal rival, the partys state unit will submit a formal proposal to the high command on supporting the shiv sena not only in the bmc but in other civic bodies and zilla parishads across the state.
thursdays election results had thrown up a hung verdict.
the shiv sena won 84 seats in the 227-member corporation while the bjp was a close second with 82  an almost three-fold surge.
while both the shiv sena and the bjp are reaching out to independents to pad their numbers, they are aware that neither can reach the magic mark of 114 without congresss support.
the congress won 31 seats (down from 52), the nationalist congress party 9, maharashtra navnirman sena 7, the all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen won two, and arun gawlis akhil bharatiya sena (abs) one.
five independents were also elected to the house.
so far the shiv sena has received support from two independents while the bjp has managed one.
the abs is expected to back the shiv sena.
read: bmc elections 2017: wont ally with congress at any cost, says maharashtra cm devendra fadnaviswhile the easier option of the shiv sena and the bjp burying their differences and coming back together remains open, thackerays party has dropped hints that its not averse to exercising the more improbable option of taking congress support.
on the face of it, both the shiv sena and the congress remained non-committal.
we are celebrating today.
we have come to power for the fifth consecutive time in mumbai.
i havent through of anything else right now, said uddhav thackeray today when asked about who will decide mumbais next mayor.
prodded further, he said, discussions are on, while opting not to reveal with whom.
on thursday after the poll outcome, thackeray announced that the party would win the mayoral poll but didnt elaborate.
chavan, too, adopted a wait-and-watch stance.
the ss and the bjp continue to coexist in an alliance in the state and the centre.
it is for them to first take a call on the fate of their alliance.
only after that can we decide our position.
right now we are a third party, he said.
however, a senior sena leader, who wished not to be named, tried to justify the move.
in the past, we had broken from nda ranks to extend support to congresss nominees pratibha patil and pranab mukherjee for the presidents post.
we see no reason why the congress cant extend us support to keep the bjp at bay, he said.
shiv sena sources said the party was also in talks with the ncp.
we are banking on support from the mns.
the sp and the mim can abstain or remain neutral during the vote for the mayor to see us through, another leader said.
during the meeting of senior congress leaders, sources confirmed that some spoke in favour of backing the shiv sena.
but others were wary of the negative signal this would send to the partys loyal minority voters.
some senior congress leaders argued that the sena had sent a muslim candidate to the house from bandras behrampada which is minority-dominated.
they said that the partys central leadership had been apprised of the senas proposal and word was awaited.
there is another section in the party which feels that extending support formally to the shiv sena would impact the partys poll prospects in uttar pradesh.
an alternate option of indirectly helping the sena by abstaining from voting for the mayors post was also discussed.
when contacted, nirupam said: our mandate is to sit in opposition, he said.
but he reiterated chavans stance that it was up to the sena and the bjp to take a call on their alliance first.
while the bjp camp is yet to formally reach out to thackeray, union minister nitingadkari gadkari pushed for an alliance.
both of them are mature.
thackeray has called a meeting of his senior leaders and newly elected corporators on saturday.
meanwhile, in the wake of huge strides made by the bjp in elections for zilla parishads, chavan announced on friday that the congress and the ncp will forge post-poll pacts for staking claim to power in 12 zps.
while the congress and ncp have traditionally dominated the states rural politics, the bjp trumped the two in most of the zps on thursday.
the ncp had approached us with a formal proposal for a post-poll pact.
we have agreed to it, chavan said.
on march 21, 2017, the average road construction was 23 km per day but next year target would be 40 km per day.
he also said there were plans to make 11 expressways including delhi-katra and delhi-jaipur, adding that work on mumbai-baroda expressway would start in three months.
b'when gadkari laid the foundation stone for the bridges, i broke my vow and shaved after three years, said varik whose beard was almost touching his belly.
when gadkari laid the foundation stone for the bridges, i broke my vow and shaved after three years, said varik whose beard was almost touching his belly.
a 37-year-old man from canacona area near panaji in goa paid a visit to the local barber to shave off his beard after protesting for three years against the lack of bridges across two rivers.
a staunch bjp supporter, mahesh varik ended his protest after union minister nitingadkari gadkari laid the foundation stones recently.
varik, a businessman from loliem village in canacona, had decided not to shave his beard till the long pending demand of bridges across talpona and galjibag river is fulfilled.
he began his protest in 2012 when the bjp came to power in goa.
the bridges were needed to give respite from long distance travel to thousands of locals including students.
on january 2 at the foundation laying ceremony of the bridges near here defence minister manohar parrikar in presence of gadkari had announced, the foundation stone is laid.
now varik can go to a barber and shave his beard.
south goa member of parliament narendra sawaikar had also referred varik and his protest during his short speech before gadkari unveiled the plank of the foundation stone.
when gadkari laid the foundation stone for the bridges, i broke my vow and shaved after three years, said varik whose beard was almost touching his belly.
after hearing the news, i immediately went to a barber and returned with a clean shaven look.
the foundation stone is laid, that means the bridges would naturally be completed.
we have to trust government at least that much, he said while claiming that the protest was for his fellow villagers.
gadkari had laid foundation stone for 7.
74 km long bypass which included bridges over talpona river (450 metres), galjibad river (500 metres) and at mashem (130 metres).
the protest was not against the government or the party.
i just wanted to make sure that the bridges are constructed.
i had told the then chief minister (manohar parrikar) that i will not shave till the demand is fulfilled, varik said.
the bridges will save people from travelling almost 9 km to reach the famous galjibag beach or st anthony high school in that area or even the church where people go for religious masses, he said.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister manohar lal look at a model of the bypass at pinjore on monday.
jaipal singh union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister manohar lal look at a model of the bypass at pinjore on monday.
jaipal singhunion minister for road, transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari on monday laid the foundation stone of four-lane pinjore bypass surajpur-sukhomajri project from national highway-22 to nh-21a linking himachals industrial town of baddi.
he announced several projects while accepting almost all the demands related to national and state highways passing through haryana.
the foundation stone of the rs 140-crore project was laid near rampur shivdi village, jhajjra bridge, on national highway-22 in the presence of haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar.
in his around 18-minute-long speech, the union minister said he had accepted all the demands of haryana related to national and state highways, and declared that roads linking yamunanagar to paonta sahib (himachal pradesh) and handesra to kala amb (himachal) would be national highways and would be made four-lane.
he criticised the previous upa government for slow pace of construction work on national and state highways.
the other announcements included construction of an underpass at dhakal village in jind district, one-time improvement work of bypass section of nh-10, 65, 71 and 73 at a cost of rs 170 crore, elevated flyover on nh-2 (delhi-agra) from agra chowk, alaudpur chowk to delhi chowk in palwal town, sohna bypass on nh-71b, eastern bypass of karnal subject to the condition that 50 per cent land cost will be shared by haryana.
three underpasses on nh-10  bahadurgarh-baldi road, balour mod and rohtak chowk  and two underpasses on nh-71  dujana and silani chowk on panchkula-yamunanagar highway  will be made.
gadkari urged the state government to help in land acquisition for delhi-yamunanagar expressway that will link haryana, uttarakhand, himachal pradesh and chandigarh.
he said to bring down pollution in delhi, e-vehicles would be operated in haryana.
the 65 per cent work of eastern peripheral expressway, which is being constructed at a cost of rs 12,000 crore, has already been completed.
this project will help divert traffic from uttar pradesh, rajasthan, punjab, haryana, uttarakhand, himachal pradesh, and jammu and kashmir currently passing through delhi while travelling between these states.
this would reduce vehicle pressure up to 50 per cent on delhi, besides the pollution.
cm khattar and local mp rattan lal kataria, too, spoke on the occasion.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari with senior editor liz mathew at the indian express office.
abhinav saha union minister nitingadkari gadkari with senior editor liz mathew at the indian express office.
abhinav sahaone of the top performing ministers in the narendra modi government, nitingadkari gadkari has done notable work in road construction as the minister for road transport and highways.
by 2018, the minister, who is said to have the prime ministers ear, wants to achieve the target of building 40 km of roads per day.
inspired in his early life by the rss, gadkari entered politics as a student leader of the abvpliz mathew: what do you plan to focus on in 2018?
our aim was to build 40 km (of road) per day.
at the end of three years, we have reached 23 km per day.
by next year, i feel, we will be successful in reaching the 40 km per day target.
that is my priority.
we have three state-of-the-art projects, of which two are complete.
the first is the tunnel between jammu and srinagar; the second is the longest road bridge over the brahmaputra, which was recently inaugurated by the prime minister; and the third is the eastern peripheral expressway which will reduce pollution and traffic of delhi by 50 per cent.
we will inaugurate it by august 15.
strengthening inland waterways is my dream.
we are also planning on making six new major ports.
in the transport sector, i want to work on introducing bio-diesel, bio-cng (vehicles).
on may 25, in nagpur, we started 200 e-taxis, e-autorickshaws, and e-buses.
they are pollution-free and cost-effective.
liz mathew: at a time when the bjp is trying to expand its footprint and strengthen its organisation in tamil nadu and kerala, wont the notification banning the sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets affect the partys prospects in these states?
we are not against anything.
the way in which the issue is being projected by the media and some people that is not the conviction behind the idea.
we want to save the animals that are medically fit.
in case there is a certificate from the doctor (confirming that the animal is unfit), then it can be taken to the slaughterhouse.
we are not against it.
there is a need to educate people and inform them.
liz mathew: but the notification seems to have made things difficult for the ordinary people in the industry, such as butchers etc.
in every big city there are illegal slaughterhouses.
what we need are scientifically tested and technically well-equipped slaughterhouses.
the government is taking action only if the animals are being taken to illegal slaughterhouses.
coomi kapoor: many people say that when you were the bjp president, there was more inner democracy in the party.
we are a democratic party in the true sense.
when i was the president, and even in my political career before that, i have been known as a decision maker.
when i became the president of the party i had to take the advice of many people, it was a difficult task.
our party does not belong to one family, it is not a father-son, mother-son party.
abantika ghosh: charges are being framed against your colleague uma bharti in the babri demolition case.
will she be asked to step down?
not at all.
as far as this case is concerned, i dont want to comment on the decision of the court, but these cases were politically motivated.
in due course of time, people such as (lal krishna) advaniji, (murli manohar) joshi and uma bharti will get justice.
we must wait till the court takes a decision.
if court decides they are guilty, then that will be a different situation.
but asking for the resignation of someone based on the fact that charges are being framed in a case is not justified.
i am not in favour of any kind of corruption, neither am i supporting anyone.
if an officer is involved in corruption, either in the state or central government, there will be stern action.
i am not in favour of any kind of corruption, neither am i supporting anyone.
if an officer is involved in corruption, either in the state or central government, there will be stern action.
anand mishra: there is a perception now that cabinet meetings are not as interactive as they used to be.
some people also say that nitingadkari gadkari is perhaps the only autonomous minister in this government.
do you feel that lack of interaction is a problem in this government?
ministers are free to speak, there is no issue.
many times, i speak up and even oppose the opinion of the prime minister after that he is the prime minister and has the full authority to take a decision.
there is no problem, we discuss all issues.
anyone who wants to speak up must have the confidence to do so.
sometimes in politics there is a clash between perception and reality.
there may be a perception in the minds of some people that no one is talking, people are afraid etc, but that is not the reality.
if people want to talk they are free to do so.
rakesh sinha: why is the national highway till raxaul (bihar)-birgunj (nepal) border not complete?
it is one of the busiest stretches in the region and is in a complete shambles.
land acquisition is the responsibility of the state.
in bihar, the land acquisition rates are one of the highest, and then the state government, unlike others, is also taking a 20 per cent levy charge.
we have already given the bihar government large sums of money, so money is not the problem.
the problem is that land is not available and that is why the contractor cannot complete the work.
we are trying our level best.
our (ministrys) secretary has met the chief secretary of bihar to discuss the land acquisition issue.
i met the deputy chief minister.
we have also taken a decision that without 80 per cent of land acquisition we cannot award roads.
rakesh sinha: how does nepal signing the one belt one road framework agreement affect india?
i cant comment on that, but we have a very friendly relationship with nepal.
we are helping both nepal and sri lanka.
the prime minister of sri lanka had said that ram had hanuman who built the ram setu to sri lanka, and now there is nitingadkari gadkari, the new hanuman, who has come to sri lanka and is building roads.
krishn kaushik: recently, you wrote a letter to the uttarakhand chief minister warning against the adverse impact of the cbi investigation into the nh 74 land acquisition scam.
you said that you have to re-examine the usefulness of taking up projects in the state.
land acquisition is completely under the state government, and the compensation is decided by the state authorities; it is not related to the national highways authority of india (nhai).
the amount is deposited in the account of the collector and he disburses it.
we have taken the opinion of the attorney general; our officer was not involved in handing out any compensation.
we have discussed the case with the chief minister (trivendra singh rawat) and chief secretary.
i have suggested that they verify the case with their advocate general, take his opinion and then take a call on things.
i am not in favour of any kind of corruption, neither am i supporting anyone.
if an officer is involved in corruption, either in the state or central government, there will be stern action.
but if our people arent involved, how can they have an fir against them; that was my concern.
(in march, cm rawat sought a cbi probe into the alleged scam and claimed that irregularities worth rs 240 crore have been detected in the acquisition of farmland for the purpose of the proposed nh-74.
later, gadkari had written to the cm saying that a probe would have an adverse impact on the morale of the officers.
)the cbi can begin its investigation, i am not against it.
sunil jain: by 2019, how much of road transport is expected to move to waterways?
i dont have an estimate now.
you have to understand the road history of our country.
in our country we have 52 lakh km of road length, of which only 96,000 km are national highways.
40 per cent of the traffic of the country is on 2 per cent of the road.
so, firstly, our government has decided to increase the national highway length from 96,000 to 2 lakh km.
once that is done, 80 per cent of the traffic of the country will be on national highways.
we are taking another decision.
if the traffic is more than 10,000 pcu (passenger car equivalent), we will make four link roads.
if the traffic is more than 20,000 pcu, then we can make six link roads.
we are also planning for 13 express highways, where we expect a speed of about 125 km per hour.
there is only one black spot on my ministry since i took charge, that accidents have increased by 4 per cent.
it is a very serious issue for me.
we are identifying 786 black spots and spending rs 11,000 crore on improving them.
we are making crash barriers, solar panel traffic signals, marking systems by the end of five years we want to save lives of at least 50 per cent of the people.
shobhana subramanian: you have a very ambitious toll-operate-transfer (tot) projectwhatever i decide to do, i complete it 100 per cent.
today my problem is not money my problem is with the system.
lic (life insurance corporation of india) can give me rs 8,000 crore with 7.
25 interest rate.
but can i spend it?
the system is not moving as fast as i am expecting them to.
today, i have 104 projects ready with me, i can monetise within 24 hours.
(in an attempt at monetising completed stretches of public funded national highways, the ministry of road, transport and highways plans to bid them out to private investors and mobilise additional resources for constructing new highways across the country).
shobhana subramanian: so then, what is the problem?
why are you not giving out projects in tot mode?
there is no expenditure.
i have a budget of rs 65,000 crore, we have already taken rs 7,000 crore from lic, rs 5,000 crore from the masala bond (bonds issued outside india but denominated in indian rupees).
the money is with us.
the problem is that the system needs to give out more construction contracts, otherwise i have to deposit the money with the bank.
the problem is i have to take the money at 7 per cent interest and deposit it with 6 per cent interestshobhana subramanian: so then you wont give out projects in tot mode?
we will do it when required.
when will you sell your gold?
two days before your daughters wedding?
why should i sell my gold if the wedding date and the groom are not fixed.
my projects are like gold projects.
liz mathew: what about the implementation of gst?
how do you plan on tackling the hurdles?
when our government came to power, our revenue receipt was rs 13 lakh crore.
after three years, (arun) jaitleyji (finance minister) said that our revenue receipt will be rs 20 lakh crore.
and after two years of demonetisation and gst, the economists have said the revenue receipt will be around rs 28-30 lakh crore.
so, the governments income is rising and this is also the beginning of the digital currency.
there is more transparency now arun jaitleyji, the finance secretary and the gst council are working to resolve issues.
initially, there will be trouble but by and large corruption will reduce, there will be transparency and revenues will increase.
sandeep singh: what about job creation?
we have a work order worth rs 6 lakh crore  rs 1.
5 lakh crore work in the shipping sector and rs 4-4.
5 lakh crore in the road and transport sector.
when there is an investment of rs 1 lakh crore, 10 lakh people will get direct employment.
so, if we have done work worth rs 6 lakh crore, then we will give jobs to 60 lakh crore.
my target is that by the time we complete five years, we should have directly or indirectly created five crore jobs, adding 3 per cent to the countrys gdp.
its a target, not a commitment.
liz mathew: you are one of the few politicians in the bjp to have relationships across party lines.
what do you make of the present relationship between the government and the opposition?
i have restricted my role now.
i work in my department from 8 in the morning to midnight.
whoever comes to me, i am extremely positive and down to earth with them.
whenever an mp from any party comes, i get whatever work that should be done, done.
like when the motor vehicles act came, members of all parties would greet me before speaking.
whoever has done me wrong, i have a forgive and forget attitude towards them.
when it comes to progress, one should not indulge in politics, one should help others instead.
in politics, the public will vote for those they want to vote for.
we must keep on working.
i am different.
this is how i work.
i have no worries.
i have never garlanded anyone, never welcomed anyone at the airport, never put up anyones cutout.
george fernandes is my icon.
there is no bigger person than him.
i saw him from quite close in mumbai once.
such an honest, simple person.
srijana mitra das: a lot of young voters expected a holistically modern government from the bjp.
today, the same voters are seeing people being killed over beef.
people are not being allowed to make the films they want to what would you like to tell those young voters?
there is a difference between modernisation and westernisation.
we are all in favour of modernisation.
i come from the rss and have a modern outlook as well.
but people have made an image once it was perceived that only those who wear tilak and a dhoti can become the bjp president.
i wear jeans.
there is no need to iron it and it goes on for more than four days.
i was told that i cannot become a neta till i wear kurta-pyjama.
i said will wear what i want to.
the bjp is modern party and even the sangh parivar has a modern outlook.
the problem is that a section of the media and politicians have decided to denounce them.
it is the agenda of some well-read people from jnu, who have leftist leanings, they cant bear it if anyone says something, we are blamed, if a film is blocked, we are blamed.
what is our connection with it?
an environment is being created in the country that those who want to insult hindutva, the sangh, the bjp a section of media accuses us of being anti-minority, of stopping people from eating beef.
we are accused of saying things we dont say.
we support research, scientific approach we are progressive, we are not outdated.
we are rashtravadi (nationalists).
we say what is gold is gold, what is old is out.
i am of a progressive mindset.
sometimes the perception is different from reality.
srijana mitra das: but you can help change the perception as well.
nobody went to meet mohammad akhlaq and pehlu khans families from the governments side.
the pm made two statements.
many incidents happen that are unfortunate but you cant blame us for everything.
if someone commits a murder in mumbai, is the fir lodged in delhi?
some people in our society, of leftist ideology, i have no fear in saying this, they raise such issues.
ngt also asked delhi govt to submit suggestions on providing incentives to those transferring/scrapping old, polluting diesel vehicles.
(source: express archive)the national green tribunal (ngt) on monday gave the central and state governments two weeks to submit reasoned and scientifically supported views on a range of issues including a congestion tax and a cap on the number of vehicles allowed to run in delhi.
the tribunal kept in abeyance its order banning diesel-run vehicles older than 10 years in the ncr until then.
truckers body all india motor transport congress (aimtc) postponed until may 1  the next date of hearing  its planned strike to protest the tribunals order.
also read: haryanas fix for delhis air: bs-iv vehicles only; javadekar asks other states to followrepresentatives of the aimtc met transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on monday.
we will file an affidavit in the supreme court in a day or two seeking more time, as the two weeks time given by ngt is grossly insufficient.
the policy would be prepared in six months, and implemented in a time-bound manner, the minister told the truckers.
he added that the government will also explore the possibility of promoting bio-fuel and fitting equipment in vehicles to minimise pollution.
aimtcs bhim wadhwa said, the strike has been called off until may 1.
until then, commercial vehicles will continue operations as usual, he said.
the association, which claims to represent over 50 lakh truckers, had threatened to stop all operations in the ncr from midnight on monday.
the delhi government on monday submitted to the ngt that the prohibitory orders passed by the tribunal were causing serious concern and practical difficulties.
essential services including food supply to delhi and garbage collection were being affected by the order, the government said.
the tribunal accepted that the larger public interest must not be adversely affected due to impounding of diesel vehicles of more than 10 years old, and said that vehicles would not be impounded for two weeks.
but it pulled up the delhi, rajasthan, haryana and uttar pradesh governments, as well as the centre, for failing to submit their suggestions on data furnished for preventing and controlling air pollution along with suggestions on restoring ambient air quality.
on april 7, the ngt passed stringent directions to control air pollution in delhi, including putting curbs on builders and transporters.
the tribunal stressed several points highlighted in the indian expresss death by breath series of reports.
the tribunal on monday asked the union ministries of surface transport, environment and forests, petroleum, and urban development, and the government of delhi and other authorities for views on the permissible age of vehicles in delhi, their fuel, and the number of vehicles that should be allowed to be registered in ncr.
it also asked for their suggestions on incentives for those pooling vehicles, possible benefits or concession for transferring or scrapping vehicles that are banned in delhi, and on providing public transport vehicles on high priority at places with high commercial or industrial activity.
the tribunal also asked for the rationalisation of parking charges to encourage people to use parking facilities, and not park their vehicles on roads, which leads to traffic congestion and increased pollution.
the ngt asked for the governments views on the imposition on higher registration and congestion charges for individuals or families with more than one vehicle, along with research conducted to find out suitable converters for emissions from vehicles and beneficial use of energy for running cars.
it sought details of steps being taken to ensure that emissions at major power plants such as the indraprastha, bhadra and raj ghat, thermal power project were within norms.
india will stop the water flowing towards pakistan.
gadkari was addressing a rally in favour of sad-bjp candidate, professor prem singh chandumajra, who is contesting parliamentary elections from anandpur sahib.
pakistan continuously disturbed the peace between both the countries.
there is no logic of following this treaty.
there are six projects which were coined for stopping the flow of water to pakistan and using it instead for punjab region.
advertisinggadkari also said in coming times, the union government was trying to decrease its dependency on petroleum.
they, in fact cancelled the project, but we made the efforts.
the 67 km road stretch was inaugurated last year, gadkari added.
however,he asserted that bharti can return to the party fold whenever she wants.
at present there is no proposal in this regard before the party in view of the reasons cited by bharti,he said.
there are speculations about uma bhartis return to the bjp,which she left five years ago and later floated her own bharatiya janashakti party.
b'union minister nitingadkari gadkari union minister nitingadkari gadkariunion minister nitingadkari gadkari, sought cooperation from all political parties for the crucial motor vehicle (amendment) bill 2016 which was introduced in parliament on tuesday.
i have sought cooperation from all opposition parties.
everyday 500 people are dying.
if we do not amend our laws we would not be able to save lives of people.
tv channels and newspapers are full of accident news.
such magnitude is not killed in any war, the road, transport and highways minister said.
5 lakh people are killed.
the bill was pending for one year.
a ministerial panel of 18 transport ministers from states, headed by rajasthan minister yunoos khan has given recommendations for it and congress, ncp, trinamool college, dmk all transport ministers were there.
we have accepted their suggestions which are in public interest, the minister said.
he said that instead of sending the bill to joint selection committee, he has requested members to hold discussion and pass it because priority is to save lives.
earlier while introducing the bill in the lok sabha, the minister contended that road safety was not only his but also the responsibility of other members and said the bills early passage in the lok sabha was necessary so that it could be moved to the rajya sabha for passage during the ongoing session, which ends on friday.
i am ready to accept your suggestions.
more lives could be lost if a lot of time passes before it is passed, he said.
the motor vehicle (amendment) bill 2016 proposes hefty penalties for violation of traffic norms including up to rs 10,000 fine for drunken driving and rs 2 lakh compensation for hit-and-run cases.
the bill also has provision of up to rs 10 lakh compensation in case of road fatality.
watch video: whats making newsthe bill includes penalties in the range of rs 1000-4000 for over-speeding.
according to the bill, driving without insurance will be punishable with rs 2,000 fine and/or three-month imprisonment, while driving a two-wheeler without helmet will attract rs 2,000 fine and 3-month suspension of license.
the provisions also include that guardian/owner will be deemed to be guilty in case of road offense by juveniles while registration of the vehicle will be canceled.
i told him (nitish kumar) that we have not taken a decision on it (prime ministerial candidate).
i told him that you are a part of nda and when we in nda decide who should be the candidate,we will discuss it with you too.
he was replying to a question on kumars objection to modi being ndas prime ministerial candidate.
if his and our ideology was the same,would not we be one party?
however,gadkari indicated kumar and his party jd(u) are not likely to go with congress when he said the bihar chief minister is a follower of ram manohar lohia,a staunch critic of congress.
far from going on the backfoot about not defending the rss reputation from being besmirched,gadkari prodded the rss on the mistakes it was committing.
he was speaking on the occasion of the launch of a book that deals with the philosophy,history and organisational structure of the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss) besides information about the organisations pracharak system.
the 264-page book secrets of rss: demystifying the sangh is written by mumbai-based ratan sharda,a teacher of international studies.
releasing the book here,gadkari initially extolled the rss functioning and said it was often misunderstood as rss does not approach the media on its own and rarely goes out of its way to explain its actions.
describing the rss as a democratic organisation,he said,in spite of nearly 85 years of service to the nation,when it comes to the sanghs image before media and many people,it is a matter of image vs reality.
he blamed the congress for not sparing a time in portraying rss as a villain.
the congress has blackened its face in the 2g spectrum scam and now more details about the bofors case are emerging they are now trying to divert attention by pointing fingers at rss time and again.
but,even at tough times,the sangh has spoken about congress in a subdued tone.
first,there was talk of involvement of outsiders in the samjhauta express blast,as stated by america too.
now,saying another thing it is all vote-bank politics, he said on the probe into the 2007 explosions in the india-pakistan train service which claimed 68 lives.
earlier,lashkar-e-toiba was suspected to have carried out the attack and even the us had imposed sanctions on its operative arif qasmani citing his role in the samjhauta express blast.
he was critical of slain mumbai ats chief hemant karkare and said,i have heard of conversations that were stored on karkares laptop in which there were plans to kill the present rss chief.
he said he had also heard conversations in which karkare had labelled rss leader indresh kumar an isi agent.
his statements come at a time when kumars role is being probed by investigating agencies in connection with the samjhauta express blast and other terror attacks.
karkare was killed during the 26/11 operations and senior congress leader digvijay singh had claimed that the top police officer feared for his life as he had unearthed the link of rss leaders in terror plots in the country.
advertisingexit poll results are not final.
they are only an indicator.
the results will come on may 23.
but results are, by and large, in tune with exit poll outcome (and) all polls indicate that the nda government is returning to power under prime minister narendra modi, he said.
the senior bjp leader was speaking at the launch of a poster of pm narendra modi, a biopic on the prime minister, which will be released on may 24, a day after the counting of votes cast in the lok sabha elections.
actor vivek oberoi, who is playing the lead role, and film producer sandip s singh were also present on the occasion.
originally scheduled to be released on april 5, the election commission had stayed the release of the biopic on april 10 after several opposition parties had complained to judicial authorities and the poll body, claiming that the film was a propaganda vehicle for the ruling bjp.
modi ji has raised indias prestige in the world and has delivered corruption-free five years of rule.
oberoi told reporters that after a lot of opposition from some people, the film will now be screened across 40 countries simultaneously on may 24.
its a film on a great leader, he said.
b'asking prime minister manmohan singh to take firm action,senior bjp leader l k advani today said black money of a staggering amount of rs 20 lakh crore stashed in swiss banks should be brought back to india and a law enacted in this regard.
a shocking report published by global financial transparency said that indias rs 20.
85 lakh crore have been deposited with swiss banks.
we have even written a letter to the prime minister in this regard.
but we have not received a reply so far, advani said here at a nda rally against inflation and corruption.
we also should have some law to bring the money back.
why are we silent over the issue just because few people related to congress have been connected with it.
the prime minister had assured before the lok sabha polls to look into the issue.
now he should speak, he said.
i have three swiss bank account numbers which were related to the bofors case.
quattrocchi transfered money into win chaddas account is now known and he also had close relations with gandhi family.
shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray criticised the upa government for talking about saffron terrorism and said it is just trying to divert peoples attention from various scams and corruption cases.
so far there was no colour given to terrorism and now suddenly the government is talking about saffron terrorism.
this is a new trick to declare hindus as terrorist and divert peoples attention from scams and corruptions, uddhav said.
he also expressed doubt over implementation of ministry of environments recommendation to demolish the controversial adarsh building.
the government should demolish the building.
environment minister ramesh is saying so today,but tomorrow he may change.
the people are so much fed up with corruption that they will themselves demolish it, he said.
nda convener sharad yadav said only congress party is against setting up of joint parliamentary committee to probe the scams,as its allies including railway minister mamta banerjee and agriculture minister sharad pawar were agreeing to the oppositions demand.
prime minister narendra modi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
(source: pti) prime minister narendra modi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
(source: pti)prime minister narendra modi today dedicated 1980 mw of the koradi super-critical thermal power project of state-run mahagenco near nagpur in maharashtra to the nation.
the 1,980 mw capacity includes three units of 660 mw each, which are now completely operational, marking the completion of the last phase of expansion of the project.
the plant currently has one unit of 200 mw, two units of 210 mw each and with the addition of the three units of 660 mw each, its total capacity has increased to 2,600 mw.
with this, the total generation capacity of mahagenco now stands at 12,977 mw, which includes coal-fired capacity of 9,540 mw, gas-based capacity of 672 mw, hydro-based capacity of 2,585 mw and solar capacity of 180 mw.
modi was accompanied by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, governor k vidyasagar rao, union roads and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari, union law minister ravi shankar prasad, union power minister piyush goyal, union hrd minister prakash javadekar and state energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule among others.
modi, who was in the winter capital of the state today, also paid tributes to babasaheb ambedkar at deekshabhoomi and attended the inauguration programme of various government schemes, organised by niti aayog, at the divisional sports complex, mankapur.
mcd election results 2017: (from left) arvind kejriwal of the aam aadmi party, ajay maken of the congress and manoj tiwari of the bjp.
mcd election results 2017: (from left) arvind kejriwal of the aam aadmi party, ajay maken of the congress and manoj tiwari of the bjp.
the bjp retained all the three mcd corporations after registering landslide wins.
the party made huge gains in north, south and east mcds in comparison with the 2012 results.
bjp won 181 wards while the aap and the congress secured 48 and 30 seats, respectively.
the aap failed to retain its supporters, unlike in the 2015 assembly polls.
the party blamed their poor performance on evm tampering.
the congress finished third but made reasonable gains in delhi.
delhi congress chief ajay maken resigned from his post accepting responsibility for the defeat.
results declared so far:bjp-181aap-48congress-30mcd election results 2017 highlights:6: 30 pm: everything went well, evms worked properly, says delhi state election commission after the mcd election results.
6: 10 pm: the final tally for the mcd elections is out !
bjp 181; aap 48, congress 30.
(out of 270)6: 00 pm: following the mcd elections drubbing, dilip pandey has resigned from the post of aap delhi convenor.
5: 30 pm: launching a stinging attack on aap, haryana health minister anil vij advised the arvind kejriwal-led party to swallow pills to digest its crushing defeat in the delhi mcd polls.
the election commission, along with conducting the polls, should also distribute digestive tablet so that the party which loses the polls is able to digest the defeat, he tweeted.
5:00 pm: anita tanwar from bjp wins from chattarpur by just 2 votes, closest contest this elections4:45 pm: commenting on the evm tampering row, bjp leader piyush goyal said it would be better for the opposition parties if they stop insulting peoples mandate, ani reported.
4:38 pm: i congratulate bjp on their victory in all 3 mcds.
my govt looks forward to working wid mcds for the betterment of delhi, kejriwal wrote on twitter.
4:31 pm: policies of bjp under leadership of pm narendra modi ji have overwhelming support from all sections of the society, jaitley said while reflecting on the bjps impressive show in the mcd elections.
4:30 pm:congratulations to people of delhi, @bjp4india karyakartas & supporters for the emphatic victory of bjp in the #mcdelections2017  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) april 26, 20174:20 pm: taking an apparent dig at the aap, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said bjps impressive performance in the mcd polls is a lesson for those crying foul over evms and asked it to respect peoples mandate.
3:50 pm: gurjeet kaur (11596 votes) from bjp wins bhajan pura with a margin of just 58 votes.
3:40 pm: geeta rawat from aap wins from vinod nagar with a margin of just 151 votes, congress stands second.
3:39 pm: north mcd results : bjp  61, aap  18, inc  13, independent  2, results for 8 (bjp leading in 3) more seats awaited.
3:33 pm: we dedicate this win to crpf jawans of sukma encounter, says bjp delhi chief manoj tiwari over delhi mcd election 2017.
3:00 pm: senior congress leader & aicc general secretary gurudas kamat resigns from all party posts.
14.
40 pm: p c chako adds: both of us (i and maken) in a way failed in our responsibility, party should have opportunity to put things in order and improve situation.
14.
25 pm: after delhi congress chief ajay maken resigned from his post, now pc chacko has offered to resign as congress delhi in-charge, news agency ani reported.
13.
55 pm: prime minister narendra modi thanked delhi for putting faith in the bjp.
he also lauded the hard work of the party workers for ensuring a resounding win in the mcd polls.
grateful to the people of delhi for the faith in bjp.
i laud the hardwork of team @bjp4delhi which made the resounding mcd win possible, modi tweeted.
13.
38 pm: will the mcd results set the stage for a clash between arvind kejriwal and manoj tiwari?
read more13.
30 pm: anti-corruption crusader anna hazare on aaps rout in mcd polls: kathni aur karni mein antar pad gaya hai.
13.
25 pm: manoj tiwari added: aap should let us work now, they should respect the verdict and give us the expected financial support.
13.
20 pm: delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari credited prime minister narendra modi for bjps sweep of mcd polls.
addressing a pressconference, tiwari attacked delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
every day the chief ministers speeches are spreading the stink of negativity.
i am happy that people of delhi have rejected such people, he said.
13.
15 pm: in daryaganj ward, congress candidate yasmin kidwai scraps through; wins by a mere 59 votes.
the party has also won in jhilmil ward in east delhi.
12.
40 pm: aap sought votes in the name of arvind kejriwal.
this was a referendum against him.
the people have rejected him.
he must step down: bjp leader arvinder lovely.
12.
35 pm: results declared so far: bjp (84), aap (21) and congress (15) across delhi.
12.
30 pm: bjp rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy, a leader who rose to prominence during the emergency, calls for fresh elections in delhi.
speaking with news agency ani, swamy said: think president should dismiss delhi govt order fresh elections.
aap support has evaporated.
it was done in 1977, sc also upheld it.
12.
25 pm: now, aap mla from chandini chowk alka lamba offers to resign after the party lost all three wards in the assembly constituency.
12.
20 pm: here is the poll arithmetic: bjp (182), aap (47), congress (30), others (11).
12.
15 pm: sitting congress councillor abhishek dutt wins andrews ganj in the south.
inld candidate neelam wins in dichaon kalan.
12.
00 pm: candidates belonging to the sp and bsp have registered wins.
sps deepak mehra won in ghuman hera and bsps shakila begum won in seelampur.
11.
55 am: here is a complete list of winners for delhi mcd elections 2017:# bazar sita ram in north delhi seeing closest contest: seema tahira from inc leads by just 36 votes ; aap at second position# north mcd results : bjp  61, aap  18, inc  13, independent  2, results for 8 (bjp leading in 3) more seats awaited# meena devi, independent defeats bjp candidate by 327 votes from najafgarh constituency.
# gurjeet kaur (11596 votes) from bjp wins bhajan pura with a margin of just 58 votes.
# geeta rawat from aap wins from vinod nagar with a margin of just 151 votes, congress stands second.
# neeta bisht (bjp) wins sadatpur in east.
defeats the congress candidate in the ward by over 7000 votes.
# bjps sunita wins karampura in the congress mandeep shokeen wins laxmi park in the north.
# bjps meenakshi wins in kohat enclave.
defeats the aap candidate by over 5000 votes.
# bjp secures paschimvihar and nangloi jat and karampura in the north.
# congress wins in jama masjid.
# kamaljeet sehrawat wins dwarka b for bjp.
# parveen kumar wins in sitapuri for aap with.
margin of over 2000 votes.
# khanpur bjp candidate suresh kumar gupta wins with a margin of 6000 votes.
# aaps manoj kumar tyagi wins in khajoori khas (east) with over 2000 votes.
# priya chandela  congress  wins khyala in the south.
# sushila khorwal wins in dev nagar for the congress.
# independent meena devi wins in najafgarh.
# sitting congress councillor abhishek dutt wins andrews ganj in the south.
# inld candidate neelam wins in dichaon kalan.
# congress candidate yasmin kidwai wins daryaganj ward by a mere 59 votes# congress wins jhilmil in east delhi.
# radhika abrol marks another bjp win in safdarjung enclave.
defeats aaps sarita by over 5000 votes.
11.
50 am: maken adds: if we compare the previous elections our party has gained the most.
our workers have put in a lot of effort.
our vote share has increased.
11.
40 am: ajay maken offers to step down after poor showing in the mcd polls: in the assembly and lok sabha polls we did not win any seats.
we fought the mcd polls on issues.
congress has made a reasonable comeback in delhi.
we have begun to retain our core voters.
we couldnt fulfill our expectations, we could have performed better.
i am offering to step down as delhi congress chief.
for one year i will not take up any post in the party, will work as a party worker, he said.
11.
35 am: bjp president amit shah is addressing a press conference at the party headquarters: people across the country have accepted the leadership of pm modi.
uttar pradesh, goa, manipur and, now, delhi has given a clear mandate for pm modis policies, he said.
11.
30 am: bjp win impossible without evm tampering: manish sisodia.
11.
25 am: bjp national president amit shah congratulates delhi unit chief manoj tiwari and bjp workers for retaining all the mcds.
in a series of tweets he said, shah attributed the victory to pm narendra modis policies.
11.
20 am: this is how union minister dr harsh vardhan summed up the mcd results in a series of tweets:# people have expressed faith in bjp policies &leadership ofpm modi.
people have rejected aap becos it betrayed them- beginning of end for aap.
# todays #mcdresults lay to rest all tall claims of governance in delhi by aap.
its clear theyve done nothing except their whiny blame game.
# when delhi was reeling under chikungunya, all ministers of aap ran away on vacations.
#mcdresults is what delhi thinks of that buffoonery.
# when you abuse the pm, youre not abusing a political party but entire 125 crore people of the country.
and this is how people reply, mr ak.
11.
15 am: here is a round up of the results: bjp (179), aap (46), congress (29).
north mcd: bjp (34), aap (21), congress (16)east mcd: bjp (46,) aap (9), congress (3)south mcd: bjp (69), aap (17), congress (10)11.
09 am: our correspondent, naveed iqbal, tracking the results from the counting booths says the bjps satpal kharwal wins vishnu garden with a margin of 1760 votes.
also, congress sultana abad takes the lead over aaps hameeda at jama masjid.
11.
05 am: delhi deputy chief minister, manish sisodia joins the chorus against faulty evms. after losing the 2009 elections, the bjp researched on the evms for 5 years and gained expertise.
now, they are using the same to win elections, sisodia tweeted.
he adds: evm tampering is a bitter reality that could be easily ridiculed.
but we will not stay silent with the fear of being ridiculed.
11.
00 am: it is no different at the aap camp either.
10.
55 am: the mood at the congress camp.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal) (source: express photo by tashi tobgyal)10.
50 am: aap wins shakurpur ward in north delhi, defeating the congress candidate by over 1300 votes.
the party is currently leading in jama masjid.
the bjp is leading chandni chowk.
the partys sandeep kapoor won krishna nagar (21 e) in east with a margin of over 9000 votes.
read | bjp victory is evm wave, not modi wave, says aaps gopal rai10.
45 am: union minister nitingadkari gadkari takes a dig at the aap.
winning and losing is a part of democracy, one must accept mandate of the people with maturity, he told news agency ani.
10.
40 am: sheila dikshit on the congress campaign: we should have aggressively campaigned for the mcd polls, i did not take part in the campaigning as i wasnt asked by anyone.
on evmsthe election commission and the government needs to clear the confusion surrounding the evms. whosoever loses allege that the evms are faulty, those who win claim they are alright.
10.
35 am: former delhi chief minister sheila dikshit on the congress performance in the mcd polls: every time we lose we get to learn something new.
a deserted congress office in delhi.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal) a deserted congress office in delhi.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal)read | aap leader ashutosh says evm tampering behind bjp performance10.
30 am: here is a recap of the numbers: bjp retains all three corporations, aap in second and congress third.
10.
25 am: bjp supporters flash victory signs in delhi.
(source: express photo by renuka puri) (source: express photo by renuka puri)10.
20 am: the bjp have dedicated their victory in the mcd polls to sukma martyrs.
around 40-50 such posters have cropped up across the city.
earlier, delhi unit chief manoj tewari told the indian express that the party will not be celebrating their sweep in respect to the jawans who laid down their lives in sukma on monday.
(source: express photo by pragya kaushika) (source: express photo by pragya kaushika)10.
15 am: arvind kejriwals media adviser nagendar sharma, hinting at evm tampering, tweeted that the human will has no relevance when machines are with you.
sweeping delhi mcd polls without sweeping delhis streets for a decade.
when machines are with you human will is of no relevance.
nagendar sharma (@sharmanagendar) april 26, 201710.
10 am: senior aap leader ashutosh questions bjp success in mcd polls.
tell me one thing the bjp has done in delhi.
it has ruined the mcd.
still bjp wants to tell the whole world it is winning , he said.
highlighting the good work done by the aap government in delhi, ashutosh spoke about instances of alleged corruption by the bjp in the mcd.
10.
05 am: with senior aap leaders in a huddle at kejriwals residence, delhi minsiter gopal rai, speaking to reporters, blamed faulty evms for the bjps sweep of the mcd elections.
yeh modi lehar nahi hai, evm lehar hai, he said.
10.
00 am: it appears the congress has put on a strong showing in the north mcd, a region in which it drew a blank during the 2015 assembly polls and the 2014 lok sabha polls.
aap has been relegated to a distant third in the north.
congress is also giving aap a tough fight in south and east.
9.
55 am: with aap failing to secure a win in any of the three municipal corporations, party leaders are currently meeting at delhi cm and party chief arvind kejriwals house.
deputy cm manish sisodia was already at kejriwals residence ahead of counting.
delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari has said kejriwal has no basis to continue as cm as the mcd results clearly indicate that the people of delhi want a change, he says.
9:52 am: the aap may be behind the congress in the overall ward count but it is in second spot behind the bjp in both the north and south corporations.
the results nevertheless are a setback for arvind kejriwal and the other leaders of aap.
9:50 am: did the defection by top leaders in the delhi congress affect its prospects?
speaking to ndtv, party leader kiran walia said: i dont think recent defections have cost the party.
workers have been very angry with such people.
the party, however, is likely to go back to its war-room and introspect on why they failed to secure a decent figure.
9:45 am: so will we see a manoj tiwari vs arvind kejriwal for the cms job in 2020?
tiwari says on india today that the next chief minister must be from the bjp.
he also says kejriwal must resign taking moral responsibility for the partys imminent defeat.
9:42 am: so we have the first result in, bjp candidate in janakpuri west has emerged victorious.
9:40 am: just to recap for you the results of the mcd elections in 2012.
the bjp had then won 59 seats in north delhi, 44 in south delhi and 35 seats in east delhi.
congress had managed to win 77 seats while bsp 15 seats in three civic bodies.
the bjp has been in power for the last decade9:35 am: swaraj abhiyan chief yogendra yadav had this to say on the mcd election results day: mcd has been hugely corrupt and inefficient.
peoples choices are  a chief minister they have come to dislike and a pm they currently like.
he was speaking to ndtv.
he conceded that the results by the exit polls were right adding that it was evident the bjp is headed for a big win.
9:30 am: right now, the congress is in second spot even though the aap is not very far away.
both parties seem to be fighting for the second spot.
for the congress, pushing the aap to the third spot would be a shot in the arm.
9:27 am: delhi bjp president manoj tiwari would be quite happy with this result considering that he was brought in as unit chief just a few months ago.
he had predicted a clean sweep for the party in all three corporations which certainly look probable now.
tiwari, the mp from north east delhi, is a popular singer and actor in the bhojpuri film industry.
9:25 am: manoj tiwari to the indian express | no celebrations for the prospective victory as we are sad because of sukhma incidents that claimed lives of jawans.
9:23 am: the trends across all television channels are now quite uniform and indicate the pattern that we have been seeing in the last hour.
the bjp is not facing any competition either from the congress or the aap.
if these trends hold, it will get a clean majority in all the 3 corporations.
the congress is sitting in the second position in the south mcd and the east mcd.
9.
20 am: is it time for a rethink in the delhi congress?
news reports say that the sheila dikshit camp is all set to take on the maken-led delhi congress leadership if it fails to maintain its second spot.
ajay maken faced heavy criticism for his failure to keep the delhi congress flock united.
top leaders including former delhi congress chief arvinder lovely quit the party days before the polls.
9:10 am: a little after 9 am, these are the trends coming in, according to india today tv.
the bjp is leading in 187 wards, the congress in 41, the aam aadmi party in 35.
while theres little doubt that the bjp is sweeping the polls, the battle now appears to be between the congress and the aap for second place.
can congress maintain its lead?
in just about two hours from now we will have the final results of the municipal elections.
8:58 am: the only corporation where the bjp is facing some competition is the east corporation.
both the congress and the aam aadmi party are fighting for the second spot there.
remember, in 2015, the aap had done really well in the east sweeping all the seats there.
patparganj is also the constituency of deputy chief minister manish sisodia.
if the aap does not do well in the east, it could point to an erosion in its popularity in the city ahead of crucial assembly elections in 2020.
8:50 am: the bjp is at its best in the south corporation with leads in 74 out of the 104 wards.
8:45 am: overall trends right now, according to india today (these are leads)bjp  184cong  41aap  418:40 am: in east and south corporations, the congress is in the second spot behind the bjp, india today tv reports.
the trend in najafgarh below.
independent candidate vandana dabas leading in najafgarh in the south.
@indianexpress  naveed iqbal (@naveediqbal) april 26, 20178:35 am: the bjps gains are uniform across the 3 corporations.
in all of them, their leads are now over the half-way mark.
so the party can rejoice at the moment.
however, the exit poll projections that predicted a near rout for the aap seems to be proved wrong.
both the aap and the congress are actually doing much better than how they were predicted to perform.
8:30 am: so we can now give the ward-wise leads across the three corporations, courtesy our on-the-ground reporter naveed iqbal.
congress is leading in subhash nagar and vikas nagar in south delhi.
aap leading in nihal vihar and timarpur in north delhi.
munirka, rohini, paschim vihar are some of the wards where the bjp is winning.
8:24 am: so the impact of the resounding wins the bjp recorded in nearby uttar pradesh is clearly reflecting in delhi at the moment.
the bjp is racing ahead of the congress and the aap in the civic corporation with leads in 120 out of the 270 wards.
if these trends continue, it is clear the aap is losing its influence in the only state it controls in the country.
8:20 am: according to the trends put out by india today tv, the bjp has uniform leads over its opponents across all the three corporations.
in north delhi, it has leads in 32 out of 103 wards, in south, it has 16 leads out of 104 wards and in east, it has 28 out of 63 wards.
remember, there are 2 wards where polling was not held due to death of candidates.
8:07 am: since the polled votes were just half of the overall electorate, the trends across the three corporations are coming in quite fast.
right now, the bjp has leads in 32 wards, congress in 9 wards and aap in 6 wards.
clearly, the saffron party has taken a giant leap over its opponents.
8:02 am: so the counting process has begun.
initial trends will come soon and will be an indicator to what is going to happen.
8:00 am: prayers are always important before election results.
here, manoj tiwari is offering his prayers to the gods.
bjp delhi chief manoj tiwari offers prayers ahead of counting of votes for #delhimcdelection2017 pic.
twitter.com/kqxtvauayq  ani (@ani_news) april 26, 20177:55 am: this is the first time the nota option was available to the voters for civic elections in delhi.
so it will be interesting how many votes have been polled for nota.
7:45 am: this is the scene outside the rk puram counting centre.
counting of votes for delhi municipal polls to begin shortly #delhimcdelections2017 (visuals from outside counting centre in rk puram sec-3) pic.
twitter.com/szmv1ur5g5  ani (@ani_news) april 26, 20177:40 am: 20 minutes to go for counting of votes to begin.
7:20 am: to give our readers a backgrounder on the counting set up in the national capital, there will be 35 centres for counting, 16 of which are in north delhi, 13 in south delhi and six in east delhi.
remember, these are the three corporations that together make up the municipal corporation of the city.
there are 272 wards in all.
90,000 security personnel are being deployed across the counting centres to keep an eye on any probable inter-party violence.
7:15 am: welcome to the live blog where we track all the updates from the delhi municipal corporation election results.
these elections, held once every five years, are crucial to understanding where the citys political sympathies lie ahead of the parliamentary elections in 2019.
b'new delhi: senior samajwadi party leader and rajya sabha mp naresh agarwal being welcomed by union minister piyush goyal as he joins bjp at party headquarters in new delhi on monday.
(pti photo) new delhi: senior samajwadi party leader and rajya sabha mp naresh agarwal being welcomed by union minister piyush goyal as he joins bjp at party headquarters in new delhi on monday.
(pti photo)minutes after he joined the bjp, rajya sabha mp naresh agrawal monday was at the centre of a storm after saying he joined the party because he was bypassed for somebody who danced and worked in films referring to actor-turned-politician jaya bachchan.
agrawal drew sharp criticism from the bjp including external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who said his remarks were improper and unacceptable.
agrawal quit the samajwadi party and formally joined the bjp in new delhi after he lost out his rajya sabha re-nomination to bachchan.
agrawals term as rajya sabha member ends on april 2.
read | rajya sabha polls: naresh agarwal joining bjp spoils sp, bsps numbers game; heres howaddressing a press conference in the presence of union minister piyush goyal at the bjp headquarters in new delhi, agrawal said: aur filmon mein kaam karnewali se meri haisiyat kar di gayi.
ye filmon mein dance karte, apna role karte, unke naam par hamara ticket kata gaya, mein ne isko bahut uchit nahin samjha.
kisi ne bhi isko uchit nahin samjha.
(my status has been equated with women who work in films.
for somebody who used to dance in films, act in films, i was denied a (rajya sabha) ticket.
i did not find it appropriate.
nobody found it appropriate).
while the bjp distanced itself from his remarks, swaraj took to twitter: shri naresh agrawal has joined bhartiya janata party.
he is welcome.
however, his comments regarding jaya bachchan ji are improper and unacceptable.
read | naresh agarwals naachney wali jibe at jaya bachchan upsets bjp: but its nothing new for himbjp spokesperson sambit patra, who was at the press conference, picked up the microphone immediately after agrawal concluded his brief speech.
before i request piyush goyalji to hand over the membership to him, i would like to clarify one thing from this platform: whether it is a film star or just a party worker, everyone is respected.
bjp respects everyone.
we respect all, he said.
according to goyal, patra had already discussed the issue with bjp leaders including party chief amit shah.
read | denied rajya sabha ticket, naresh agarwal dumps samajwadi party for bjpbut the damage was done.
social media was abuzz with vehement criticism against agrawal, who often courted controversy with his remarks inside and outside parliament.
bjp leaders admitted that the party was deeply embarrassed by his remarks and that it has taken the sheen off the partys excitement over his shift to the bjp.
goyal, in the press conference, had also explained how the bjp would benefit from the clever leadership of agrawal.
according to agrawal, he had joined the bjp because he was impressed by the partys work and the leadership of both prime minister narendra modi and shah.
whatever work the bjp gives me i will accept.
we will do seva for the bjp.
i promise to deliver fully, he said.
he claimed that the people of his community  baniya (vaishya)  supported the bjp and would appreciate his move.
agrawal also said his son and sp mla in up, nitingadkari , would vote in favour of the bjp in the rajya sabha elections.
this could derail the calculations of the sp-bsp-congress for the rs polls in up.
in order to send two candidates, the combine needs 74 votes and the sp has 47 including agrawals mla son nitingadkari , the bsp has 19 and the congress has seven.
this makes 73.
but even if the rlds single mla votes for their candidate, the two candidates will find it hard to win if nitingadkari votes against them.
the bjp monday fielded 11 candidates for the 10 rajya sabha seats in up.
obsession with numbers is natural, but pointless.
having travelled around the country this time, i can tell you that anyone who predicts a number with any certainty is a charlatan, said ruchir sharma at the express adda wednesday evening.
advertisingthe author and global investor, fresh from his 28th election trip, was making the case for the ongoing lok sabha elections being the most unpredictable anyones ever seen in this country so far.
as i said, a difference of one per centone per cent to the left, one per cent to the right, and the entire outcome is different, he said.
lok sabha elections 2019: polling schedule, results date, constituency-wise election results, key candidatessharma was summing up his main argument of the evening: indias democracy is robust and thriving precisely because it remains difficult to predict the results even in an election where the incumbent government is fighting from an extremely strong position.
advertisinghe said that while it may seem like the government in power has incredible advantages at its disposal, including a hold over various state institutions, the outcome of the elections remains far from obvious.
by most estimates, the bjp is outspending the congress by 5 to 10 times.
most people have this perception that the incumbent always comes back to power but most incumbents in india lose elections, he said.
at the end of the day, if the voter wants the government to lose, then the government loses.
this is such a reaffirming fact about the state of democracy in this country.
for over two decades, sharma has made a practice of travelling around india before any major assembly or general election and, based on his observations from his most recent trip, he said the country has never been as polarised as it is right now.
i dont think this country has been as polarised at a caste level, a religion level, a region level and a leader level as it is now, he said.
by the end of the trip, there was one big frustration, when we tried to ask voters who they would vote for.
it was so simple  once you got their surname, you knew exactly who they are going to vote for.
there is absolutely no debate about that.
according to sharma, instead of being in the post-caste world that everyone had hoped for, we are now in a post-truth world, where everyone makes their own list of the facts as it suits them.
in up, when you ask an upper caste or non-dalit obc or non-jatav scheduled caste person who they will vote for, the answer is (prime minister narendra) modi.
if you ask a yadav, a muslim or a jatav, without a shadow of a doubt, the answer is mahagathbandhan.
sharma argued that even when it came to issues, voters were cherry-picking facts to suit their biases.
a person voting for bjp will tell you how good the last five years have been.
they will say that we have been given toilets  they call them izzat ghar  we have got electricity, better roads, national security.
ask the same question to a yadav, muslim or jatav, and they will say the exact opposite.
so what exactly is the truth?
thats what i find amazing, this election there are no issues, because issues have been decided by your caste, he said.
stating that no single factor can decidedly predict the outcome of these elections, sharma used priyanka gandhis appointment as eastern ups congress general secretary as a case in point.
one thing we cant fathom is what effect priyanka gandhi is having.
people are saying, inhone murda party ko zinda kar diya (she has brought a dead party back to life) and yet we dont see many people talking about the congress.
i think if bjp ends up winning, they can virtually send a thank you card to her.
because if by chance the congress has a meaningful vote share increase, it will come from the mahagatbandhans vote bank.
and if it doesnt happen, and mahagathbandhan has the edge, how do you predict that?
how do you know?
her entry may have helped congress at the margin, but it could end up swinging the election the bjps way.
its such a hard election to call, he said.
sharma is the author of breakout nations: in pursuit of the next economic miracles (2012) and the rise and fall of nations: ten rules of change in the post-crisis world (2016).
he writes regularly for the wall street journal, the financial times, foreign affairs among other publications.
he was one of foreign policys top 100 global thinkers in 2012 and bloomberg markets 50 most influential thinkers in 2015.
at the express adda, sharma was in conversation with anant goenka, executive director of the express group, and vandita mishra, nation opinion editor of the indian express.
advertisingthe express adda is a series of informal interactions organised by the indian express group and features those at the centre of change.
past guests at the event include the dalai lama, economist and nobel laureate amartya sen, union minister nitingadkari gadkari, filmmaker karan johar, punjab chief minister amarinder singh, writer amitav ghosh, and oncologist and author siddhartha mukherjee.
prime minister narendra modis office has intimated the rashtrapati bhavan that the cabinet expansion will take place tuesday.
prime minister narendra modis office has intimated the rashtrapati bhavan that the cabinet expansion will take place tuesday.
prime minister narendra modi will on tuesday reshuffle his council of ministers at a ceremony to be held at rashtrapati bhavan.
the function, on tuesday, will take place at 11 am, days ahead of pm modis four-nation tour of africa.
the reshuffle is important as the government needs to fill vacancies before the commencement of the monsoon session of parliament that begins july 18.
according to sources, with elections in uttar pradesh due in march next year, the reshuffle is expected to boost several leaders from the bjp, and its allies in uttar pradesh.
watch video: whats making newsapna dal leader anupriya patel and bjp mp from saharnapur raghav lakhanpal are likley to be among the fresh faces in the cabinet.
last week, the prime minister and bjp president amit shah had a closed-door meeting that lasted over three hours where it was understood that the two leaders discussed the reshuffle as well as a rejig in the party organisation.
also read: amid cabinet reshuffle buzz, fadnavis, gadkari meet bhagwatinterestingly, in nagpur, the headquarters of the rss, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis as well as union minister nitingadkari gadkari separately met with organisation chief mohan bhagwat.
while it was not known what the meetings were about, sources indicate that the two leaders discussed the cabinet reshuffle both at the centre and at the state-level.
the last cabinet reshuffle took place in november 2014.
in the backdrop of a drought crisis, maharashtra topped the chart among the states for efforts in water conservation.
in the national water awards 2018, announced in new delhi on monday, maharashtra was lauded for its conservation practices along with gujarat and andhra pradesh.
advertisingthe awards were presented by nitingadkari gadkari, union minister for road transport and water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation.
maharashtra water resources regulatory authority (mwrra), pune, was adjudged the best water regulatory body in india.
similarly, mahud budruk in sangola taluka of solapur district was adjudged the best village panchayat, and won a cash prize of rs 2 lakh with a citation.
for the west zone, the award for best research or innovation or adaptation of new technology for water conservation was presented to wardha-based sadbhavana gramin vikas sanstha.
the team got a cash award of rs 1 lakh.
advertisinginfamous for being one of the most parched regions in the country, latur district won the first prize (west zone) for its steps towards revival of rivers.
the second position in this category went to wardha district.
the sc girls government residential school in latur also won a cash award of rs 1.
5 lakh and a citation for becoming the best school (west zone) in water conservation.
while beed district has topped the list in (west zone) for best district rejuvenation or creation of water bodies category, ahmednagar district won the first prize (west zone) for excellent efforts towards groundwater recharge.
this is not the first time the election commission has removed officers in the interest of a free and fair election.
before the 2007 assembly polls,it had removed then chief secretary n c vajpayee,principal secretary (home) s k agarwal and dgp bua singh,following complaints that they were biased towards samajwadi party.
after the bsps grand victory,chief minister mayawati and bsp general secretary s c mishra had visited the ec headquarters in delhi and expressed gratitude for holding impartial elections.
now,the same party has described the latest move of the ec to shift cms favourite officers  principal secretary (home) kunwar fateh bahadur and dgp brij lal  as anti-dalit.
actually,the commission this time has dealt with the matter gracefully.
instead of making an announcement,the commission conveyed its decision quietly to the government.
it was mishra who made it public when he criticised the commission at a press conference late on saturday evening.
interestingly,fateh bahadur continues to remain principal secretary (appointments) where he will be responsible for sending panels of ias officers to ec for making future postings during the elections.
better late than nevermost ips officers see the appointment of atul as new dgp,on the order of the ec,as justice done to an upright officer.
on august 31 last year,tv channels had reported his appointment as dgp following the retirement of karamvir singh.
he was flooded with congratulatory messages and telephone calls.
within an hour,however,the government said that it had,actually,decided to give additional charge of dgp to the then dg of pac r k tiwari.
for atul,the wait of a little over four months has been worthwhile.
once bitten,twice shythe squabble over mayawatis former family welfare minister babu singh kushwahas induction has stalled the entry of some other tainted men in the bjp.
among them are sacked minister rakesh dhar tripathi and jailed mp dhananjay singh.
the bjp had almost decided to give the party ticket to tripathi.
state party secretary pankaj singh and mla seema dwivedi had met dhananjay singh in jaunpur jail and its was decided to field his wife jagriti from jaunpur sadar and his brother jitendra singh from malhani.
now,the bjp is doubly cautious.
shy somaiyabjp national secretary kirit somaiya has gone incommunicado since the storm broke over kushwahas induction.
he does not even attend his calls.
he was in lucknow on friday but stayed at an undisclosed place and didnt even visit the state bjp headquarters.
for the past several months,somaiya had been busy digging up dirt against chief minister mayawati and her government,a task for which party president nitingadkari gadkari had handpicked him.
on december 31,he had released names of several companies,saying these had been used by kushwaha to launder hush money.
he even submitted details of these companies to cbi,and the agency said it found his information useful.
now,kushwaha has requested gadkari to keep his bjp membership in abeyance until he clears his name in the nrhm scam,but somaiya is yet to be seen,or heard.
armed with promisessocial welfare minister indrajeet saroj has an unusual achievement to his credit,and he is making a unique promise to his voters.
at a public meeting in kaushambi last week,he said that people from all castes and communities were given arms licenses like revadis (sweets) during his tenure over the last five years.
he knew that still hundreds of applications were pending,but assured that if the bsp returned to power,all of them would be given arms licences.
this,when the election commission has expressed its concern over the large number of arms licences issued in up in the last three months.
in demandever since the congress gave priyanka gandhis name to the election commission as one of its star campaigners,candidates and their representatives visiting the party headquarters have been making inquiries about her tour programme.
they are also putting in requests for a visit by priyanka to their constituencies.
sources said the party had not yet received her tour programme,but she was unlikely to travel beyond amethi and rae bareli.
for this reason,the state congress unit is not even keeping a record of such requests.
in fact,it is not keeping a record of requests for rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi either,because everyone wants them.
requests for campaigning by digvijaya singh,rita bahuguna joshi,pl punia,union ministers and other leaders are,however,duly forwarded to each one of them.
b'with the mourning period over, bjp expects political discussion within pdp to start.
with the mourning period over, bjp expects political discussion within pdp to start.
maintaining it was keen to continue its coalition with the pdp in jammu and kashmir, the bjp admitted monday that there is a delay in the power-sharing arrangement.
some bjp leaders indicated that the party could seek to redefine its alliance before mehbooba mufti takes over as chief minister  her father and chief minister mufti mohammad sayeed died in new delhi on january 7 and governors rule is in place in the state.
bjp general secretary ram madhav told the indian express: there is a delay.
but the process (of discussions) could begin in two days.
we are in touch with each other.
madhav rejected speculation on uncertainty about the coalition and dismissed reports that both parties have put up fresh conditions.
he said no political discussion has started since mehbooba, who he has already met, continues to be in mourning.
the pdp also maintained that there was no deadlock.
it said the government-formation process had been delayed because mehbooba was still to come out of shock.
there is no stalemate, said altaf bukhari, a senior pdp leader who was a minister in the sayeed government.
we must understand that a daughter has lost her father and a party has lost its leader.
it may be true that in the past 20 years, we have got immune to death but we have some traditions.
it (the delay) is just normal.
pdp sources said rumours about a pdp-bjp deadlock began doing the rounds after congress president sonia gandhi called on mehbooba last sunday.
it was a condolence meeting, a senior party leader said.
the media is reading too much into it.
even the congress has clarified that is was just a condolence meeting.
sonia gandhi, accompanied by ambika soni and ghulam nabi azad, visited the fairview residence of the muftis and met mehbooba for about 20 minutes.
senior bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari too met mehbooba sunday.
senior pdp leader naeem akhtar said the party is yet to start a process for government formation in the state.
we have not discussed it yet.
when the process starts, the decision will lie with the president of the party, he said, adding that he would not like to comments on rumours of a deadlock with the bjp.
bjp sources, however, said the party wants to review some points in the common minimum programme, the roadmap prepared for the coalition and some changes in the state cabinet.
since the state is now under governors rule, there is scope for full-fledged government formation.
so the bjp and pdp to have a re-look at the cabinet, a senior bjp leader said.
what worries the bjp is also the temperament of mehbooba.
the bjp was very comfortable with mufti saab.
mehbooba is not mufti saab.
so we need to guarantee that our interests are also protected before the new government comes in, the leader said.
in the 87-member j&k house, the pdp has 28 seats (now 27 following sayeeds death), bjp 25, nc 15, congress 12 and others 7.
b'terming prime minister manmohan singhs interaction with editors as very disappointing,the bjp today accused him of trying to cover up various scams and said that coalition dharma cannot mean supporting corruption.
the prime ministers press conference was very disappointing and shows his helplessness.
coalition dharma cannot mean support to corruption.
and coalition is related only to 2g.
what is the relation between coalition and the case of isro (s-band allocation),commonwealth games and adarsh cases?
he accused the prime minister of trying to shield the corrupt.
in a way,an effort has been made to cover-up corruption.
he has accused the media and opposition of spreading misinformation while maintaining that all is well.
the bjp president termed as laughable the prime ministers charge that the bjp was attacking the government to vent its anger at the action taken against a gujarat minister (amit shah).
on jpc issue too,he (pm) has tried to blame the opposition for not allowing parliament to function.
if today the government has indicated that it is ready to think on a jpc,then why did it waste one month (winter session)?
he maintained if the prime minister is willing to depose before any parliamentary committee,then he should have agreed to a jpc probe much earlier.
why did you not agree to it (jpc) earlier?
though the bjp chief evaded questions on whether the principal opposition wanted singh to resign,he said as the captain of the team (government) he is responsible for bad performance.
gadkari alleged the prime minister had failed to check corruption in his government and was trying to indirectly shield former telecom minister a raja.
the prime minister has accepted he has completely failed to check corruption,he maintained.
to support corruption in this manner in the name of coalition dharma and to outsource a department to a coalition partner.
for the first time,pm has said all decisions taken by a raja had the support of the finance minister.
what support is there of the upa and the congress in this?
he insisted that as head of group of ministers,it was the prime ministers responsibility to check this.
was just writing a letter once (to raja) his solution?
the bjp chief said he appreciated how the prime minister has accepted his failures.
he has accepted with an open heart that he is helpless,not able to take decisions,there is pressure of coalition partners,and (he is) not able to stop this corruption.
this is a very honest expression from him.
the bjp also said the comparison of the 2-g spectrum prices with subsidy for fertilisers,gas and oil,foodgrain is unfair and maintained that 2-g spectrum allocation was not subsidy but a way of making money.
the government on wednesday said 63 clauses of motor vehicle act, which includes higher penalties for traffic violation, will be implemented from september 1.
advertisingthe bill (motor vehicles [amendment] bill, 2019) was passed (in parliament).
and we have decided to implement 63 clauses (of the act) from september 1, minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari told reporters here.
he was speaking after the launch of the new website of ministry of road transport and highways ministry.
in these 63 clauses we have increased the penalties.
in case of drunken driving, over speeding and overloading among others, the fine has been increased, the minister said.
advertisingstating that the all the clauses have been sent to the law ministry for vetting, the minister expressed hopes that they will come to us in two to four days.
pointing out that road engineering was primarily responsible for road accidents in the country, the minister said that a rs 14,000 crore project has been prepared by the government to identify accident black spots and plug gaps in highways to reduce casualties.
bharatiya janata partys national president amit shah is set to appoint a national leader to take charge of the upcoming delhi elections.
sources in the party said the names of union information technology minister ravi shankar prasad and union health minister j p nadda are doing the rounds for the post.
bjp in-charge of haryana elections, kailash vijayvargiya  now an mp from madhya pradesh  is also being considered.
the announcement is expected to be made soon, sources said.
one of the leaders will replace union minister nitingadkari gadkari  who was incharge for delhi in the last polls.
sources said the lack of leadership in the party has led the top brass to take this decision.
sources also said as shah is overseeing other states, he wants someone to take charge of delhi.
we are aware that shah is strategising for the party unit in delhi.
with our government at the centre, we cannot afford to lose delhi as it will deflate the modi wave.
this is the main reason for choosing a strong leader who will take charge of delhi, a senior leader said.
the top leadership has also decided to involve mps from every state in the campaigning.
sources said campaigning would be done during the parliaments winter session when all the mps are present in delhi.
union minister choudhary birender singh will be in charge of all jaat villages in delhi while union minister venkaiah naidu will address voters who belong to andhra pradesh.
mps from bihar and uttar pradesh will cover the localities with a majority of purvanchalis.
however, many leaders believe that it will be difficult for the mps to devote time to delhi, when the winter session is on.
meanwhile, the delhi unit has started charting out localities on the basis of population so that they can be allotted to the respective mps.
b'bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today congratulated gujarat chief minister narendra modi for the record investment in his state during the recent vibrant gujarat programme.
gadkari also lauded modi for making the state a role model of development for the country.
nitin gadkari has hailed the vibrant gujarat conclave as a phenomenal achievement and congratulated chief minister narendra modi for his wonderful performance in scaling new heights in economic growth and successfully attracting record investment to the state, bjp said in a statement.
gadkari sent a congratulatory letter to modi after the state reportedly attracted a record rs 20.
83 lakh crore investment during the vibrant gujarat programme.
he also praised the state for achieving a perfect balance in rural and urban development which has made lives more livable and added to the investment-attractiveness of the state.
we have stressed the need for setting examples in good governance in states where we are in power.
we will undertake rs 2 lakh crore projects in uttar pradesh in the next two years.
rs 60,000 crore projects are already underway, the road transport and highways and shipping minister said.
the minister also laid foundation in varanasi of three projects  rs 806 crore varanasi-jaunpur stretch on national highway no 56, rs 785 crore varanasi-ajamgarh stretch on national highway no 233 and varanasi-gazipur stretch on nh 29.
the minister said rs 868 crore would be spent on varanasi-gazipur stretch.
these highway stretches are scheduled to be completed by june 2018.
the minister also said that all efforts would be made to get the new motor bill passed in the next session of the parliament.
he said india accounts for about 500 road accidents daily and the new legislation will minimise road accidents and bring in overall reforms in the transport sector.
he said the new bill has been drafted as per the recommendations of the transport ministers from 18 states and all states have consensus on it.
the new legislation provides for heavy fines on violators of traffic rules and hefty penalty for drunk driving and various other offences.
the bill was introduced in the lok sabha in the just- concluded session of parliament.
the bjp has lined up all its union ministers, along with chief ministers, to campaign in the upcoming municipal polls.
the party has prepared a list of star campaigners which include union home minister rajnath singh, defence minister arun jaitley, information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari, along with vijay goel, jitendra singh, sanjeev balyan, smriti irani, radha mohan singh and ravi shankar prasad.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and deputy cm keshav prasad maurya, along with chhattisgarh cm raman singh, mp cm shivraj singh chouhan, uttarakhand cm trivendra singh rawat, maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis, cm assam sarbananda sonowal, jharkhand cm raghubar das, are also part of the list of star campaigners.
among other star campaigners are kalraj mishra, giriraj singh, ramesh bidhuri, maheish girri and delhi unit chief manoj tiwari.
the list sent for central leadership approval contains 53 names.
the list of campaigners will be sent to election commission for approval.
among celebrities, actress hema malini and actor ravi kishan have been listed.
earlier also, union ministers and chief ministers had campaigned for the party and it had a positive impact.
but this time, with bjp winning states, many from the up have been called in to address the population from up and bihar that constitute a significant chunk of the delhi voters.
big leaders campaigning for the party makes an impact on voters.
it makes voters believe that they are taken seriously.
if our central ministers approach people and promise development, the voter will know that party is thinking about them and their problems will be taken at the highest level, said a senior party leader.
ahead of the counting of votes thursday for the next lok sabha, the ruling bjp hosted a dinner meeting in new delhi tuesday for 36 nda partners in a show of strength.
advertisingat the meeting, prime minister narendra modi slammed the opposition for levelling allegations of evm tampering  22 opposition parties had approached the election commission earlier in the day.
lok sabha elections 2019: results, constituency-wise results, faqs, key candidates, exit pollsaccording to union home minister and senior bjp leader rajnath singh, the prime minister told the nda leaders that the mammoth election exercise could have been used for global branding of india but it was unfortunate that the opposition chose to cast aspersions on it.
advertisingthe aabhar milan, hosted by modi and bjp president amit shah for nda leaders at the ashok, was attended among others by shiv senas uddhav thackeray, jd(u) chief and bihar chief minister nitish kumar, tamil nadu chief minister and aiadmk leader edappadi k palaniswami, sad leaders parkash singh badal and sukhbir singh badal and ljp leader and union minister ram vilas paswan.
the bjp list had representatives of 36 parties present at the meeting while three parties could not make it.
the bjp described it as an occasion to thank ministers for their service to the nation ahead of the counting of votes on may 23.
in a tweet later, shah said, i congratulate team modi sarkar for their hard work and remarkable achievements in the last 5 years.
let us keep this momentum going for a new india under the leadership of pm narendra modi.
had a meeting with our esteemed nda allies, in the presence of pm shri @narendramodi ji.
i am sure, given the manner in which nda, under the premiership of shri modi, has served india in the last five years, people of our great nation will bless us again with a huge mandate.
pic.
twitter.com/ycazkhuqvu  chowkidar amit shah (@amitshah) may 21, 2019thackeray, who was abroad, returned to mumbai tuesday morning and then came to delhi.
sources said the dinner was an occasion just to express the bjps gratitude to allies for the lok sabha campaign, and there was no major political discussion since there was not much on the table to discuss before the counting.
a resolution passed at the meeting said the nda is a true representation of indias diversity and dynamism.
it is the alliance that represents the dreams and aspirations of 130 crore people.
the resolution, which listed the achievements of the nda government, also congratulated prime minister modi for pro-people initiatives.
it reiterated the commitment to double income of farmers by 2022.
quoting prime minister modi, rajnath singh said the nda has become an organic entity now.
speaking to the media, paswan said modi reminded the leaders that the coalitions main aim would be creating a new india.
earlier in the day, both modi and shah had an interaction with the union council of ministers at the bjp headquarters.
addressing them, modi likened his poll campaign to a pilgrimage because, he said, it stood out from other polls since it was being fought by the people and not the party alone.
modis remarks were conveyed to the media by union minister narendra singh tomar.
i have seen many elections but this one was beyond politics.
public was fighting them.
i have campaigned in assembly elections and undertaken political tours for the party in different elections.
when i toured during these polls, it seemed that i was on a pilgrimage, he was quoted saying by tomar.
union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, j p nadda and prakash javadekar were among the bjp leaders at the meeting.
allies paswan, harsimrat kaur badal and anupriya patel too attended the meeting.
in an attempt to put pressure on the party leadership on the issue of chief ministerial candidate,supporters of delhi bjp chief vijay goel on thursday held a show of strength at the residences of bjp president rajnath singh and delhi poll in-charge nitingadkari gadkari.
sources said no sitting mla participated in the show of strength.
among those who came out in support of goel were some district presidents,councillors,former councillors and office-bearers of the partys district units.
despite the show of strength,the partys senior leadership tried to put up a united front in the evening at a ceremony in gadkaris house,where leaders from other parties joined the bjp.
present on the occasion were aarti mehra,v k malhotra,jagdish mukhi,vijender gupta and harsh vardhan,apart from goel.
bsps delhi general secretary suman saini and rlds kishan kant were among those who joined the bjp on thursday.
on goel,he said he was a good party worker and had no allegations of corruption against him.
gadkari also praised malhotra and harsh vardhan for their leadership.
party sources,however,said the show of strength by goel was being viewed as an attempt by him to pressure the senior leadership.
according to the sources,it has also affected goels standing within the organisation as senior leaders were feeling offended by the show of strength.
they believe goel should have had faith in the leadership and concentrated on party work,the sources said.
the delhi cm candidature remains a festering issue for the bjp.
though it is goels perceived oneupmanship in projecting himself as the prime challenger to chief minister sheila dikshit,which has irked his rivals in the state unit,the fact that aaps arvind kejriwal and his party has decided to single out goel for attack and cut into bjps middle-class support base has added to the sentiments against him in the party.
rajnath singh,in this backdrop,was learnt to have entrusted gadkari and senior party leader arun jaitley to discuss the issue of the chief ministerial candidate.
but,both of them are still learnt to be undecided.
up accounts for 11,074 km of national highways including 60 newly declared stretches but a large number of projects including that for upgradation are stuck on account of delays in land acquisition, utility shifting and forest and environment clearances, among other issues.
i have asked officials to expedite projects in up on war-footing.
there are many projects where land acquisition has not been done properly.
forest environment clearance, utility shifting problems are there.
the ministry officials have been instructed to hold periodic meetings with up officials to address the land acquisition and other issues, he said.
secretary, highways, sanjay mitra; nhai chief raghav chandra and joint secretary, highways leena nandan have been asked to hold meetings with up chief secretary to expedite projects.
our rs 4,500 crore has been deposited with up collectors office for land acquisition.
these need to be expedited, the minister said.
besides, detailed project reports for another 2,519 km have been submitted and we intend to start work on these very soon, he added.
during the review, 21 of the 52 under implementation projects were identified as focus projects.
as far as land acquisition was concerned, it was felt that there is a need for expediting disbursement of compensation.
as per officials, apart from land acquisition, another major issue pertained to forest and utility shifting which was impacting projects totalling 400 km.
watch video: whats making newsbesides, delays in shifting of utilities impacted many projects that include delhi-meerut expressway package 11 and 111, six-lane greenfield delhi-meerut expressway project and varanasi-sultanpur section packages.
projects related to ram gaman marg, buddhist circuit, sethu bharatam also came up during the review.
manraj grewal: what are the powers of a member of parliament?
before elections we say, politicians say they have all the powers, they will do everything.
after elections, they say they dont have any power.
practically speaking, an mps role is not that of an executive but it shouldnt be taken as if i am somehow trying to say that i have no role to play, not owning up anything.
when i am talking of the constitutional position as such, mp has no executive powers.
his role is only that of a law maker and law makers role is very-very limited because any piece of legislation is initially prepared by the officers from legal department from his own department, then it is cleared by the cabinet and it finally comes to parliament.
mps are nominated as the chairperson of the district grievances committee where they exercise their influence and get their things done.
now when we began with this mplads, there was a debate on this issue that this scheme is actually an executive function.
rs 5 crore per year is placed at your disposal, you make a recommendation.
the deputy commissioner and others cant change it.
they have to execute it after seeing that it is done within the parameters.
i will say mps role is more of an influencer.
he may not have the power to sign something, to execute it but if the mp is desirous to get things done, he can see it through.
when i come to my own track record, even when i was in opposition during 1999 to 2004, it was atal behari vajpayees government, but i got many good projects, one was it park.
if an mp is determined, i feel he can can get more things for his constituency being in opposition than being in the government.
because then the minister will like to appease you thinking that nahi toh yeh shor machayega.
advertisingmanraj grewal: which are the major issues of chandigarh?
from number 1 position in cleanliness we have now slipped to rank 20th.
back to those times when we had nothing like this swachh survekshan, we were on number one.
the current situation is pathetic, its very unfortunate to see these results.
i promise that we will begin with scientific disposal and proper segregation of waste.
its not very big; in fact, it s very small undertaking.
keeping in main focus the garbage heap in dadumajra which is a big problem, it will be looked upon seriously.
there are ways where we can involve people.
secondly, chandigarh was already a smart city .
we should have abundance of green trees.
over the years, this has not been followed.
chandigarh is ranked on 67th number which is again a big problem for all of us to re-think.
because the tasks involved under smart city project have not been taken up.
it was a budget of rs 1,000 crore for five years.
what they did was that they made a cut on general budget and transferred that amount for smart city.
as of now, only rs 20 crore has been used, that too for a project which is a subway from sector 17 to rose garden, and i will say that this subway is a total waste of money.
they could have just installed pelican lights for the movement of pedestrians there.
remaining funds have been spent only for establishment of projects.
we need to use our funds smartly.
third, i want to restore the glory of chandigarh.
as an estimated value, there are almost one lakh seventy thousand vehicles that enter every day from adjoining towns which cause a lot of traffic congestion and thus can only be solved with metro.
on this particular point, kirron kher and i have different views because she talks about mono rail which is good for a distance of just 15-20 kilometres.
but only metro can serve the purpose.
manraj grewal: in your opinion, which mode of transport is better for chandigarh in the future: monorail or metro, and why?
monorail is not a suitable option because chandigarh gets a lot of people from the tricity while monorail will be restricted only to short distances.
it can work only in just the chandigarh zone and we need to consider chandigarh is capital of two states.
we need to think with a broader prospective, we need to provide suitable and best option for citizens.
metro can be easily accessible and its not going to harm the city as kirron kher thinks.
on the other hand, we cant think of both the options because then again it will be a mess; just one mode, that is metro, can serve the purpose.
the cost will be more but for longer duration metro will be the best.
she thinks monorail will gel with the city plan but it is always elevated and that wont suit at all.
this will somehow disturb our citys sky line.
i have given all the reports as i began my work in my regime.
the reports have been prepared, soil testing has been done.
we hardly need to disturb the entire system, we have all the facilities and technology.
it was supported by all the members initially.
she was also in favour of metro initially but then suddenly she went against it.
we have wasted a lot of time.
just because of different views, the city has been harmed.
in the last five years, they have done nothing but just talked about not to have a metro.
advertisingsofi ahsan: what are your views on the budget allocation for chandigarh in the last few years?
i will specify that the budget allocation to chandigarh has been squeezed all these years.
the last budget that upa government presented was rs 813 crore on the planned side.
that was the interim budget for year 2014-15.
the new government had the chance to modify it.
planned budget is where you get new projects for the city.
but when they [bjp] came in, they revised this budget and brought it down to rs 610 crore.
so, there was a cut of almost rs 200 crore in the first year itself.
in the next year, the actual amount spent was rs 403 crore.
so, that means more than half of the initial budget amount proposed by us, was knocked of.
the point is that till this day, even after five years, we havent reached that figure of rs 813 crore.
in 2018-19, the revised budget was rs 505 crore.
and, it has a telling effect on all the infrastructure here in the city.
we talked of mini-buses, but have not got them yet.
we dont have full staff.
we have dispensaries but dont have doctors.
we dont have teachers in schools, nor principals in colleges.
sukhbir siwach: what are the options for enhancing road connectivity between chandigarh and panchkula, which is not as good as it is between chandigarh and mohali?
i agree we have good connectivity between mohali and chandigarh but not the same with panchkula.
there are three options but like hallomajra, new link road and other one, the fourth one, is still not a very good option via manimajra.
the other one which is still under discussion is across railway station and that can be possible when we have world class railway station.
there has to be proper management before this execution.
we need more alternative routes.
what are your views on it?
please ask him [nitin gadkari] about fares for bullet train as well.
i had chosen the best option for chandigarh that was afternoon shatabdi instead of double decker.
manraj grewal: how long will this metro project take?
normally the metro project takes 11 -12 years but chandigarh is not so expanded.
thus it will hardly take six-seven years here.
we have already wasted so many years to decide if metro or monorail is better for chandigarh.
our city wont have a lot of lines [metro tracks].
we have plans for basic two lines [metro tracks] which can solve the purpose.
we can keep on expanding subsequently, according to requirement of the city.
sukhbir siwach: stray dog menace is a problem in chandigarh.
what solution do you have to curb it?
i will stop it.
all we need to do is, take up the issue and start working.
i have also mentioned this in my manifesto.
saurabh prashar: navjot kaur sidhu was also among the aspirants as partys nominee from chandigarh.
she was not chosen.
will she be campaigning for you?
she will surely come as you know navjot singh sidhu was there with us recently.
at present, she has been assigned duty in bathinda but i will like her to come and campaign here in chandigarh, too.
manraj grewal: what is your take on drugs menace in chandigarh?
it is said it exists mainly because it involves those in power and the nexus behind this.
what are the measures you will suggest?
the nexus is not on the high level but yes, they do contribute to it  drug peddlers, police and local politicians.
they (who) are in contact with main leaders.
this has to be dealt with.
we are sometimes not aware and they get support, so that is not something which we can neglect.
two main reasons are jobless people and the drug mafia.
there are instances wherein people in colonies purchase cheaper liquor in bulk and then sell it in their respective colonies at marginally high price.
this is one of the manners in which they are contributing to the drug menace.
such practices are rising at a high speed and we need to stop it soon.
varinder bhatia: what is your vision on job creation in chandigarh?
it park provided a lot of jobs, but i learnt that most of the companies have shifted to mohali.
at that time when it park came up, i remember 51,000 jobs that it park created.
we need to look up in it sector for more generation and then at hospitality sector.
in our manifesto, we have mentioned that the companies will be given incentive on the level of jobs they create.
government cannot just offer jobs.
we need to create more jobs.
it was promised that after demonetisation, more jobs will be created but there were no such results.
the year 2017-18 has the highest rate of unemployment as compared to the last 45 years.
in 2011, 2.
7 per cent unemployment rate was registered, while last year it was 6.
1 per cent.
with the increasing population, there is also an increase in jobless people.
saurabh parashar: when you lost 2014 polls, two main factors were attributed to it: one was railgate and another was aam aadmi party.
do you agree?
there was a time when i didnt choose to answer this but now i want to explain in full detail.
i made all my points absolutely clear within two months on the case that is termed railgate.
if there had been any victim of this case, then its only me.
it was an allegation by a person who is a senior most officer who asked for promotion that i denied as there was no vacancy for such post.
but it was used against me only to destroy my image and get me into trouble.
i have devoted myself for [social] service.
now its election time.
they [other political parties] have nothing against me, so this is the only thing they can raise against me.
if you talk about aap, partys candidate that time [gul panag] was a craze among youngsters.
university students and youth could then relate to her more, but it is not the case this time.
aap is not in the race this time.
the contest is between bjp and congress this time.
manraj grewal: candidates make promises, but is there any mechanism where the comman man can hold candidates accountable for all their promises?
i have a complete check list of kirron kher that includes 65 points and most of these have not been fulfilled.
during the tenure of mp, neither people nor government can be held for any accountability.
we dont have that mechanism but people do judge you by the promises you made and what you have delivered.
hina rohtaki: there is a flyover all set to come up on dakshin marg.
will it solve traffic congestion?
personally i am not in favour of flyovers for chandigarh.
i would rather prefer underpasses, just the way they have in delhi.
but the flyover that is proposed will shift the traffic congestion from tribune chowk to some other point.
it would have been better if it was up to zirakpur.
that would have solved the problem in a better manner.
advertisingjagdeep singh: what will be your action plan for improving law and order situation in chandigarh?
i would say that the police have been demoralised because of lack of promotions as compared to punjab and haryana.
bringing police officers from delhi has also demoralised our forces.
law and order situation in the city has deteriorated.
women cant move out.
chains are being snatched in broad daylight.
there is a set norm of people coming to chandigarh from punjab and haryana in the ratio of 60:40.
but the first preference should be given to ut cadre.
all the people who are eligible for promotion, vacancies should be filled with them.
then the remaining seats can be filled with officers from punjab and haryana.
senior bjp leader shatrughan sinha feels the timing of the partys failed campaign to hoist the national flag in srinagar was not appropriate and that the advice given by key ally jd(u) leader nitish kumar to desist from that was valid.
the former union minister also felt that the party should reconsider the issue of continuance of karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa who is facing charges of irregularities.
in an interaction with journalists,sinha said the bjp has been able corner the government on major issues of corruption like those related to 2g spectrum allocation,cwg and adarsh housing society and nothing should be done to dilute that.
when you have a potent issue like jpc into the 2g spectrum scam in handit was not politically good time (to go for the tiranga yatra)it would have been better if it had not happened now, said the actor-politician while giving his frank views.
asked whether he had given any advice to the party leaders not to undertake the ekta yatra,he referred to the valid suggestion given by nitish kumar in this regard.
he said the party should continue the fight for jpc probe into corruption cases with greater zeal in a focussed manner and contended that the next two months would be crucial to determine which way things go.
targeting prime minister manmohan singh,he said his personal image was saving him so far but his ineffectiveness was getting exposed.
the prime minister is politically trapped and there seems to be no escape route, he said.
criticising the prime ministers offer to appear before parliaments public accounts committee in 2g case,sinha felt it was a clever tactic by singh as he was aware the the committee did not have powers to call even an mp,leave alone the prime minister.
maintaining that the deficiencies in governance could be exposed only by a jpc and not the pac which only deals with accounts,the bjp mp said singh cannot choose the forum where to appear.
he said february-march would be the deciding months in the indian politics and which side we are heading and who will be leading usanything can happen,he said.
asked whether nitish kumar could emerge as the most likely choice of the opposition for the next prime ministerial candidate,sinha did not rule it out.
as regards yeddyurappa,who is in the eye of a storm for violating rules to allocate prime plot of land to his sons in bangalore,sinha felt it would be better for the party to nip in the bud the problem at a time when it was projecting a high moral ground on corruption.
there is no comparison between 2g scam,cwg scam and adarsh scam with the allegations being levelled against yeddyurappa.
but one should not talk in the language of small thieves and big thieves, the bjp mp said and agreed that the chief minister should step down.
he went on to add that bjp president nitingadkari gadkari was dealing with the issue and hoped that some solution would emerge soon.
on his own position within bjp,the actor-politician said he has to always fight on two fronts  one against opposition and another within the party.
asked whether he was feeling slighted that he had not been given any responsible post in the party,the shotgun remarked,i have no complaint or expectation although i have not been given any post despite gadkari being a family friend.
he,however,expressed disappointment over senior party colleagues yashwant sinha and arun shourie not getting their due within the party despite having tremendous talent.
sinha,a lok sabha member patna saheb who has been at odds with bjp leadership on many issues,said the jd(u)-bjp combine had been able to post a remarkable victory in the recent assembly elections because of development,nitish kumars leadership,good governance and his style of work.
taking a jibe over the reported row in bjp over a move to field narendra modi from varanasi and rajnath singh from lucknow, congress on monday wondered as to why the opposition party leaders are looking for a safe seat if there was a modi wave across the country.
the party also hit out at bjp over its overtures at raj thackeray in maharashtra noting while modi reaches out to hindi-speaking people in bihar, his party wooed mns, which humiliated those from hindi heartland in maharashtra.
party spokesperson shakeel ahmeds remarks targeting bjps prime ministerial candidate came on a day when modi addressed a rally in purnea in bihar.
ahmed hails from bihar.
he said it is ironical that l.k advani and murli manohar joshi, who took bjps tally so high with their communal politics, are now themselves not finding space.
advani and joshi had a big contribution in taking bjps tally to a high by creating a communal atmosphere.
today when that atmosphere is being further vitiated, their own space is in trouble, he said.
ahmed also said the very search for a secure seat for modi and bjp president rajnath singh in varanasi and lucknow makes one wonder where is the so-called namo wave.
while we are firmly in our places and contesting from our seats, bjp leaders are up to change their seats.
so where is the modi wave, he asked.
on bjps bid to woo raj thackeray, he said, bjp can go to any extent for electoral gains.
what kind of politics this is?
some days before former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari had gone to meet raj thackeray whose party mns has been humiliating hindi-speaking populace.
thackeray has now promised to support modis pm candidature.
today modi is seeking votes from the same hindi-speaking people who were abused by these parties.
bjp, which claims maximum support in hindi states, has alliance with shiv sena.
both sena and mns have persecuted the same people.
the nation should see what is their politics, he said.
