chennai, jan.
once the bjp and its allies form the next government at the centre, we will bring back the thousands of crores hidden in swiss banks and use the money for development projects, including the interlinking of rivers, he added.
gadkari described the dmk as a partnership company divided between the sons and daughters of m. karunanidhi, and the congress as a proprietary firm where only gandhi family members could become the leader.
new delhi, june 13: ram vilas paswan looks bleary-eyed and edgy all the time.
this week, when journalists called on the union minister he appeared distracted, eyes half-closed.
paswan, leader of bjp ally lok janshakti party, blamed delhis sizzler of a summer for his plight but the real reason could be something else, according to his cabinet colleagues.
they should know, for they are in the same boat.
all of them are reeling under prime minister narendra modis punishing regimen and his expectation that every minister  including the junior ministers  would keep pace with him.
not many are being able to, inside accounts suggest.
among the few exceptions is nitingadkari gadkari, the shipping and surface transport minister tasked additionally with handling rural development since gopinath mundes death.
so is m. venkaiah naidu, the parliamentary affairs and urban development minister.
smriti irani, the human resource development minister and nirmala sitharaman, her hands full with commerce and industry (independent charge) and finance and corporate affairs (as arun jaitleys deputy), have fitted quite effortlessly into the no-sleep routine.
perhaps because they were used to working overtime in the bjp too.
modi begins his day at 6am, is on the phone from seven to eight, and gets ready for work by nine.
his day ends at midnight.
the unspoken diktat is that his officials and ministers follow a similar routine.
gadkari is believed to stay awake past the witching hour but his mornings are supposed to be leisurely.
however, he is tweaking his body clock to fall in sync with modis and is up early these days.
he is one person who has fitted into modis system, a bjp source said.
gadkaris night owl habits were a subject of much carping in the bjp when he helmed the party.
bjp officials were used to a proper nine-to-five day and seldom attended late evening meetings except in emergencies.
gadkari changed all that.
he called meetings almost always after 9pm, and these went on past midnight.
insiders grumbled that they stopped listening to him or even thinking and out of sheer weariness, let him have his way.
like modi, naidu is believed to rise early and go to bed late.
on thursday, he arrived at his nirman bhavan office at 9am and found that only a handful among his staff were around.
he peeked into the canteen and found it untidy.
naidu is believed to have told his officials that this sort of tardiness would not be countenanced.
similarly, maneka gandhi has directed her staff to show up by 8.
30am and get ready for meetings beginning 10.
30am.
a middle-level minister, hand-picked by modi for his purported understanding of contemporary issues and hands-on approach and assigned an important ministry, warily asked a senior minister if he would be allowed a vacation.
the answer was a categorical no.
another middle-rung minister, who was seldom ready for work before 2pm according to bjp lore, was heard wondering if his reset internal clock could affect his health.
health issues seem to be bothering a few other ministers too.
some of them are under medical advice not to skip their morning walks or gym workouts.
however, the late nights have created a bit of an issue about how and when they can possibly squeeze in a bout of physical activity.
those who worked with atal bihari vajpayee when he was prime minister recalled that he too began his day early and ended it late, if necessary.
vajpayee and his deputy l.k. advani  a stickler for health and discipline  were available on phone from 7am.
the difference?
if one of us took it easy the odd day, it would not be held against us (in vajpayees time), a bjp insider said.
now we are living in an era when trains will start running bang on time and one would be able to set clocks at government offices by the officials arrivals and departures, he added ruefully.
darjeeling, aug.
7: bimal gurung today sought from central ministers the reopening of the jelep-la, a pass to tibet which has been shut since the sino-indian border conflict but which could put kalimpong back on the border trade map.
gurung and his delegation of gta members in delhi met union foreign minister sushma swaraj, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and tourism minister shripad yesso naik.
morcha leader roshan giri, who was present at the meetings, said the gtas list of demands also featured the requirement of a passport seva kendra in siliguri, heritage status to a hydel power plant commissioned in 1897 and repairs to nh55 that has been closed for three years after landslides.
giri, the morcha general secretary, asked if the gorkhaland demand came up for discussion, said: we discussed what i have mentioned.
he said: the response from the ministers was very encouraging.
the demand for reopening the jelepa-la is a long-standing one from the people of kalimpong, a subdivision which before the 1962 sino-indian conflict was a trade hub.
when nathu-la was reopened for trade in 2006, there was a demand to re-open jelep-la, too.
the kalimpong chamber of commerce had submitted a memorandum to then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in 2004 when he visited gangtok.
in 2007, congress mp from darjeeling dawa narbula raised the issue of reopening the jelep-la in parliament.
kalimpong was the station for loading and unloading commodities brought from tibet and also for packaging and re-shipment of export goods from india to tibet before 1962.
the jelep-la is an all-weather pass  it does not get blocked with snow  unlike the nathu-la in sikkim which is at a higher altitude and open only from may to november each year.
the nathu-la is operational at this time for trade between india and china.
trade through the jelep-la started in 1871 and flourished more after colonel francis younghusbands visit to tibet via kalimpong in 1904.
following the improvement in ties between british india and tibet, a british agent was stationed in shigatse in tibet for the purpose of aiding trade and transit.
most of the godowns on the indian side were set up at a place called 10 mile in kalimpong.
the jelep-la starts from kalimpong and passes through algara and pedong in the subdivision and passes through rhenock, arithar, zuluk and kupup in sikkim.
the pass, which meets the chumbi valley in tibet, is at an altitude of 13,999 feet above the sea level.
the gta memorandum of agreement also stated that the reopening of the jelep-la route was one of the proposals that the gta would take up with the state and the centre.
giri said the morcha team also spoke of the need for a passport seva kendra in siliguri.
hill residents now have to travel to calcutta.
he said: we also made a demand to union tourism minister s.y. naik that the sidrapong hydel project be declared a national heritage.
during our meeting with nitingadkari gadkari, we also demanded immediate steps to repair nh55.
the debate over who won and who lost will never be conclusive.
but mamata banerjee can claim one tangible change: akhilesh yadav has issued an open letter for the first time in english.
the samajwadi leader and former chief minister of uttar pradesh, always careful to speak only in hindi in public, has reached out to a national audience by applauding mamata banerjee through the letter addressed to all my fellow indians.
excerpts follow:i write to you today because two and a half men  and a media that has been corrupted by their sycophantic portrayal of these men  are on the brink of destroying our nation and everything it stands for.
today the attack on the state of bengal is not only an attack on the values and tenets of the constitution but also an attack on the dreams of our founding fathers.
in the last 24 hours, it is clear that the democratic republic is being systematically hollowed out and destroyed.
two and a half men are on the brink of destroying our nation and everything it stands for.
akhilesh yadavthe formula is simple  unfriendly politicians in power are to be embroiled in legal battles, buried under false charges, attacked as anti-national and seditious and their states set aflame using whatever sectarian methods are at the disposal of this government that dreams of staying (in) power for 50 years.
this is just one of many nakedly political attacks being orchestrated across the country by the two and a half men who run this country.
our prime minister is far from a strong man.
to quote his own cabinet minister and colleague, mr nitingadkari gadkari, one who cannot manage his home cannot manage the country.
in attacking mamata banerjee, these two and a half men forget her past.
here is a woman who was dragged from jyoti basus office by the hair for demanding action against rapists.
here is a woman who defeated the old patriarchy of the communist party in their bastion.
elections should be fought at the polling booth, not using midnight raids, trumped up charges and lies.
akhilesh yadavi believe it is time for all indians, regardless of their politics, their religion, their caste or the region they belong to, to agree to two things: that the rule of law requires strong institutions, not weak officers who are weaponised against political opponents; and that elections should be fought at the polling booth, not using midnight raids, trumped up charges and lies.
i call on our judiciary, the cbi, the ias, the ips and all our national institutions to prevail against the constant attacks on them and to fight back with integrity.
i call on them to stand up for due process so that they do not act as the election agents for a particular party.
i call on our fellow indians who work at these institutions to stand up and be counted and i pray that our fellow indians who work in the media will speak truth to power without fear or favour.
you can disagree with me, you cast your vote for the person who can represent you best but please do not allow this motley group made up of two and a half men to erode the very basis of our country.
mumbai, march 15: raj thackeray-led mns today named a former shiv sena student wing leader as its candidate from thane lok sabha constituency, making him the seventh candidate fielded against the rival party.
abhijit panse, who till recently headed the senas student wing, the bharatiya vidyarthi sena (bvs), will be pitted against senas rajan vichare and the ncps sanjeev naik, the sitting mp.
panse had played a key role in launching the yuva sena headed by uddhav thackerays son aaditya.
removed as the president of the bvs a year ago, panse had joined the mns on the partys eighth anniversary on march 9.
on the same day, raj had announced seven candidates, six of which were in the constituencies the sena was contesting.
the move had created an impression that the mns aimed to divide the traditional marathi votes.
the mns has so far named only two candidates in constituencies contested by the bjp.
rajs meeting with nitingadkari gadkari and the declaration of support for narendra modi as the prime ministerial candidate have irked sena boss uddhav, forcing both modi and bjp president rajnath singh to placate him.
every question has an answer, goes the saying.
in the case of bharatiya janata party leaders, every question has one answer.
ever since the pulwama terror strike, bjp leaders have been flooded with queries about how the government will react against pakistan.
kya karegi sarkar?
, ladai hogi kya?
these are just some of the questions that reporters and common people are hurling at all bjp leaders.
the standard reply, meant to assure those seeking answers, is to trust the words of the prime minister and have faith in his leadership.
but bjp members are increasingly getting frustrated with these endless queries.
the latest leader to fall prey to such queries was the union law minister, ravi shankar prasad.
incidentally, he had been fielded to counter the congresss attack on narendra modi for allegedly being busy with a film shoot immediately after the terror strike.
after the usual request to trust the prime minister, prasad went on to claim that india has already attained a big victory.
he said that while the two master-minds of the strike had been killed by the army, the governments decision to hike customs duty on the import of pakistani goods by 200 per cent had caused huge distress among the traders of that country.
big stocks of cement, cashew and raisins are lying in karachi, he said, projecting this as the big victory for india.
but is this win big enough to get the bjp big returns in the upcoming elections?
change is not in the airchange might not be in the air yet.
the chief minister of maharashtra, devendra fadnavis, does not see a maharashtrian becoming the next pm.
his fellow-maharashtrian and union roadways minister, nitingadkari gadkari, got the rumour mills turning about a possible aspiration for the pms seat with his sporadic outbursts targeting his colleagues.
during an award ceremony in mumbai, the actor, riteish deshmukh, asked fadnavis, who stood a better chance of getting the delhi throne, the maratha strongman, sharad pawar, or gadkari.
let me tell you this question does not arise because the prime ministers post has been booked for this term and also the next election, fadnavis said in reply.
one wonders what gadkari would have to say to this.
does he agree?
helping handindeed, the winds of change seem to have stopped blowing elsewhere as well.
the choice of an advertisement agency to execute the congress campaign for the upcoming general elections has triggered many a controversy.
so much so that the congress president, rahul gandhi, had to intervene to ensure that the committee looking after publicity meets and debates the issues in a democratic manner instead of taking decisions arbitrarily.
however, the presence of some agencies that had been black-listed by the party for poor work in the past raised eyebrows.
the selection of ad agencies for elections has always been a contentious issue.
the suspicion that the choices are often made for reasons other than pure merit refuses to go away.
after the terrible experience of 2014 lok sabha elections, the leadership had decided to use internal talent for slogans and publicity material.
but given the importance of the 2019 general elections, they have decided to get professional help.
can an old trick bring a new result?
no strings attachedthe fight for power in 2019, they say, is going to be local.
the actor, prakash raj, is emerging as a strong contender in karnataka.
he is all set to play hardball as a candidate from bangalore central, a key constituency in the technology hub.
with his shrill campaign against hindutva and everything else that comes with it, raj seems to be the perfect choice to take on the bjp.
while the congress would not mind supporting him to avoid a three-way split, they would like the fireball actor to join the party.
at the moment, raj does not seem ready to join any party as he spends no less than 12 hours every day by going door to door to meet voters.
many believe that the grand old party would be wise to let him be and back him as an independent candidate.
this, people believe, would increase its chances of reaching out to the tech crowd, which seems to be taken in by rajs no-strings-attached image.
bitter aftertasteprakash raj is not the only actor giving the congress in karnataka sleepless nights.
the party is also desperately trying to tackle another actor, sumalatha, who has made a pitch for the mandya lok sabha seat that her late husband and actor turned congress leader, ambareesh, had once represented.
but mandya is a stronghold of the congress ally, janata dal (secular), which is unlikely to let go of the seat.
sumalatha, too, is determined to contest from nowhere but mandya.
this situation has left senior congress leaders worried.
the sugar-belt of mandya could leave a bitter taste by becoming the tipping point for a delicately poised alliance, which has functioned like an act of trapeze without a safety net.
keep calm solid grip 'mission 44' may not have gone the way the bharatiya janata party had hoped for in jammu and kashmir, but the party remains serious about leaving a permanent mark in srinagar.
the proof of this lies in the fact that the party general-secretary, ram madhav, has decided to put up in a big bungalow close to the airport.
a number of these dwellings - made up of walnut wood with ornate carvings - are available since their owners do not reside in the capital.
the recent floods have damaged the ground floors of most of these buildings and bjp managers have realized that these bungalows are now available at throwaway prices.
a permanent base for the bjp in srinagar now looks to be a distinct possibility.
amit shah, too, is intent on leaving an indelible mark within the party hierarchy.
a number of electoral successes - including the win in jharkhand and the decent showing in jammu and kashmir - as well as shah's close proximity to the prime minister have made him a first among equals.
he is certainly placed higher in the pecking order that includes the likes of rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and others.
shah is apparently keen on packing the team with loyalists.
so himachal pradesh's anurag thakur and madhya pradesh's kailash vijayvargiya are set to join as gen-secs.
vijayvargiya's elevation is, however, bad news for the shivraj singh chauhan camp.
currently, vijayvargiya serves chauhan's cabinet as a minister.
however, chauhan is yet to show signs of anxiety.
instead, he has planned to welcome the new year on kerala's beaches.
to calm the frayed nerves perhaps?
long wait aamir khan insists that pk has made quite a splash.
as proof, he has cited the fact that lk advani as well as the actor and bjp leader, paresh rawal, has been heaping praise on the film.
in khan's scheme of things, rawal's support should weigh heavier than that of advani's.
this is because rawal, the mp from ahmedabad, is considered to be close to the prime minister.
khan had also approached arun jaitley, who runs the information and broadcasting ministry, to hold a special screening for ministers, the media and other guests.
unfortunately, jaitley, who also holds the tricky finance portfolio, does not have the luxury of time, busy as he is with the budget preparations.
unlike advani, a film-buff who makes it a point to attend first day first shows, jaitley gets to watch two or three movies in the entire year.
pk, too, would have to wait its turn.
old condition old habits, the wise ones say, die hard.
the union minister of state for culture, tourism and civil aviation, mahesh sharma, was a practicing doctor and running a hospital in noida when narendra modi inducted him in the council of ministers.
life changed for sharma, but also, at some levels, remained the same.
this is because sharma remains obsessed with his past profession.
for instance, every time he has to speak on tourism, he makes it a point to talk about the potential of medical tourism.
on another occasion, while reacting to the spicejet crisis, he was heard saying that the private airline needed a cure but the government could only play the role of a nursing attendant.
even on the cleanliness drive, sharma has reportedly used hospitals and their standards of hygiene as points of reference.
as of now, there is no known cure for sharma's condition.
house trouble heading the parliamentary panel for housing is tricky business and the bjp mp, kirit somaiya, has learnt this the hard way.
the panel allots houses to fellow parliamentarians and gets houses vacated from those guilty of overstaying.
somaiya realized that his genial nature and sincerity notwithstanding, he has not managed to make everyone happy.
a crestfallen somaiya has since moved to head another panel and the house committee is now being headed by arjun ram meghwal.
last heard, meghwal was struggling to keep the number of complaints against him and his party to a bare minimum.
close shave apparently, rekha, while attempting to put in a rare appearance in the house, recently entered the parliament's gates, only to see that jaya bachchan was standing nearby.
accompanying rekha was rajiv shukla, who, having quickly grasped the gravity of the situation, promptly asked the driver to turn the car towards another gate.
understandably, shukla is feted as a crisis manager.
many promises bjp floor managers as well as members of the standing committee on assurance are getting jittery - all because of nitingadkari gadkari, who has got into a worrisome habit of making too many promises.
it is mandatory on the part of the government to honour assurances given by a minister on the floor of the house.
there is even a prescribed ceiling when it comes to the number of assurances.
gadkari has exceeded the prescribed limit.
will someone please remind the union minister that promises are meant not to be broken?
antara bosetuhin sinha at his book launch in mumbai earlier this month.
telegraph picturejamshedpur: steel-city based author tuhin a. sinha, who is known for bestsellers like the edge of power and of love and politics, has now embarked on a mission to spread road safety awareness among schoolchildren across the state.
the loyola school alumnus, who works as an advisor to the union ministry of road transport and highways, is busy promoting the book have a safe journey, an anthology of short stories based on fictional and real life experiences of road accidents.
the book, launched on december 1 as part of a road safety campaign organised by social outfit nhp centre in mumbai and sponsored by mahindra group, is a compilation of 20 best stories written by commoners and well-known authors like anand neelakantan, ashwin sanghi, kiran manral, pankaj dubey and tuhin himself.
priced at rs 224, the book also has a special foreword written by nitingadkari gadkari, minister for road transport and highways, and another message by chairman of mahindra group anand mahindra.
from writing the introductory chapter to being an integral part of the campaign, tuhin has played a major role in compiling the book.
in schools we do not have a proper literature on road safety.
the book will help schoolchildren learn about the impact of road accidents on people and hopefully make them more responsible, said tuhin.
the hindi version of the book will be launched between january 11 and 17, 2018, during national road safety week in delhi.
the 40-year-old writer is also in talks with ranchi-based ngo rise up to promote the book and use it as a part of their training sessions in schools across the state.
we have been organising traffic awareness programmes in over 125 ranchi schools and now plan to include this book in our awareness sessions.
schools or parents can also buy the book from local stores or online, said rishabh anand, founder of rise up.
tuhin is also gearing up to release his upcoming novel when mantriji fell in love, a political drama, in february next year.
based on a love story between a politician and a daughter of a hurriyat leader in kashmir, the 250-page book will be published by delhi-based publisher fingerprints.
this will be tuhin's seventh book and fourth one with a political backdrop.
guwahati, sept.
3: dispur today hit out at union minister of state sarbananda sonowal for his criticism of the absence of assam ministers or officials in a review meeting yesterday.
sonowal, who holds the sports, youth affairs, skill development and entrepreneurship portfolios, had questioned the seriousness of the tarun gogoi government towards development, as no representative was present during the review meeting of development major roads and highway in assam yesterday.
he said at a time when prime minister narendra modi has directed the union road, transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari to take special steps for the development of roads and bridges in the northeast, dispurs indifference was questionable.
assam government spokesperson nilamani sen deka told reporters here this afternoon that sonowal had no authority to preside over the meeting.
he accused the minister of overstepping his responsibility and trying to get cheap publicity by hitting out at the state government.
we are surprised how a union minister of state could instruct chief minister tarun gogoi, state pwd minister ajanta neog and other officials to attend a meeting on road development.
the status of a chief minister and a state cabinet minister is higher than that of a minister of state.
sonowal is unaware of proper rules, regulation and protocol to function as a minister, deka alleged.
he claimed that even union minister nitingadkari gadkari could not entrust sonowal to attend such a meeting on his behalf and only the prime minister could entrust someone for such an assignment.
but the communiqus sent to the assam government from the private secretary of sonowal and the director-general (road development) regarding yesterdays meeting did not mention whether sonowal was actually entrusted by the prime minister to preside over the meeting.
so according to the rules, state government representatives should not attend such a meeting, deka, the state agriculture, parliamentary affairs and irrigation minister, said.
he, however, refused to answer whether the government would intimate the prime minister about the alleged violation of rules by sonowal.
the state bjp has refused to buy dekas arguments and said dispur was trying to find an escape route to cover its failure to attend the meeting.
doubling work of puri-bhubaneswar nh-316 is under way.
telegraph picturebhubaneswar, oct.
24: chief minister naveen patnaik wrote a letter to union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari to complete the construction of the national highway between bhubaneswar and puri by march 2015 ahead of the nabakalebar festival scheduled in june next year.
more than 30 lakh pilgrims are likely to visit puri during the festival that will see changing of the trinitys idols.
this occasion comes once in every 12 to 18 years.
the traffic flow is likely to be affected if the highway project is not completed in time.
the old nh-203 connecting bhubaneswar with puri has been renamed as nh-316, and the construction of four lanes started on march 7, 2011.
the national highways authority of india was to complete the construction within 30 months from march 2011.
however, during rath yatra this year, a part of the road was opened for public usage.
the highway authority sources said rs 529 crore was being invested for development of the 67.
25-km long highway.
in another development, naveen has also requested union railway minister d.v. sadananda gowda to complete doubling of the railway tracks between puri and khurda junction, so that during the celebration, passengers will face less trouble.
penalty protest new delhi, aug.
23: the centre's bid to introduce steep hikes in traffic fines through amendments in the motor vehicles act has been opposed by several states.
officials in the union road transport and highways ministry said bengal, bihar, kerala and tamil nadu were among the states that had written to the centre to reconsider the motor vehicles (amendment) bill, tabled in parliament in the monsoon session.
the draft bill was cleared by the union cabinet earlier this month and is now being examined by the parliamentary standing committee on transport, tourism and culture.
several states have written to us saying the fines are way above the paying capacity of a majority of the population.
they want the government to review its decision, a senior transport official said.
some states are even seeking two sets of fines - one for metropolitan cities and the other for smaller cities and towns.
referring to the letters from bihar and tamil nadu, the official said the states had pointed out that the increased penalties could lead to more corruption by traffic policemen who are likely to demand higher bribes from violators instead of issuing challans.
there are 223 sections of the act, 68 of which have been proposed to be amended.
another official said the committee reviewing the bill would take a call on the suggestions from the states.
if the committee too feels the fines need to be curtailed, the bill will have to be re-drafted and re-sent to the cabinet for approval, the official said.
the amendments have for the first time proposed a penalty of rs 25,000 along with three years' imprisonment for the owner of the vehicle or the guardian in cases of traffic violations by a juvenile driver, a proposal that has not gone down well with most of the states.
the proposals also seek to increase fines for drink-driving from rs 2,000 to rs 10,000 and introduce a fine of rs 10,000 for drivers who do not provide way for emergency vehicles such as ambulances to pass.
the bill also proposes to increase the compensation in hit-and-run cases from rs 25,000 to rs 2 lakh and has a provision for payment of damages up to rs 10 lakh in road accident fatalities.
similarly, driving without a licence can now attract a fine of rs 5,000 instead of rs 500 and driving despite disqualification will lead to a penalty of rs 10,000.
taxi aggregators violating licensing norms formulated by the state governments would be fined anything between rs 25,000 and rs 1 lakh under the amendments.
fines on overloading of vehicles have also been increased to rs 20,000 from rs 2,000.
in case of speeding, the bill proposes a fine of rs 1,000 for light motor vehicles and rs 2,000 for medium passenger vehicles while dangerous driving penalty has been increased from rs 1,000 to rs 5,000.
the bill also proposes that states can specify a multiplier, not less than one and not greater than 10, to be applied to each fine under the act.
the proposed amendments were part of the road transport and safety bill, first drafted two years ago, and were later referred to an eight-member committee headed by rajasthan transport minister yunus khan.
the bill was aimed at taking measures to reduce road crashes and fatalities.
it became contentious after the transport reform measures were introduced and has been stuck as states are opposing certain measures, said an official in road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari's office.
we decided to make amendments in the act, but it's unfortunate that the states are objecting to them, he added.
new delhi, nov.
26: bjp boss nitingadkari gadkari has been checked in his tracks by his colleagues.
gadkari, who sought ram jethmalanis expulsion and a warning to yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha, had to rest content with serving a showcause notice to the veteran lawyer, asking why he should not be expelled from the bjp for six years.
sources said gadkari had wanted precipitate and decisive steps to be taken against jethmalani, a rajya sabha mp, and the sinhas, both lok sabha mps, for questioning his leadership and the bjps official stand against the appointment of new cbi director ranjit sinha.
jethmalani was, accordingly, suspended yesterday.
the bjp parliamentary board was to meet today to ratify the suspension and recommend his expulsion.
it met, only to direct the lawyer to formally bear out why he should not be expelled.
there was no word on the sinhas, both of whom had backed jethmalanis assertions against gadkari and on ranjit sinhas appointment.
sources said the leaders chose to give them latitude because of their political equity.
while shatrughan is a crowd-puller, yashwant is an effective speaker on economics and foreign policy matters.
asked about jaswant singhs swift expulsion in 2010 for his acknowledged work on mohammed ali jinnah, a source said: jethmalani is a lawyer, jaswant is not.
sources said the action against singh, who has since been readmitted, was taken under pressure from narendra modi, who had warned that singhs laudatory allusions to the founder of pakistan had angered gujaratis.
the bjps action appeared to have partially reined in jethmalani, who speaks his mind out to the media with or without provocation.
today, he wrote to the parliamentary board members but refused to reveal the contents to reporters.
it is learnt he insinuated that arun jaitleys opposition to the cbi chiefs appointment was motivated because a former junior of jaitley (a top lawyer who stopped accepting briefs once he became rajya sabha opposition leader) was fighting a case for delhi police commissioner neeraj kumar.
kumar has contested the appointment in the central administrative tribunal.
it is believed that later in the three-page letter, jethmalani admitted that his diatribe against jaitley and lok sabha opposition leader sushma swaraj for challenging the appointment was not entirely justified because their reservations were against institutional norms and not against an individual as such.
the bjp has objected to the decision on the ground that a house committee had recommended that a collegium should make such appointments.
in patna, chief minister nitish kumar said he wouldnt object to the appointment, sowing the seeds of a fresh strain in his partys testy relationship with ally bjp.
efforts to reach jethmalani failed.
olympian m.c. mary kom walks the ramp in a fashion show at the north east festival in new delhi last year.
file picture guwahati, nov.
2: the second edition of the north east festival will be held at new delhis indira gandhi national centre for the arts from november 7 to 10.
this years edition of the festival will focus on business and investment opportunities that the northeast presents, apart from showcasing the culture and rich heritage of the region.
the festival is organised by a socio-cultural trust, trend mms, in association with the northeastern community of new delhi, comprising student organisations and activists.
the festival has recently become the part of the delhi international art festival.
the event is expected to be attended by over one lakh people, top northeast icons like m.c. mary kom, adil hussain, everester anshu jemsenpa, boxer shiva thapa, policymakers of the country, chief ministers of the northeastern states, top bureaucrats, intellectuals, students, investors and tour operators, among others.
the organisers said they have invited prime minister narendra modi to inaugurate the festival.
union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, home minister rajnath singh, culture and tourism minister s.y. naik and power minister piyush goyal are expected to visit the festival.
the organiser-in-chief, shyamkanu mahanta, said, this year, the theme is insurgence to resurgence, with focus on highlighting the positive stories of entrepreneurship and development.
apart from the carnival, an exhibition-cum-sale showcasing unique artisans and weavers of the region, organic fruits and vegetables, would be presented.
the objective is to enable the people of new delhi to understand the northeast on one platform, to encourage tourism to the region.
mahanta said there would be serious discussions on critical issues of the region.
to attract investment in it-enabled services sector in association with the it ministry, a seminar will be organised with investors.
a session on education, expected to be chaired by union hrd minister smriti irani, would discuss ways of introducing subjects from the northeast in the schools and colleges to create awareness about the region.
around 30 bands will perform in the carnival along with some popular artistes, including soulmate, imphal talkies, zubeen garg, tetseo sisters, vinyl records, frisky prints, minutes of decay, girish and the chronicles and bollywood singer ash king.
moreover, 20 dance forms of the region will be showcased, mahanta said.
an ethnic food festival, photography exhibition, art exhibition, film festival, fashion show, dance performances of various indigenous communities of the northeast will be part of the festival.
hard timesfall guy rahul gandhi's  khoon ki dalali utterance has got the bharatiya janata party's blood boiling.
but there is considerable speculation within the congress camp as well about the origins of the phrase.
a section in the party is pointing fingers at prashant kishor, while sources close to the poll strategist insist that rahul himself came up with the idea of using the phrase.
whatever may be the truth, the fact that kishor is not above censure suggests that he is facing considerable resistance within the congress fold.
there is no official word yet from either the party or team kishor about the possibility of the poll planner ending his association with the congress.
but there is no doubt that some incidents have left him disillusioned.
there is no denying the fact that kishor is being given a difficult time by the old guard in the party.
it is being reported that when kishor tried to get some bills cleared from the aicc treasurer, motilal vora, the octogenarian leader did some quick calculations and reduced the expenses by half.
as if the drastic deduction was not bad enough, the compensation was also promised in instalments.
it is no secret that the congress treasury is not in the best of health.
the party is said to be struggling to meet even daily expenses.
similarly, the political path is strewn with obstacles in the form of heavyweights such as amarinder singh, ghulam nabi azad and raj babbar.
in a recent television interview, the actor was heard describing kishor as a 'sound recordist'.
given the congress's bleak poll prospects in uttar pradesh, kishor's job is set to get harder.
raw deal it is the silver jubilee of the economic reforms of 1991.
a lot of credit for the reforms is given to pv narasimha rao, who initiated the economic restructuring.
but p chidambaram, another votary of liberalization, is singing a different tune.
chidambaram is said to have nursed a grudge against the former prime minister for the latter's decision to appoint subramanian swamy as the chairman of the gatt commission that was set up to assist in the negotiations with the international trade body.
swamy was given a cabinet rank, a fact that rankled with chidambaram who then held the post of minister of state for commerce with independent charge.
chidambaram decided to part ways with rao and his party when the congress decided to cosy up to the all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam.
so when sanjaya baru came out with a book on the reforms, rao and 1991, chidambaram accepted the invitation to speak on the occasion - not to praise rao but to be critical of him.
chidambaram laid out his case by saying that had rajiv gandhi been alive, he would have certainly become the pm in 1991.
then, he turned to the author and is reported to have said, this is a book about 1991 and not rao.
about one year that catapulted him to fame.
if you write a book about the next year it will be a very different book.
that's the tragedy of the man.
clearly, even time cannot heal some differences.
clean sweep it is the season of 'splits' not just in hollywood but also in bengal.
the trinamul congress is busy breaking up opposition parties in a bid to deepen its footprint on the political landscape.
the credit for engineering such splits goes to mukul roy, who has been busy weakening opponents like the congress and the communist party of india (marxist) by encouraging defections not just in bengal but also in tripura, jharkhand, assam and odisha.
according to roy's calculations, such a strategy can help boost the tmc's credentials as a party with a national reach.
roy is also said to be keen on putting up candidates in poll-bound states such as punjab and up.
if the tmc manages to spread its wings, roy, his supporters hope, would be able to smoothen his frayed ties with didi.
but roy has competition when it comes to the business of splitting the opposition.
abhishek banerjee and subhendu adhikari are at it in bengal in a bid to wipe out opponents in the state.
the rising roopa ganguly's nomination to the upper house as a presidential nominee has generated a lot of interest.
some state bjp leaders are said to be unhappy.
but they could not stop the former actress from getting the prized seat because of support from the likes of kailash vijayvargiya, amit shah and nitingadkari gadkari.
the rss-bjp top brass has a reason for promoting ganguly.
upwardly mobile, suave and sure-footed women are in great demand in addition to in-house behenji-like leaders.
footnote name game raza murad has turned out to be luckier than nawazuddin siddiqui.
murad is performing in delhi's ramlila in the role of king janak without a whiff of protest from the hindutva brigade.
but the actor insists that there is reason behind such benevolence - he has always been blessed by none other than lord ram.
his full name, he said, is raza ali murad.
abbreviated, it becomes 'ram'.
three of murad's successful hindi films are named ram teri ganga maili, ram lakhan and ram leela.
many years ago, murad got a break in the world of films courtesy baburam ishara, who, too, had 'ram' in his name.
jdu spokesperson sanjay singh addresses the news meet in patna on tuesday.
picture by ranjeet kumar dey patna, oct.
28: the ruling jdu today accused the bjp of not paying attention to the cause of bihar after forming the government at the centre.
party spokesperson and legislative council member sanjay singh also attacked former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi for blaming former chief minister nitish kumar for security lapses that led to the serial blasts at the partys hunkar rally last year.
he was speaking at a media meet at the party headquarters.
citing the example of the man who died while trying to board a moving train bound for bihar at new delhi station on saturday, sanjay said: the centre did not pay any attention towards arrangements for special chhath trains to bihar.
has it announced any compensation for the deceaseds family?
he added: the bjp leaders in the state just keep on creating confusion, especially former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi.
it has become his habit to be in the news by making unnecessary comments.
how can he blame our leader nitishji for the hunkar rally blast?
on sunday, the state bjp had observed anti-terrorism day in patna in memory of the october 27 blast victims in which modi had held nitish kumar solely responsible for the incident.
he had accused nitish of intentionally not assessing the security preparations at gandhi maidan out of jealousy.
sanjay accused prime minister narendra modi of cutting the states share of rs 5,000 crore under different central schemes.
the centre has cut the share of the state in central schemes such as pradhan mantri gramin sadak yojana and mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act.
the jdu leader reminded that how the union minister for road transport, highways and shipping, nitingadkari gadkari, had announced that the centre would overhaul the gandhi setu but nothing had happened in that context.
would sushil modi apologise to the people of the state for the false promises made by the union minister?
asked sanjay.
pranesh sarkarnitin gadkaricalcutta: union minister nitingadkari gadkari's last-minute decision to give next week's bengal global business summit a miss may cost the bengal government dear as he was slated to discuss several infrastructure projects.
the minister's office had informed nabanna that he would like to hold discussions on infrastructure projects during his visit to calcutta on january 16.
we were preparing for the meeting.
if the minister does not attend the summit, it would be a loss for the state, said a senior government official.
sources said that though the bengal government had not received any message from the office of the minister for shipping, roads, transport and highways, it had received hints that the proposed tour of gadkari to calcutta would be abandoned.
as the buzz around gadkari's absence coincided with an alleged attack on bjp supporters by trinamul activists in calcutta on friday, state bjp president dilip ghosh had claimed that gadkari decided to boycott the summit as a mark of protest.
sources in gadkari's office, however, had told the telegraph that his participation in the summit was uncertain anyway as the minister would not be able to inaugurate a road project - the primary objective behind his proposed visit to calcutta - because the model code of conduct is in place for two bypolls on january 29.
the byelections are to the uluberia lok sabha and noapara assembly seats.
the bengal government had decided to discuss several infrastructure projects - which needed centre's nod and funds - with the minister during the trip.
the projects include a new highway to connect calcutta with petrapole on the bangladesh border, construction of a 6km elevated roadover the kona expressway to ease traffic congestion and hastening the process of widening nh34, the road to north bengal.
besides the road projects, bengal officials were eager to push the tajpur deep-sea port plan in east midnapore.
it is tough to get time of the union minister to draw his attention to state-related projects.
it was a golden opportunity to tell him about the importance of the projects, said another senior state official.
some others were hopeful of convincing the minister about the importance of the projects, as they had done in the past.
in 2016, gadkari had attended the summit and agreed with several projects, which were later cleared by his ministry.
the projects included the construction of 22 road overbridges and a couple of bridges.
this year too, we were sure of getting his nod, said an engineer slated to attend the meeting.
engineers underscored the need for an alternative highway to nh35, which connects petrapole with calcutta, saying the existing highway could not be widened because of land-related problems.
similarly, the proposed port at tajpur is sorely needed as several investment proposals, including that of a petroleum downstream complex by saudi aramco - one of the biggest hydrocarbon players in the world - hinge on it.
the importance of the elevated road on the kona expressway, near calcutta, could have also been explained to the minister.
prime minister narendra modi reacts during congress member mallikarjun kharge's speech in the lok sabha on thursday.
(lstv grab via pti)prime minister narendra modi treated the lok sabha to an election speech on thursday, espousing a single-party government, jeering at the oppositions grand alliance as a mahamilavat (grand adulteration) and claiming to have achieved more in 55 months than the congress had in 55 years.
modi spoke for over an hour and a half while replying to the motion of thanks to the presidents address to parliament.
he touched on major issues dogging his government, from rafale to unemployment to the farm crisis, but used them to target the congress and the nehru-gandhi family.
the prime minister quoted figures to claim that he had achieved much more in every sector in the last 55 months in comparison to the congresss 55 years of rule.
the milestone figure came close to another signature number modi had cited on the 2014 campaign trail: the 56-inch-chest leader india needs to solve its problems.
in 55 years, sanitation coverage was around 38 per cent; in our 55 months it has risen to nearly 98 per cent.
their 55 years yielded 12 crore gas connections; another 13 crore were added in 55 months.
we have worked at greater speed in our five years, he said.
he said that while the congress had enjoyed the fruits of power during its 55 years in power, he had served the people during his 55 months.
in 55 years, sanitation coverage was around 38 per cent; in our 55 months it has risen to nearly 98 per cent.
their 55 years yielded 12 crore gas connections; another 13 crore were added in 55 months.
we have worked at greater speed in our five years.
narendra modimodi appealed to first-time voters to cast their votes intelligently and said they needed to be told how the country had suffered under milawati governments.
he swatted back the opposition charge that the government was trying to scare political opponents by misusing its various agencies.
darna padega (youll have to be afraid), he said.
i assure you, those who have robbed the nation will continue to be scared of narendra modi.
the prime ministers championing of a single-party government stood out, coming against the backdrop of a perception that the bjp was likely to lose the majority it had secured in 2014.
darna padega (youll have to be afraid).
i assure you, those who have robbed the nation will continue to be scared of narendra modi.
narendra modihe asserted that now that the people had seen what a government with an absolute majority can do, they would never choose the oppositions mahamilavat.
for 30 years the country saw milavati (adulterated) governments.
a health-conscious society keeps away from adulteration.
a healthy democracy too abhors adulteration.
and what is being offered now is a mahamilavat, he said, as bjp members thumped their desks.
when the congress benches pointed out that atal bihari vajpayee's government was a coalition too, modi shot back that had the bjp possessed a full majority then, the country would have looked different today.
for 30 years the country saw milavati (adulterated) governments.
a health-conscious society keeps away from adulteration.
a healthy democracy too abhors adulteration.
and what is being offered now is a mahamilavat'.
narendra modihis push for a single-party government and projection of himself as the only alternative came on a day union minister nitingadkari gadkari earned applause from congress members, led by sonia gandhi, for his performance in the road sector.
hours before modi's speech, the transport minister had during question hour given a detailed reply on the work done by his ministry to improve the country's infrastructure.
while bjp members thumped their desks, sonia, who was listening patiently and nodding to gadkari's replies, started banging on hers too.
seeing sonia's rare gesture, other congress members joined in.
gadkari is widely seen as a possible challenger to modi if the bjp slips well below the majority mark, as he is expected to be more acceptable to prospective allies.
the minister, known as an rss favourite, has been in the limelight in recent weeks for his veiled criticism of modi and bjp president amit shah for the party's recent defeats in three heartland states.
gadkari was not present in the lok sabha when modi spoke.
the shiv sena, an increasingly defiant bjp ally, too lauded gadkari's performance and referred to his statement about the party leadership's need to own responsibility for the defeats in the three states.
the sena has been championing gadkari's cause as prospective nda prime minister after the general election.
speaking on the motion of thanks to the president's address, sena mp anand rao adsul said the government should accept that the november 2016 demonetisation - a brainchild of modi - was a big mistake.
modi appeared to betray jitters about being pushed out by the allies if the bjp falls short of majority.
he claimed that coalition governments had failed the country for 30 years before he arrived on the scene in 2014.
some of the achievements of the coalition governments that ruled the country for the 25 years before modi are the liberalisation of the economy, national rural health mission, rural employment guarantee scheme, right to information, and the eradication of polio.
modi accused the congress of weakening the country's air force by raising a controversy over the rafale deal.
the congress doesn't want to strengthen the air force.
why do they want to get the rafale deal scrapped?
which company are they bidding for that they are acting so shamelessly?
he asked.
he accused the congress of depriving and insulting the army while in power.
perhaps realising that unemployment was a big issue, he quoted figures about new provident fund accounts, the sale of commercial vehicles and mudra loans to claim his government had created employment in both the formal and informal sectors.
modi described the congress's promise of a loan waiver as a betrayal of the farmers and claimed the new income-support scheme announced by his government would strengthen the poor tillers.
he said the farm loan waiver in karnataka was a bluff to the farmers.
referring to mahatma gandhi's reported suggestion to disband the congress after independence, he said: mahatma gandhi had back then recommended the dissolution of the congress.
so, 'congress-mukt bharat' is not my slogan - i am just fulfilling the wishes of gandhiji.
modi's speech was constantly interrupted by opposition references to the fugitive, bank fraud-accused diamantaires nirav modi and mehul choksi.
after he wound up, bjp members chanted modi, modi and thumped their desks.
ministers and allies rushed to congratulate him.
senior leader l.k. advani greeted modi with folded hands.
modi acknowledged advani's greetings but soon turned his face away and walked out as party mps stood with folded hands.
the road construction department has formulated three proposals to build a ring road around the city where heavy vehicles can be diverted, reducing the load on city traffic.
the proposals would be sent to chief minister nitish kumar on thursday.
based on his approval, the department would fine-tune the proposals.
this would be the first meeting vis-a-vis ring road at the chief minister's level.
department officials would make a powerpoint presentation before the chief minister.
commuters coming from western side (ara) have to take bailey road and some roads in the city to head north, south oreast.
those coming from the north (chhapra) have to enter the city to head west.
commuters coming from the east (bakhtiyarpur) can move northward without entering the city, using new pass, but to go west people have to enter it.
tomorrow, the chief minister will go through the three proposals and see our powerpoint presentation, an executive rank engineer of the department said.
the ring road would be built by national highways authority of india; the department would provide local support.
alignment of the ring was discussed at a meeting between nh and department officials on october 18.
the engineer said that once the chief minister and road construction minister clear the proposals (alignment), it would be sent to the centre.
the engineer did not share details of the proposal, saying it would be made public once nitish gives his consent.
the alignments have been made on the basis of many projects, proposed or underway, and entails constructing connecting roads to link these upcoming or proposed roads.
some upcoming projects that would be part of the ring road include ara-chhapra bridge, kachchi dargah to bidupur bridge, patna-buxar four-lane road, bakhtiyarpur-tajpur bridge, digha-sonepur rail-cum-road bridge, aiims-digha semi-elevated/elevated road and few more.
the ring road will take shape after state highways and major district roads are connected with national highways.
however, the plan is in initial stages as no concrete decision has been taken except the plan of ring road project with the help of the centre.
i have convened a meeting to discuss possibility of a ring road and its alignment, road construction minister tejashwi yadav said.
load on city traffic can be reduced greatly, as this way heavy vehicles will not enter the city.
to decongest bailey road, fraser road, exhibition, ashok rajpath, station road, new pass and old by pass, it is important to create a ring road through which commuters can go from one end to another by avoiding city roads.
-overmatter- tejashwi said he had already spoken to union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari who had visited bihar recently in chhapra and urged him to take up the ring road project.
gadkari ji has asked us to send the alignment as soon as possible and we are already working on it.
let's see what comes out of thursday's meeting when the chief minister will give his suggestions and opinions on the ring road project, said tejashwi.
pranesh sarkarcalcutta: union minister nitingadkari gadkari's last-minute decision to give next week's bengal global business summit a miss may cost the bengal government dear as he was slated to discuss state several infrastructure projects.
the minister's office had informed nabanna that he wo-uld like to hold discussions over infrastructure projects during his visit to calcutta on january 16.
we were preparing for the meeting.
if the minister does not attend the summit, it would be a loss for the state, said a senior government official.
sources said that though the bengal government has not received any message from the office of the shipping, roads, transport and highways minister, it has received hints that the proposed tour of gadkari to calcutta would be abandoned.
as the buzz around gadkari's absence coincided with an alleged attack on bjp supporters by trinamul activists in calcutta on friday, state bjp president dilip ghosh had claimed that gadkari had decided to boycott the summit as a mark of protest.
sources in the minister's office, however, had told the telegraph that his participation in the summit was uncertain anyway as the minister would not be able to inaugurate a road project - the primary objective behind his proposed visit to calcutta - because the model of code of conduct is in place for two bypolls on january 29, sources in gadkari's office had said.
the byelections are to the uluberia lok sabha and noapara assembly seats.
earlier, the bengal government had decided to raise several infrastructure projects - which needed centre's nod and funds - before the minister during the meeting.
the projects include a new highway to connect calcutta with petrapol on the bangl-adesh border, construction of a 6km elevated corridor over the kona expressway to ease the traffic congestion, and expedite the widening of nh34, the road to north bengal.
bengal officials were eager to push the tajpur deep-sea port plan in east midnapore.
it is tough to get time of the union minister, said another senior government official.
animesh bisoeetardy progress: the stretch of nh-33 at mohulia, 45km from jamshedpur, on monday.
picture by animesh senguptajamshedpur: the national highway authority of india (nhai) is likely to take over from a private contractor the 163km road-widening project between ranchi and mohulia (near ghatshila) via tatanagar in december.
the project, which had kicked off in january 2013 and was scheduled to be over by july 2016, has been progressing at a tepid pace for the last four years and is currently not even 50 per cent complete.
union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had earlier this year announced that the project would be taken over by nhai once 50 per cent work was complete.
the minister, who was in ranchi in february to attend the global investors' summit, had also announced that the nhai would pump in an additional rs 1,000 crore (rs 1,479-crore has already been sanctioned) to ensure that the project was completed by december 2018.
sources in nhai's jharkhand office said financial issues were preventing the private contractor, madhucon projects limited, from using all its resources to complete the widening work.
the national board for wildlife is yet to give its permission to begin work on certain stretches of the highway near dalma sanctuary (in chandil) and near baliguma (in mango, jamshedpur), which fall under eco-sensitive zone.
this was preventing the firm from using all its resources fearing high interest during construction (the interest on loan during construction period).
in addition, encroachment on several stretches despite being cleared by the administration was affecting the project pace, said nhai jharkhand project director devendra gupta.
gupta, however, said once the nhai took over, the pressure on the private contractor would reduce as the former would finance the project.
we are expecting a green light from the wildlife board on a 10km stretch near dalma sanctuary by november-end.
we hired three private contractors to repair three potholed stretches by december to make it motorable.
the amount, approximately rs 21-crore, will be charged from the contractor, said the nhai project director.
food and civil supplies minister saryu roy, who met senior nhai officials in delhi, said the project would be completed by december 2018.
nhai officials have assured to fund the project once 50 per cent work was completed.
madhucon projects will be asked to use all its resources to finish it by december 2018 failing which the agency's contract would be terminated, said roy.
nitin gadkari's tweet came on a day the government and the bjp were battling the perception of indifference on the part of prime minister narendra modi towards the pulwama attack, amid allegations that he continued shooting for a promotional film in jim corbett park even after the news broke.
ptiunion water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari did his bit on thursday evening to change the headlines with a tweet that said india had decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
primed for the evening news, this was immediately projected as a big development post-pulwama till fact-checkers pointed out that india had said the same after the uri attack and that this in no way signalled a break with the indus water treaty that has held for 59 years through three india-pakistan wars.
the tweet came on a day the government and the bjp were battling the perception of indifference on the part of prime minister narendra modi towards the pulwama attack, amid allegations that he continued shooting for a promotional film in jim corbett park even after the news broke.
gadkari wrote: under the leadership of honble pm sri @narendramodi ji, our govt.
has decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir and punjab.
he followed this up with an elaboration: the construction of dam has started at shahpur-kandi on ravi river.
moreover, ujh project will store our share of water for use in j&k and the balance water will flow from 2nd ravi-beas link to provide water to other basin states.
as television channels ran the story, neeta prasad, adg, water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, had to step in to clarify that this is not a new decision; he is simply reiterating what he has always said.
the indus water treaty is a world bank-brokered water-sharing treaty between india and pakistan to use the water available in the indus water system that has six rivers.
while india gets the water flowing in the three eastern rivers  beas, ravi and the sutlej  pakistan has rights over the water in the indus, chenab and jhelum.
india is an upper riparian state and the unutilised water from the three eastern rivers flows into pakistan.
what will be diverted with the commissioning of the dam on the ravi in punjab is the water from the eastern rivers going waste downstream to pakistan.
no water from the three western rivers will be diverted.
the dam was cleared by the cabinet on december 6, 2018  two months before the pulwama attack  and is expected to be completed in the 2022-23 financial year.
while there have been calls from those demanding revenge to stop the flow of water into pakistan, violating the indus water treaty would not be free of consequences.
india could also run the risk of being at the receiving end should china decide to side with pakistan and divert water of the brahmaputra.
unsc slams attackthe un security council on thursday condemned in the strongest terms the heinous and cowardly suicide bombing in pulwama for which jaish-e-mohammed has claimed responsibility.
nagpur, oct.
20: samir meghe of the bjp was all smiles on sunday.
the younger son of datta meghe, former congress leader and one-time sharad pawar aide, had just sprung a surprise win.
a surprise because he was contesting his debut election not from the family turf of wardha but from hingna where, by his own admission, he did not know a single party worker.
yet samir, fielded by the bjp in place of sitting mla vijay ghodmare, defeated former ncp lawmaker and local stalwart ramesh bang by a huge margin.
meghe sr, a close friend of union minister nitingadkari gadkari, had switched to the bjp soon after elder son sagar lost the lok sabha election from wardha on a congress ticket.
it wasnt a bad move, as samirs victory has proved.
meghe, 78, had declared last year, when he was still lok sabha member from wardha, that he would not contest elections any more but devote himself to social work.
he may now happily retire.
his loyalist and onetime youth congress leader pankaj bhoyar too won, from wardha assembly constituency, defeating former party colleague shekhar shende.
miles away at shrigonda in ahmednagar, another defector  former minister and onetime ncp stalwart babanrao pachpute  did not enjoy similar luck, though.
a six-time legislator and a sugar baron, pachpute had been fielded by the bjp, a party that had accused him of corruption when he was state tribal affairs minister.
the voters chose rahul jagtap, a local ncp man.
ajit ghorpade, formerly with the congress and the ncp, had recently joined the bjp in tasgaon and vowed to defeat former state home minister r.r. patil.
but tasgaon stood by patil despite prime minister narendra modi addressing a massive rally for ghorpade.
panchayat boost of the about 60 candidates the bjp had poached in the last few days before nominations closed, about half have lost and half have won.
on the whole, the voters rejected those with poor track records while backing those sidelined by their own parties despite their popularity and hard work.
new faces like samir too generally found endorsement.
following the break-up of the states two major political coalitions, maharashtra had witnessed a mass of defections in the run-up to the polls.
most were engineered by the bjp, both from traditional foes and the former ally, to gain candidates in constituencies where the party was weak.
the worst sufferer was the congress, which not only lost several potential candidates across the state but was defeated in many seats by bjp nominees who had defected from the ncp or the shiv sena.
most of the defectors, like former congress minister sanjay deotale who contested from warora and lost, had been fielded from their home turfs.
but some like samir, who won from unfamiliar seats, have given the bjp a foothold in constituencies where it had none.
whether they won or lost, one potential long-time gain the defectors may have brought the bjp is improved prospects in the local body polls due across the state in two years.
especially so in the rural bodies, where the bjp has little presence.
for instance, sunil deshmukhs victory may give the bjp an edge in panchayat polls in amravati, where the congress and the sena have traditionally held sway.
deshmukh, a former congress stalwart and minister, is a popular leader and has brought over to the bjp his own support base, which could take on the sena and erode the congress significantly.
tribal children at a voter awareness campaign in jabalpur on saturday for the madhya pradesh assembly elections.
(pti)the congresss efforts to deal with a new tribal outfit in madhya pradesh has laid bare how academic theories about the importance of alliances in confronting the narendra modi juggernaut may be upstaged by the political complexities on the ground.
it had seemed a masterstroke on rahul gandhis part when he nullified the danger posed by the jai adivasi yuva shakti, which had threatened to slice away the congresss traditional tribal votes by proposing to contest 60 of the 230 assembly seats.
although the negotiations with the congress started with a demand for 40 seats, jai adivasi chief hiralal alawa, an aiims doctor, eventually settled for merely one seat  for himself.
the congress had clearly pulled off a coup.
thats when trouble erupted.
alawas disgruntled lieutenants broke away, accusing him of bartering away tribal interests for personal gain and pledging to build a new organisation.
on the other hand, the allocation of even that single seat to alawa has set off a churning in the congress, which the 133-year-old party is now quietly trying to contain.
alawa initially demanded the kukshi assembly seat in dhar, which the congress had won 10 times since 1957.
in 2013, congress candidate surendra singh baghel won kukshi by over 45,000 votes.
a near-revolt broke out in the state congress as the new ally eyed its safest seat.
already the congress had had an uncomfortable experience last year when it handed the safe assembly seat of vadgam in gujarat to dalit activist jignesh mevani.
many in the party had then grumbled that these activists accuse the congress of being a regressive force and yet try to use it for their own growth.
alawa was somehow persuaded to contest from manawar, another seat in dhar, which the congress had lost by a small margin in 2013.
alawa agreed but there was a hitch.
gajendra singh rajukhedi, veteran tribal leader and three-term congress mp from dhar, had already declared his intention of contesting from manawar and had been toiling in the constituency for the past one year.
rajukhedi, known as bhaiya, is a popular figure in the area and could have won the seat easily.
former chief minister and congress veteran digvijaya singh asked him to meet rahul.
rajukhedi, a nehru-gandhi family loyalist, gave up his claim when rahul explained to him how jai advasi could, unless appeased, harm the congress across the dhar-khargone-jhabua region.
alawa began campaigning in manawar but to an apathetic response from the voters, who insisted they would vote only for bhaiya.
digvijaya asked rajukhedi to help alawa.
this was a time when congress veteran satyavrat chaturvedi, a trusted lieutenant of sonia gandhi, had deserted the party after his son nitingadkari was denied a ticket.
nitin has now jumped into the fray with samajwadi party support.
in the run-up to this assembly election alone, the congress and the bjp have had to expel more than 100 dissidents and still face a serious challenge from at least 40 rebel candidates.
but rajukhedi chose to abide by the leaderships instructions.
he himself drove the new candidate around the constituency for two days, asking his supporters to vote for his younger brother.
these alliances do throw up unforeseen situations but the party presidents orders cant be defied, rajukhedi told the telegraph.
if rahulji tells me tosupport somebody, it becomes my duty.
i am doing a door-to-door campaign and 200 of my boys are moving with alawa every day.
asked whether the congress was sincerely helping him, alawa said: yes, gajendrabhai has offered all possible help.
the congress is honestly with me.
this does not, however, mean alawa is going to win.
local congress workers are seething, saying the imposition of an outsider had made a mockery of their decade-long hard work.
rajukhedi may again contest the parliamentary elections or be content with whatever he has got so far, but we were loyal to him and wont be left in the lurch like this, a local congress politician said.
there should be a succession process.
we are not prepared to work for alawa now.
many in the congress privately argue that the party has done well to lure jai adivasis leader away, and it should now ensure that the entire organisation is finished.
we cannot allow a new outfit to snatch our traditional support base, a party source said.
the congress has suffered a lot with the bahujan samaj party taking away the dalit vote.
if a tribal outfit emerges in madhya pradesh, we are finished here too.
it will be all over for the congress in the state anyway if we fail to win power this time.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray saturday said although there were differences between his party and the bjp earlier, all the issues have been resolved now.
he also said the two parties had similar goals and their ideologies and hearts were woven together.
thackeray also praised prime minister narendra modi, saying the opposition had no leader that matches his stature.
he was speaking at a rally here ahead of filing of nomination by bjp chief amit shah for the gandhinagar lok sabha seat.
apart from thackeray, union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari and shiromani akali dal (sad) supremo parkash singh badal and lok janshakti party (ljp) founder ram vilas paswan were present on the stage.
thackeray said he took part in the rally to give his best wishes to shah.
many people will raise eyebrows why i am here, many people are happy that i am here, but some have stomach pain due to it, thackeray said.
some people were rejoicing that the two parties with the same ideology are fighting with each other.
we had some manmutav (bad feeling) and matbhinnata (difference of opinion).
but when amit shah came to my house and we sat and held talks, all the issues were resolved, he said.
we have similar goals.
our ideologies and hearts are woven together.
we have come together because hindutva is what binds us, he added.
my father (bal thackeray) taught us that whatever we do, we should not do it from behind.
we had raised people's issues.
we have never back-stabbed and never will, he said.
shiv sena and bjp have the same ideology of hindutva.
my father used to say hindutva is our breath.
but if our breath stops how can we survive?
he asked.
thackeray said whatever happened in the last five years between the sena and the bjp is in the past now.
we should not forget our history of a partnership of 25 years that preceded these five years.
we were just two parties carrying the saffron flag, nobody was ready to align with us except badal sahib.
we were nowhere, but started walking, taking the saffron flag with us.
twenty-five years passed and our dream of hoisting the saffron flag in delhi was realised.
today, our thinking is one, our ideology is one and our leader is also one, he said.
the shiv sena and the bjp were engaged in a bitter war of words in maharashtra for the last five years of the nda rule, though they were sharing power both at the centre and state levels.
before the 2019 election, there were doubts whether the two parties would join hands or not.
however, finally both the saffron parties decided to patch up and fight the elections together.
he said the opposition parties might have joined hands, but the shiv sena and the bjp are joined by hearts.
they have 56 leaders in a rally joining hands.
it's good.
.
.
they should join hands, even if they do not get along well.
but shiv sena and bjp we are joined by hearts, he said.
they (opposition) have started pulling each others' legs even before the polls as everyone wants to become the prime minister and i am not sure how long it will go, he said.
he said the opposition has no leader that matches the stature of modi.
i would like to ask who their leader is.
if they organise a rally, will their supporters shout one name like you people shout, thackeray said, following which people started shouting 'modi, modi'.
who is against us (in opposition)?
.
.
.
nobody in this election.
you will only see saffron and saffron, he said.
dipak mishrapatna: chief minister nitish kumar has been crowing about the big windfall gain for the state in the narendra modi government's latest budget.
sadly, the figures put out by union finance minister arun jaitley give no cause for cheer.
what nitish - who increasingly owes his political survival to the support he receives from the bjp - is seeing in the union budget is a chimera.
the chief minister has said what bihar is going to get - rs 76,172.
37 crore - is beyond expectation.
in absolute terms, bihar will be getting more than what other states will receive, but the figures need to be seen in context.
under the devolution formula that was laid down by the fourteenth finance commission, bihar is entitled to 9.
665 per cent of the overall corpus created out of the 42 per cent overall share of the centre's revenues that is collectively earmarked for states.
that percentage has not changed for bihar or any other state.
result: bihar gets a 17.
04 per cent increase in net proceeds of union taxes and duties in the budget estimate for 2018-19 over the revenue estimates for 2017-18.
that increase is almost the same - barring a small two decimal variation - as the other states.
so, why is nitish kumar so chuffed while his andhra pradesh counterpart - chandrababu naidu - is seething and alleging that the centre has reneged on its promise to carve out a special package for the newly redrawn southern state?
naidu, who like nitish is an ally of the nda government at the centre, had lobbied hard for a special five-year package of over rs 20,000 crore.
andhra was hoping to receive special assistance in the form of grants so that it could repay loans and interest on externally aided projects to be built over the next five years as well as outstanding loans.
once that got nixed, naidu went ballistic.
nitish has also been seeking a special package for bihar to tide over his problems.
the centre has consistently maintained that the finance commission's recommendations on the devolution formula has put it in a straitjacket with little wiggle room for disbursing special benefits to states, except for the northeast and special category states.
while nitish is optimistic about the tax share, economists have a word of caution.
the actual central taxes given to states will depend on the collection of gst.
during the ninth and tenth finance commission period, bihar actually got rs 12,000 crore less than what was promised to it.
it was after p. chidambaram's tenure as finance minister, when the tax net increased, that bihar actually received rs 12,000 crore more than that was promised, said economist shaibal gupta.
the central tax distribution, which includes gst, income, wealth, central customs and excise taxes, is estimated to be over rs 7.
88 lakh crore for the financial year 2018-19.
in the last financial year, it was around rs 6.
73 lakh crore.
during 2018-19, bihar's estimated share is rs 76,172,37 crore against rs 65,083.
19 crore in the previous fiscal.
neighbouring state bengal for example, will be given rs 57,772.
50 crore during 2018-19 against rs 49,321.
13 crore last year.
odisha will be given rs 36,585.
93 crore against rs 31,272.
03 crore while jharkhand's central tax share has been projected at rs 24.
739.
84 crore against rs 21,143.
64 crore.
uttar pradesh, the most populous state in india, will be gaining more than rs 20,000 crore from its previous tax share in absolute terms.
the other reason for nitish to be happy about is that the prime minister's economic package of rs 1.
25 lakh crore appears to have found its ground after the chief minister's meeting with union road minister nitingadkari gadkari last week.
even if half of what was promised in the seven resolves and the pm's economic package is fulfilled by 2020, nitish kumar will go to elections on a more confident note.
during the grand alliance regime, bihar was fund-starved as the union government refused to give the remaining amount under the backward regions grant fund and progress on the pm's economic package was slow.
nitish's real challenge now is to acquire land for the remaining central projects like vikaramshila university and the second aiims gifted to bihar, said a senior jdu leader, stressing that the ease of doing business with the centre has improved after joining hands with the bjp.
ashutosh mishrabahinipati jibecongress veteran and jeypore mla tara prasad bahinipati, who is leading the popular movement for borigumma panchayat in koraput to be declared a notified area council (nac), has sought to put pressure on the government by citing the example of bijepur in bargarh district, which was recently declared an nac ahead of a bypoll in the area.
taking a dig at chief minister naveen patnaik in his inimitable style, bahinipati said: bijepur was accorded nac status out of turn because the chief minister wants votes for his party.
but the claim of borigumma has been neglected though it happens to be the states biggest panchayat.
if the chief minister will make borigumma an nac only if the local mla dies and there is a bypoll in the area, he should let me know, the veteran congress mla added, alluding to the bye-election necessitated by the death of congress mla subal sahu.
boomerangdamodar routagriculture minister damodar routs statement about union agriculture minister gajendra singh shekhawats visit to the house of bargarh farmer brunda sahu, who committed suicide on november 1 after setting his pest-hit crops on fire, has drawn severe criticism.
while rivals described the comment that sought to portray the family as pro-bjp as insensitive, sahus younger daughter, priti, lashed out at him for making such imputations.
such statements do not behove a senior minister.
he should know that we are into farming and have nothing to do with politics, she said.
many admired her courage and the dignified way the family has conducted itself since the death of its primary breadwinner.
twitter savvynaveen patnaikchief minister naveen patnaik, who is hyperactive on twitter, never misses an opportunity to comment on important issues.
he made newspersons very glad with his tweet on the national press day.
warm greetings to journalists, mediapersons on #nationalpressday.
free press is the keystone of a functional & vibrant democracy.
on this day, we commit to upholding values of a free and fair press that can guide us for a developed & #empoweredodisha, he tweeted.
his tweet after meeting acid attack survivors also drew praise.
glad to meet the inspiring ladies from @sheroeshangout caf.
acid attack survivors are the true heroes, epitome of strength, courage & never-say-die attitude, he wrote.
signs of troubledilip raythe slow progress on the second bridge over the brahmani river in rourkela, for which the foundation stone was laid by union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari in july, may become embarrassing for the bjp.
supporters of local party mla, dilip ray, who campaigned to turn the project into reality, are said to be unhappy with the progress, which has become a prestige issue for them.
some have been vocal about it, which could dent the partys image.
the balancing factor happens to be union tribal affairs minister and sundargarh mp jual oram.
he has no such complaints and remains confident about the projects timely completion.
modi fanchandra sarathi beheraunion tribal affairs minister, jual oram, knows which side of his bread is buttered.
this was evident from his twitter account, which has several tweets and retweets highlighting the leadership qualities of prime minister narendra modi.
rise in popularity of pm @narendramodi among various demographic groups is an endorsement of his commitment and continuous efforts to make india a vishwaguru again, read one tweet, while another said: pm shri @narendramodis popularity is unbeatable across india.
yet another said: most indians hold a favorable opinion of prime minister narendra modi, and many are content with the state of the economy and the countrys direction.
footnotethe young minister of state for sports and youth services, chandra sarathi behera, has become the envy of his ministerial colleagues with bhubaneswar emerging as one of the major sporting centres of the country under his watch.
the first-time minister, who collected accolades for the successful organisation of the asian athletics championship in the state capital, is now pulling out all stops to ensure that the upcoming mens world hockey league final at kalinga stadium meets the high standards set by the sports governing body.
the department seems to have come into its own under him, said a bureaucrat.
the centre has proposed to rebuild the dock area roads in calcutta in concrete as a permanent solution but suggested the mamata banerjee government chip in with half the cost.
shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari, who chaired a meeting in delhi to discuss the traffic mess around calcutta port, came up with the suggestion that would call for rs 150 crore investment.
city cops have cited poor road condition and lack of parking space while slapping a 14-hour ban on the movement of heavy goods vehicles in most of the 32 roads owned and maintained by the port trust.
the ban has thrown external trade out of gear and cut off supplies to several industries there.
the hours have been relaxed for three days from wednesday following parleys among the port authorities, police and the government.
the port authorities have committed to taking up permanent repairs of 12 roads at a cost of rs 65 crore.
minister gadkari has suggested that the bengal government bear 50 per cent of the cost of concreting over the roads as common people use them as well.
it is not immediately clear if the state will take up the financial responsibility.
in the past it did not agree to pick up the tab as the roads belonged to the port trust though the general public uses them.
financial commitment notwithstanding, the local administration will face major challenges if the roads were to be concreted over as all underground utilities - water, sewerage, electricity and telecommunication - will have to be shifted so that roads won't have to be dug up for repairs.
urban development minister firhad hakim said concreting over some of the roads would be impossible because of the underground utilities.
it will be impossible to remove water mains and brick sewers because there isn't enough space by the roadside.
he said the state government had in a meeting with the port authorities on tuesday promised to maintain the three main thoroughfares in the area: taratala road, garden reach road and hyde road.
and we will stick to it, hakim said.
babul supriyo, minister for state for heavy industries and public enterprises, has been entrusted with reasoning with the state government for the collaborative approach, a source said.
bjp's supriyo, who was in the meeting with gadkari, said the senior minister had given him several responsibilities for bengal.
he (gadkari) was very positive.
several issues were discussed with positive outcome.
it is good for bengal.
he clearly said the port trust has to do it at its own cost as this is the port's responsibility, supriyo said.
the minister also suggested a flyover from vidyasagar setu to netaji subhas dock in kidderpore at central cost if the defence ministry gave permission.
the high waylast week, after it came to be known that the westminster magistrates court in london had ordered absconding businessman and loan defaulter vijay mallya's extradition, our minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari said something.
the gist of it: this man paid his dues for the longest time and then came a point when he faced hardship, owing to a setback in business.
okay, so he defaulted, but are we going to call him a fraud, a chor, only for this?
mr minister rounded it all up with a saintly reprimand, this mentality isn't right.
right mentalitynow, it is for you to figure out whose mentality needs righting.
you could even hazard an emi or two  to test if an alternate mentality exists.
for now, suffices to say that mallya has allegedly defaulted on rs 9,000 crore in payments to banks.
just to give you an idea, that is exactly how much the government of india is looking to recover by selling land and real estate properties of debt-ridden air india.
just to give you another idea, each of those much-talked-about rafale jets cost rs 1,660 crore, if we go by the february 2017 statement issued by anil ambanis reliance group.
scot-freethe union finance minister arun jaitley obviously is of a different kind of mentality.
he reacted to the news of mallyas extradition thus: great day for india.
no one who cheats india will go scot-free.
scot in its 16th century sense meant tax or fee.
in the 1792 satirical epistle to lord macartney, cornish poet john wolcot wrote of the celebrations on the eve of the good lord's departure to china: such eating and such guzzling every day;/nothing to pay!
/all the duke's friends, great quality and small,/our great king george, and lovely queen,/were entertain'd scot-free i ween;/ our generous nation doomd to pay it all.
enough etymology, back to rhetoric.
about jaitleys reaction, its all very well and we are quaking in our boots except that the man did go scot-free and that too after giving a certain finance minister a heads up in 2016, in parliament at that.
dont force indiabut we live in strange equivocal times, when a chor is not a chor, neither is a chowkidar a chowkidar.
and the spoken word is but a malleable thing, meaning neither this nor that nor anything in particular.
in september, when mallya first spoke up about his offer to the finance minister to settle with the banks, an outraged jaitley had said, the statement is factually false in as much as it does not reflect truth.
flummoxed by such a reaction, or perhaps just heavily cautioned, mallya told the media then: it was a totally innocent statement made by me that i told jaitley that i was going to london.
this time round, in between force india updates and kingfisher promotions, mallya tweeted: with respect where have i defrauded banks?
i did not borrow a single rupee.
the borrower was kingfisher airlines.
money was lost due to a genuine and sad business failure (sic).
truth.
innocent.
respect.
genuine.
sad.
is that what you heard?
i heard this  oo la la la le oo.
new delhi, march 22: sushma swaraj today responded with a tweet to a whisper campaign in the bjp that she was being conciliatory to the government.
well, the dinner and details are all imaginary.
the correct news is that i am moving a privilege notice against the pm, sushma said, back to making a political point on twitter after a lull.
the reference was to a gossip item in a delhi daily that claimed the prime minister had invited sushma and her family for dinner to thank her for suggesting the controversy over the appointment of p.j. thomas as chief vigilance commission should be buried.
let matters rest, sushma, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, had famously tweeted on march 4 after manmohan singh owned personal responsibility for the appointment.
party president nitingadkari gadkari then publicly snubbed her, asserting on march 9 that the cvc issue was not over for the bjp and that his line was the party line.
after tweeting on somali pirates, fishermen caught by sri lanka and similar issues since, sushma was back today to attack the government with a vigour that a party source said he hasnt seen for ages.
the privilege notice  that awaits admission by the speaker  alleges the prime minister had misled the lok sabha with the information that the bribery charge in the 2008 cash-for-votes scandal was not established for want of information.
it said the parliamentary committee that probed the issue had said one of the players, sanjeev saxena, was a bribe-giver and his role needed to be investigated.
arun jaitley, the bjps leader in the rajya sabha, has submitted a privilege notice that is worded a little differently and makes a reference to the jmm bribery scandal during a 1993 trust vote won by p.v. narasimha rao.
sushma rejected another item in the daily that said she had sulked after gadkaris snub and refused to attend an internal meeting until party veteran l.k. advani placated her.
a source close to sushma said regardless of gadkaris put-down, she was determined to use twitter to put her view on record.
it is her weapon against the canards that her adversaries keep spreading, the source said.
asked if the bjps stall-and-adjourn tactics might prove counterproductive to its long-term political interests as they had in the upas first tenure, sushma today said: we did not want to create a constitutional crisis for the government or put a hurdle in the passage of the finance bill.
so we staged a walkout.
the bjp would not have walked out had the government allowed a discussion on the prime ministers statement on the wikileaks cables in the rajya sabha today.
but i could not raise this point in the lok sabha because under the rules, the affairs of one house cannot be brought up in the other, sushma contended.
in her role as opposition leader, sushmas initial instinct led her to try to bridge the bjp-congress divide.
in the first few months of upa-ii, she did not miss an opportunity to connect with congress president sonia gandhi and the leader of the lok sabha pranab mukherjee.
her rapport with speaker meira kumar was also apparent.
sources said her attempt to rise above partisan politics and discard her infamous anti-sonia image of 2004 did not go down well with the rss, which prodded gadkari to issue the disapproval.
a road signage at mahadeoganj where the bridge construction will take place.
the telegraph pictureover a hundred bikers are campaigning for the bjp on the sahebganj-dumka highway, but in mahadeoganj, barely 3km from here, flags bearing the partys lotus symbol are remarkably few in number.
the mood doesnt seem upbeat.
election aata jata rahega karna kya hai, bas jake vote kar dena hai.
2014 main to vikas ke liye vote diye the.
is bar dekhte hain (election will come and go.
what else will we do, we will simply cast our vote.
we had voted for development in 2014.
this time we will see), said sonu pandey (40), a petrol pump owner of the town of 1,000 homes.
the mood of disenchantment does not mirror the energy and enthusiasm of the bjp motorbike rallyists of mahadeoganj, the states northern most town sandwiched between the river ganga in the north, rajmahal hills in the south, malda district of bengal in the east and bhagalpur district of bihar in the west.
it was here in april 2017 when prime minister narendra modi laid the foundation stone of a multi-modal port and a bridge linking sahebganj to manihari (in katihar) district of bihar.
bahut ummeed se zameen diye the bridge ke liye, muavza bhi mil gaya, par bridge ka kaam shuru hi nahi hua (i had given my land with the hope that the bridge will be constructed.
i have got compensation for the land too.
but the bridge work is yet to begin), said mohammed akhtar (35), a contract worker who parted with 6 katha land for which he has received compensation at the rate of rs 56,000 per katha last year.
another resident, who has also given land for the bridge, echoed akhtars disappointment that work on the bridge was yet to start.
the bridge would have opened economic corridors for us.
it would have reduced transit time to bihar and opened up a trading route to northeastern states.
as traffic flow would have increased it would have boosted trade prospects for locals who could have opened small shops too.
we were also expecting some industries and private firms to set up base here, said mohammed kalam (26), a tailor.
the rs 2,265-crore four-lane, 21.
9km bridge over the ganga is being constructed under the supervision ofnational highways authority of india (nhai).
the tenders are still being floated, more than two years after the foundation stone was laid by the prime minister, who declared that the bridge, to be ready by april 2022, would open doors to prosperity.
it is, therefore, central to the campaign of rajmahal, a seat reserved for scheduled tribes, considered to be a jmm bastion along with dumka in santhal pargana.
with 14 lakh voters, rajmahal is witnessing a close fight with hemlal murmu of the bjp pitted against the jmm sitting mp vijay hansda who had managed to hold on to the seat despite the modi wave of 2014.
the lok sabha seat covers districts of pakur and sahebganj and has six assembly segmentsrajmahal, pakur, barhait, borio, littipara and maheshpur.
while the bjp holds two (rajmahal, borio), jmm holds three (barhait, littipara and maheshpur) and the congress one (pakur).
jmm insiders are banking on the demographics of the constituency, confident of having the support of minorities and tribals.
muslims, most of them migrants from bangladesh, comprise 26.
4 per cent of the voters while tribals comprise 43 per cent.
jmms vijay hansda is talking about the bridge delay at every meeting, trying to dent the bjps claims of having ushered in development in the santhal pargana region.
this bridge is a falsehood.
this party (bjp) only cheats people to seek votes, be ittribals or non-tribals, said the sitting mp, who is the son of veteran congress leader and two-time local mp thomas hansda.
thomas was backing up his sons efforts on the last day of campaigning on friday at barhawah, around 55km from sahebganj town, interacting with local tribals.
bjp leaders were, however, quick to refute the jmms claims.
ever since independence who had ever thought of this bridge?
it was the combined decision of our prime minister and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari that the project was conceptualised.
some technical problems in the tendering process has cropped up.
these will be sorted soon.
bridge construction work will begin soon after the elections, countered state bp state general secretary deepak prakash who has been camping in dumka.
in rajmahal, we will win comprehensively, he claimed.
the bjps santhal pargana in-charge and rajmahal mla anant ojha claimed that tribals, especially the young, were supporting them.
tribals have become conscious that the bjp is serious about their upliftment.
young tribals are rooting for the modi government, he claimed.
party workers should fulfil their domestic responsibilities first because those who cannot do so cannot manage the country, pti quoted union minister nitingadkari gadkari as having said.
he was speaking at a gathering of former workers of the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the bjps student wing, in nagpur on saturday.
i meet many people who say we want to devote our lives to the bjp, for the country.
i asked (one such person), what do you do and who all are there in your family?
he said, i have closed my shop as it was not doing well.
.
.
.
there is my wife at home, children.
i said, first take care of your home, because one who cannot manage his home cannot manage the country.
(prime minister narendra modi has often said in public that he has no family, and therefore no reason to be corrupt.
he has said that he left his family and his home for the service of the nation, adds our bureau.
new delhi, may 31: aam aadmi party leader yogendra yadav today resigned from all party posts, taking moral responsibility for the poor performance in haryana, a state in his charge.
the move is being seen as an attempt to defuse growing discontent within the party towards the leadership.
yadav resigned as the partys haryana affairs in-charge and as member of its political affairs committee.
the aap had failed to win a single seat in haryana and yadav himself had lost from the gurgaon lok sabha seat.
another prominent aap face in haryana, naveen jaihind, also resigned as national executive member.
yadav refused to speak about his resignation when contacted but tweeted later that he had not quit the party.
rumours about my quitting aap are baseless.
i am very much with the party and committed to working for it harder than ever, the psephologist-turned-politician posted on twitter.
the aap rank and file are furious after the partys lok sabha poll debacle.
the anger has been directed at the top leadership, which is accused of taking unilateral decisions, including that to contest too many lok sabha seats without adequate preparation.
yadavs resignation is being seen as an attempt to quell the anger and secure workers sympathy ahead of the delhi assembly elections.
the election is expected later this year along with haryana.
we will talk to yogendraji and naveen jaihind.
they are still part of the party, aap spokesperson sanjay singh said.
party chief arvind kejriwal choosing jail over bail in a defamation case filed by bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari was also aimed at regaining the sympathy of party volunteers and voters.
kejriwal has already acknowledged more than once that he had made a mistake in quitting as delhi chief minister and promised a rehaul of the partys organisational structure.
the resignations offered are for constructive reasons, for betterment of the party and nation at large, said another aap spokesperson, dilip pandey.
the aap is worried its attempt to spread its reach across the country in the lok sabha elections after quitting the government in delhi has not gone down well with voters and, to bounce back, it needs to regain peoples support.
kejriwal has asked volunteers to go on a door-to-door campaign, acknowledging the mistake in quitting the government and asking for another chance to fulfil the partys pro-people promises.
new delhi, april 7: the manifesto tom-tommed maximum governance, minimum government but narendra modi tried to give his credo a human and inclusive face, talking of the poor and even spouting urdu.
for the greater part of the two-hour launch, the prime ministerial candidate had looked grim as drafting panel head murli manohar joshis opening remarks dragged on.
modi occasionally chatted with his neighbour on the stage, rajnath singh, or shared a joke with anchorperson ravi shankar prasad till his turn to speak came.
then, true to style, the gujarat chief minister encapsulated his outlook in three succinct undertakings.
i wish to make three promises personally.
i will not be found wanting on hard work, i will not do anything for myself and i will never work with bud irade (mala fide intentions), he said.
the choice of urdu was read by political observers as an assurance to the countrys minorities who are largely hostile to modi despite his occasional outreaches through state-sponsored harmony or sadbhavna missions.
modi said the core issues before the voters were good governance and development.
when we speak of development, it should be integrated, all-round development that will be appreciated by one and all.
when we talk of good governance, it should be governance that first thinks of the poor and the oppressed and listens to them, he said.
to the countrys dalits and poor, a government is the only lifeline to shelter, food, education and affordable health.
our vision is based on deen dayal upadhyayas (jan sangh founder) principle of antodaya (serving the last person in the queue).
he issued a call to make the country strong so that whenever india has to negotiate with a world power or another country, it should be from a position of parity.
duniya humein aankh dikhaye nahin, lekin humse aankh milane ka usko man kar jaye (let not the world browbeat us but want to meet us as equals), he said.
modi claimed the essence of the manifesto was contained in the pledge to take the country out of the morass it has sunk into, fulfil the dreams of indias 125 crore people with determination, and bring a whiff of fragrance from the bouquet of dreams to their lives.
sharing the stage were l.k. advani, joshi, sushma swaraj and rajnath singh.
arun jaitley was away filing his nomination in amritsar while nitingadkari gadkari is tied up in nagpur.
rajnath singhnew delhi, may 28: rajnath singh started the exercise of picking the next bjp president this morning, meeting rss chief mohanrao bhagwat and his senior colleagues suresh joshi and suresh soni at the sanghs headquarters here.
rajnath quit as the party chief after he was inducted as home minister in the narendra modi government.
bjp sources said the choice of the next party chief would determine whether prime minister modis writ would continue to run over the party as well.
it is learnt that modi would like amit shah, the general secretary who pulled off the bjps resounding victory in uttar pradesh in the elections, or om mathur to succeed rajnath.
mathur, who hails from rajasthan, has had a long association with modi by virtue of being the partys gujarat minder.
mathur is also close to shah.
however, the sanghs choice is believed to be another general secretary, j.p. nadda, who was promoted in the organisation by nitingadkari gadkari when he was the bjp chief.
the rsss hope is that through nadda, it would have a larger say in the bjps matters.
if the mantle goes to shah or mathur, the sangh fears modis stranglehold over the government and the party would be absolute.
rajnath called on modi after meeting the sangh brass.
nagpur, sept.
3: the bjp has firmed up an alliance with the swabhimani shetkari sanghatna (sss) and plans to sew up a pact with three other small parties in maharashtra over this week in a loud signal to its oldest ally, the shiv sena.
the hunt for friends comes at a time the bjp is driving a hard bargain with the sena for a 50:50 seat-sharing formula in the upcoming assembly elections in maharashtra.
the bjp so far has been a junior partner in the state during the assembly elections, contesting in 114 of the 288 seats while the sena fought in 174 seats.
in the lok sabha elections, the bjp played the big brother.
the dual policy was worked out during the time of pramod mahajan, gopinath munde and balasaheb thackeray  all of who have passed away.
the assembly elections later this year will be the first time the alliance will fight without the guidance of any of the three leaders.
besides, the bjp is nationally in a resurgent mood and it wants to test the partner to see how far it can push for more seats.
the bjp yesterday pressed ahead minus the sena to tie up with the sss, a party influential among farmers in maharashtra and can dent the congress-ncp base if it is part of an alliance.
the bjp is expected to reach out in the next few days to the rpi (athavale), the rashtriya samaj paksha (rsp), and shiv sangram  all part of the mahayuti (grand alliance) that was formed before the lok sabha elections.
the fate of the bjp-sena alliance will define the shape of the congress-ncp alliance.
tensions have surfaced in the ruling alliance, too, and any rift in the bjp-sena camp is expected to embolden the ncp and the congress to go to the polls alone or with new partners.
we will not settle for anything less than 50 per cent seats, the bjps maharashtra president, devendra fadnavis, said today, a day before amit shah, the partys national president arrives in mumbai.
its a fair demand, considering the political situation, fadnavis added.
several rounds of talks between the bjp and sena on seat sharing have so far remained inconclusive and fuelled rancour.
the bjp broke an unwritten rule with the sena when it welcomed local sena leaders and workers into the party fold in nashik two days ago.
the two allies have rarely poached on each other in maharashtra.
suggestions that shah wont be meeting uddhav thackeray, the sena leader, during his mumbai tour have also served to widen the perceived divide.
yesterday, shah did not give an appointment to sena rajya sabha member sanjay raut who tried meeting the bjp chief in delhi to break the seat-sharing deadlock.
the recent bjp posturing has not gone down well with the sena or its workers.
we want dignified treatment, sena leader diwakar raote told a news channel last evening.
sena leaders say the party is ready to forgo some seats for the bjp and other allies but on its own terms.
all the bjps key leaders in maharashtra, including union minister nitingadkari gadkari, have long detested the alliance with the shiv sena, saying it was standing in the way of the national partys growth in maharashtra.
fadnavis said a large section of workers in the party were of the opinion that the bjp should fight the polls without the sena if the partner was not ready to accept the 50:50 formula.
the bjps assessment is that voters would vote more for its candidates than that of the sena.
several ncp leaders are said to be waiting to cross over to the bjps fold.
raj thackerays mns might be game to join in the new alliance should the bjp decide to break its marriage with the sena.
we want the alliance to stay but not on the old terms, fadnavis said.
things have changed, the sena must realise this.
chandni chowk kapil sibal (cong)ashutosh gupta (aam aadmi party)harshvardhan (bjp) union minister sibal had sailed through the past two polls from this delhi seat because of near-total muslim support but has competition this year.
ashutosh, a former cnn-ibn anchorperson, is wooing muslims and the dominant banias.
he never used his (bania) surname as a journalist but appended it as soon as his nomination was announced.
harshvardhan, the bjp chief ministerial candidate in the recent assembly polls and an ent specialist, is a chandni chowk native but had so far been stifled by fellow bjp bania vijay goel.
this time he has the backing of narendra modi and arun jaitley.
mumbai north-central priya dutt (cong)poonam mahajan rao (bjp)phiroze palkhiwala (aap) chandigarh kirron kher (bjp)gul panag (aap)pawan bansal (cong)) nagpur nitingadkari gadkari (bjp)anjali damania (aap)vilas muttemwar (congress) ghaziabad v.k. singh (bjp)raj babbar (cong)shazia ilmi (aam aadmi party) amritsar arun jaitley (bjp)amarinder singh (cong) varanasi narendra modi (bjp)vs who?
aam aadmi party chief arvind kejriwal will decide on march 26 whether to take modi on following a referendum  a vote before the vote  among the constituencys voters.
the congress has not named its nominee yet, keeping alive speculation whether the party will back kejriwal although it has discounted the possibility of doing so.
the bsp was expected to field its best-known brahmin, satish chandra mishra.
but the word is that mishra, myawatis chief political aide, told some people: mein apni gardan katwaunga kya (should i offer myself up for slaughter)?
the received wisdom is that only a heavyweight pandit (brahmin) can complete against modi in the holy city, although the brahmins clout in managing religious affairs in the town has dwindled with the rise of the backward castes and dalits.
modi is from a backward caste but the bjp claims his caste doesnt count here.
the party slogan har, har modi, ghar, ghar modi  improvised on a popular chant about varanasis primary deity shiva  is said to have offended many pious brahmins.
after the shankaracharya of dwarka peeth, swaroopanand saraswati, protested, modi tweeted on sunday: some enthusiastic supporters have been using the slogan har har modi.
irespect their enthusiasm, but request them not to use this slogan in the future.
dev rajgreen options: chief minister nitish kumar and union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari check a motorbike filled with alternative fuel in new delhi on wednesday.
picture by prem singhpatna: chief minister nitish kumar met union minister for road transport, highways, shipping, water resources and ganga rejuvenation nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi at his 2, motilal nehru place residence on wednesday and requested him to resolve the issue of siltation in rivers to save the state from floods fury.
nitish said the floods in 2017 led to such destruction that rs 4,600 crore had to be distributed as relief grant from the contingency fund.
around rs 4,000-5,000 crore was spent on relief for the flood-affected people.
floodwater coming from nepal wreaks havoc in bihar and neighbouring states like uttar pradesh.
its necessary to urgently resolve the issue.
priority should be given to flood management and there is a need to seek assistance from nepal, nitish urged gadkari at the meeting.
bihar water resources minister rajiv ranjan singh, chief secretary anjani kumar singh, union water resources secretary u.p. singh and several other officials were present at the meeting.
we will initiate swift action on the suggestions given by nitish.
nitish requested gadkari to ensure that pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (pmksy) for irrigation, as well as, accelerated irrigation benefit programme (aibp) are successfully implemented in bihar.
the two leaders also reviewed irrigation projects like durgawati, punpun, kosi, west gandak canal, bateshwar sthan and others.
nitish asked officials to provide details of under-construction irrigation project to the centre and requested gadkari to look into the matter and conduct a review to ensure the projects are completed on time.
the two also witnessed the trial of zero-emission e-auto rickshaw and ethanol-based motorcycle and auto-rickshaw in delhi.
gadkari requested nitish to use more ethanol and biomass-based vehicles as it will substitute the need to import fossil fuel.
nitish said ethanol production in the state has increased after prohibition.
simultaneous pollsnitish said that he did not see any possibility of simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections in the country, as such a move needed fulfilment of various constitutional steps.
this will take much time, he said.
he said he was theoretically in favour of holding simultaneous polls because it will reduce the expenditure.
roshan kumarpatna: lok janshakti party (ljp) chief and union minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution ram vilas paswan on sunday organised a makar sankranti feast after a gap of nearly more than a decade in patna with several vips, including chief minister nitish kumar and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, attending.
paswan has been organising makar sankranti feast for leaders and party workers but the destination has always remained delhi.
this time, the ljp's makar sankranti feast was in the state capital.
in 2015, ahead of the state assembly elections, paswan had organised a makar sankranti feast at his new delhi residence with prime minister narendra modi, senior bjp leaders lk advani and union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari and others attending the event.
last year, the ljp had to cancel its makar sankranti feast after ram vilas paswan was admitted in a private hospital after he complained of breathlessness.
leaders from all constituents of nda, including bjp, jdu, rlsp and jitan ram manjhi's hindustani awam morcha (secular) attended the event.
nitish, after attending the jdu's dahi-chura party, reached the ljp office around 1pm.
welcoming the chief minister, paswan hugged nitish while his son chirag paswan touched nitish's feet.
though the chief minister didn't taste dahi (curd) and chura (flattened rice), he enjoyed a bite of tilkut (a sweet item made of sesame seed) offered by paswan.
nitish stayed at the ljp office for 10 minutes.
on the reason behind the feast in patna after a gap of nearly a decade, ljp state president pashupati kumar paras said: with the changing political alliance in the state and keeping in mind the 2019 general election in mind, we decided to have the makar sankranti feast in patna.
the ljp state president claimed that there is a cordial relation between all nda constituents.
the ljp state chief termed ljp mp veena devi's outburst against chief minister nitish kumar for not allowing her a seat on the stage as a mistake of the munger district administration and had nothing to do with the alliance.
paras said: the munger mp has till now not made any complaint about the alleged ill treatment she had to face at the function.
on tuesday, veena devi, the lok sabha mp from munger, had walked out of a review meeting presided over by nitish because she did have a seat on the dais.
though veena, the wife of former mp and one-time don surajbhan singh, too, attended the feast, she left the venue much before rajiv ranjan alias lallan singh reached the venue.
in the 2014 elections, veena defeated lallan from munger by a margin of over 1.
09 lakh votes and sources said her anger erupted when she saw water resources minister lallan singh on the stage at the auditorium in munger last week.
new delhi, july 24: prime minister narendra modi hosted rss chief mohanrao bhagwat and his colleagues for dinner this evening at his race course road residence.
general secretary suresh bhaiyya joshi and joint general secretaries suresh soni, dattatreya hosabale and krishna gopal accompanied bhagwat.
sources said the dinner was essentially a thanksgiving, hosted by modi to express his gratitude towards and acknowledgment of the rsss support to his leadership and cooperation with the bjp cadre during the 2014 elections.
no one from the bjp was invited, indicating that unlike atal bihari vajpayee, modi has an easy equation with the sangh.
in november 2000, vajpayee had invited then rss chief k.s. sudarshan and his colleagues bhagwat, who was then a general secretary, h.v. seshadri and madan das devi to dinner.
he made it a point to also invite l.k. advani, then bjp president bangaru laxman and laxmans predecessor kushabhau thakre.
atalji was never comfortable in a one-on-one situation with the sangh leaders, a source recalled.
that was the first and last time that prime minister vajpayee supped with the rss brass.
his relations with sudarshan later went downhill over several issues, notably economic policies.
bjp and rss sources said the modi-bhagwat association  which goes back a long way to the years when modi was discovered and nurtured by bhagwats father, madhukar bhagwat, at that time a pracharak in gujarat  was not expected to follow the vajpayee-sudarshan trajectory.
the main reason is that even the sangh realises that in spite of all its hard work and dedication (in the lok sabha polls), the catalyst for the victory was modis projection as the pm candidate.
with the kind of mandate that the bjp won, the sangh has figured out that it is purposeless to needle modi, a source said.
modi, said rss sources, was a pracharak (sangh whole-timer) while vajpayee was a swayamsevak.
the demoninations represent the difference between an abiding sense of commitment to the rsss ideology and values that a pracharak has and a little-more-than-peripheral association a swayamsevak brings with him, a source said.
we are sure that modi will never let the sangh down.
even if he takes policy decisions that might upset some of our constituents like he did in gujarat when he hiked power tariffs across the board, he will never ever betray peoples faith in him, his government and the bjp by tolerating corruption, indiscipline and misdeeds, the source said.
earlier in the day, joshi, soni, hosabale and gopal went to the residence of union minister and former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari for a meeting.
new party chief amit shah, shahs immediate predecessor rajnath singh and the general secretary (organisation), ramlal, were present.
over lunch, they discussed shahs prospective team of office-bearers, sources said.
shah is keen on recasting the bjps apparatus to make it look young and fresh which, sources said, means that even those party officials who have not made it to modis council of ministers might lose their jobs.
new delhi, march 8: bjp veteran murli manohar joshi asked rajnath singh why the party had allowed the propaganda pitching for narenda modis candidature from varanasi to go unchecked.
in a meeting of the central election committee, also attended by modi, the sitting mp from varanasi demanded an explanation from the bjp president for allowing the speculation to gain currency and not doing anything to check it.
sources said rajnath brushed aside joshis objections and carried on with the meetings agenda.
asked about the brewing controversy over varanasi, rajnath told the telegraph: truth to be told, uttar pradesh didnt figure in todays discussions even in passing.
in varanasi, a poster war is being fought between supporters of joshi and modi.
joshi was angry that rajnath would not convey directly to him that his services were no longer required in varanasi and that he shift to another constituency, sources said.
the varanasi mp wasnt the only source of trouble in the election committee meeting.
lok sabha opposition leader sushma swaraj, backed by her mentor l.k. advani, re-stated her objections to the merger of the bsr congress with the bjp in karnataka and counselled rajnath to abandon the move.
the bjp has put on hold the announcement of candidates from three constituencies in karnataka.
this includes bellary that the bsr congress chief, b.s. sriramulu, is keen on.
the party today released a list of some candidates for assam, karnataka, kerala, odisha and tripura and bengal.
former karnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa  who recently returned to the bjp  will contest from shimoga, his bastion.
newspaper proprietor chandan mitra has been fielded from hooghly although he is a rajya sabha mp from madhya pradesh.
general secretary ananth kumar will contest again from bangalore south that he has won five times in a row.
this time, he will be pitted against uidai chief and infosys co-founder, nandan nilekani, of the congress.
the bjp made it clear it will not have a truce with the mns in maharashtra and will stick to its old ally, the shiv sena.
it is no, no, no to the mns from our side, stressed general secretary and maharashtra in-charge, rajiv pratap rudy.
nitin gadkari, the former bjp president, recently dallied with raj thackeray, suggesting that the mns chief should make up with his cousin and sena president, uddhav thackeray, and fight as part of the bjp-sena coalition to ensure that the anti-congress-ncp votes are not split.
raj was non-committal but uddhav protested gadkaris overtures and insinuated that he had let his alleged commercial instincts take the better of the bjps political sense and wisdom.
the party clarified that gadkaris meeting with raj was a personal call and the bjp had nothing to do with it.
however, more than the concern about upsetting the sena, bjp sources emphasised even a dalliance with the mns would anger their party units in uttar pradesh and bihar.
the mnss anti-north indian migrants campaign had consolidated the hindi-speaking votes in maharashtras cities behind the congress and the ncp.
the bjp fears even a tacit understanding with raj could upset its applecart in bihar and uttar pradesh.
dev rajchief minister nitish kumar (top) and (above) union minister nitingadkari gadkaripatna: the bihar government on saturday took exception to union minister nitingadkari gadkari singling it out for delay in centre-assisted road projects.
gadkari, the union minister for road transport and highways, had on friday said that the ministry's projects in bihar were stalled for want of land, and had asked the state government to pay attention to land acquisition.
a day later, the state government blamed the new land acquisition law that came into effect from 2014.
the implementation of the new land acquisition act in 2014 led to many changes in directives and processes.
it led to much time taking in land acquisition.
now processes and directives are clear, hence land acquisition is going on smoothly, said a release by the state public relations department said.
it also asserted that the state government will initiate land acquisition promptly for the bharatmala project once the centre sends request with regard to the roads in bihar selected under it.
the bharatmala project seeks to connect 550 district headquarters with minimum four-lane roads and move 80 per cent freight traffic to national highways.
it will subsume all existing highway projects.
the problem of land acquisition is present in every state, said road construction principal secretary amrit lal meena.
meena said: the density of population and the pressure on land is very high in bihar.
these make acquisition work complicated and time consuming.
in a state like bihar we have to struggle for every kilometre due to high population density.
however, all district magistrates have been given a timeframe for various projects in which they have to complete the acquisition.
the department has formed a land acquisition cell of experienced officers.
we expect all land acquisition related work to be completed within three months, said a source in the department.
another state official pointed that bengal tops the country when it comes to land acquisition problems for central projects.
a senior bihar bureaucrat, who spoke under cover of anonymity, said that the centre was also responsible for the delay in the roads and bridges projects in the state as it took a rigid stance on various issues and lacked a practical approach.
they (the centre) stipulate that 60 to 90 per cent land should be first acquired before any work on the project, including bidding process, is started.
it should waive this condition in states like bihar and start the work once some land is acquired.
the rest will be acquired as the work continues, cutting down unnecessary delays, the senior bureaucrat said.
sources in the know said the release by the state public relations department was issued on the instructions of chief minister nitish kumar.
asserting that all possible assistance and participation in the construction of basic infrastructure in the form of roads and bridges were being ensured, the state government also gave a low-down on the 82 road projects worth rs 54,700 crore that are part of prime minister narendra modi's special package of rs 1.
25 lakh crore announced for bihar in the run-up to the 2015 assembly elections.
the national highway authority of india (nhai) is to implement 24 of these projects, while the national highway division of the road construction department is to execute 58.
per state government figures, work on 47 of 82 projects is going on.
ten projects are in the bid or approval stage, detailed project reports for 25 projects are being made, of which 18 are to be made by the state and they will be despatched to the centre by august 31 this year.
the state government asserted that work is going on in all the projects in which execution has started, except the patna-koilwar section of the patna-buxar four-lane road.
it pointed out that it has recommended an elevated road between shivala and bihta in patna district for the purpose.
pema khandu, nitingadkari gadkari and kiren rijiju at roing in arunachal pradesh on thursday.
picture by ub photosunion road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday inaugurated and laid foundation stones for national highway projects worth rs 9,533 crore at two separate functions at roing and ziro in arunachal pradesh.
the four mantras of development  water, power, transport and communication  can only bring welfare to the poor and farmers, villagers and the common man, he told the gathering.
we are happy that we have concentrated on improving road communication in the northeast and till date we have spent rs 2.
50 crore on development of roads and other infrastructure projects which will change the picture of the place, he said.
gadkaris visit comes ahead of the 2019 lok sabha and assembly polls in arunachal, which will most probably be held simultaneously in april.
connectivity is a major issue in the frontier state which borders china.
at roing, he dedicated several small bridges, built over the dibang and lohit rivers at a cost of rs 1,508 crore and totalling 30.
95km in length, and two two-lane roads  from mahadevpur to buridihing (25.
14km) and from bordumsa to namchuk (22.
23km)  built at a total cost of rs 326.
51 crore, to the people.
he also laid the foundation of 11 two-lane roads, three at roing (length 96.
47km and costing rs 2,114.
62 crore) and eight at ziro (length 472km and costing rs 5,583.
92 crore).
at ziro, gadkari assured the people of arunachal that the centre would leave no stone unturned in supporting the development of the state.
he said the new highways and bridges would ensure quicker, safer, all-weather connectivity for the people of state.
lauding the centres support, chief minister khandu said in roing, these infrastructure projects will transform the picture of northeastern states as it will boost connectivity, bridge the gap with the far-flung areas and allow development to make in-roads.
at ziro, khandu said the state government would strictly deal with anyone involving in corruption related to highway compensation.
he said because of land compensation issues and exorbitant compensation rates, the potin-pangin highway was unable to make a headway despite the project being launched in 2008.
minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju, deputy chief minister chowna mein, state minister bamang felix, state bjp president tapir gao, chief secretary satya gopal, national highways & infrastructure development corporation limited (nhidcl) managing director n.n. sinha and others were present at the events.
the report carried by the telegraph on the new bridge in its november 15, 2011, edition the financial help for constructing a new bridge across river ganga in patna would come from asian development bank (adb).
the adb has agreed to provide rs 5,000 crore loan to the bihar government for constructing the 9.
76km six-lane bridge.
the southern end of the bridge would be at kachchi dargah, east of the existing gandhi setu, and the northern end at bidupur in vaishali.
the project entails construction of approach roads as well.
as things stand now, a dilapidated gandhi setu is the only bridge that connects north bihar with patna.
the new bridge is likely to be constructed in the next four years and the work would be executed in public-private partnership mode.
sharing details with reporters about the adb help, road construction minister lallan singh said: apart from the loan, the state government would provide rs 2,000 crore for the project.
the idea to construct the bridge was first floated in 2011 and the national highways authority of india (nhai) was supposed to execute it.
things, however, appeared to have changed as the minister claimed that the centre would have no role in construction of the bridge.
there would be no role of the centre in the project.
the adb has also done the inspection of the northern and the southern sides and then agreed to provide the loan to the bihar government, he said.
the new bridge will reduce load of vehicular pressure on gandhi setu.
it would be a boon for the commuters, as snags hit the setu quite often and sometimes it remains closed for vehicular movement when maintenance work is being done forcing vehicles to use longer routes to reach their destinations.
the road of the existing bridge was not wide enough to cope with the ever-increasing vehicular pressure on the section.
apart from the construction of the 9.
76km long bridge, the project also entails construction of approach roads  8.
5km on the southern and 1.
5km in the northern sides.
the approach roads would link the bridge with the existing ones.
the road construction minister said the tender for the project would be floated in february-march.
being the most ambitious project of bihar, we want to start the work on priority basis.
we have decided to float the tender in february-march and once the construction starts it would be over in three years, singh added.
once the tender is floated, it takes at least three months for selecting the agency for executing the project.
the need for setting up the bridge parallel to the existing gandhi setu was felt because the existing one, which was open to public in 1982, has developed problems, including the poor condition of its super structure.
the traffic flow on the bridge has increased manifold in comparison to what was actually projected at the time of its construction.
certain portions in the western flank of the gandhi setu have been closed for vehicular movement because of the damaged superstructure.
central agency nhai has declined to take up the repair work of gandhi setu citing manpower crunch, barely a week after union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari had announced in september that the centre would overhaul it.
the union minister had pledged the work would start within four months under nhai.
new delhi, aug.
4: keshubhai patel, the bjps veteran gujarat leader and a former chief minister, today quit the party with another senior, kashiram rana, to float his own outfit.
patels resignation comes barely four months before gujarat goes to the polls.
worried he might emerge as a rallying centre for silent dissenters against chief minister narendra modi, the bjp has begun working the lines to persuade patel to recant his decision.
spokesperson rajiv pratap rudy said bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari would speak to the 83-year old and urge him to stay back in the interest of gujarat and the country.
he is a senior party leader, said rudy.
however, a source close to patel said his mind was made up, especially after the tremendous response to a public meeting he recently convened.
the source said patels diatribes against modi  he called him a demon, a thick-skinned rhinoceros and a decayed fruit  drew huge applause from people who were largely from the powerful patel community.
the patels, mostly rich farmers, can tip the balance of power in gujarats premier political region, saurashtra.
in 2007, before the last assembly election, patel had similarly revolted after not being given a say in ticket distribution.
the bjps delhi leaders had then swung into damage-control mode and cajoled him not to do anything precipitate.
he reluctantly agreed but did not campaign in a big way.
sources said patels flip-flop put off his supporters and in the end they rooted for modi.
the bjp did very well in saurashtra, belying early predictions that it was being routed.
stung by the experience, a source close to patel said he was determined to leave the bjp.
addressing reporters in gandhinagar with former union minister and former surat mp rana by his side, patel announced this afternoon that they were quitting the bjp with great pain.
we are not switching parties.
we are forming the real bjp, he said.
targetting modi, patel alleged that the bjp had become a one-person party and strayed far away from its principles.
patel has the support of former bjp leaders suresh mehta, fakir vaghela, nalin bhatt, suresh mehta and gordhan zadaphia who fell out with modi at different points in their political career.
he charged gadkari with being soft on modi.
although bjp sources said the departure of a heavyweight before the polls could be a setback, they were assessing the extent of damage patel and the others could cause modi.
in 2007, zadaphia, a patel leader from ahmedabad, had struck a covert understanding with the congress and suggested anti-modi candidates who could fight from the congress.
the strategy boomeranged because people saw the congress as modis b-team and opted to vote for the real mccoy and not his surrogates.
this time, congress sources said they would keep a respectful distance from the anti-modi group coming out of the bjp.
they wondered if this group would end up helping the bjp by dividing anti-modi votes like manpreet badal did in punjab after breaking away from the akali dal.
patel said his prospective party would contest all 182 assembly seats.
senior bjp leader lk advani and union environment minister harsh vardhan with the family of former delhi chief minister madan lal khurana, at delhi bjp office on sunday.
khurana passed away on saturday.
ptiformer delhi chief minister madan lal khurana passed away here saturday after a prolonged illness, his family said.
khurana, who was 82, is survived by his wife, a son and two daughters.
his another son had died last month.
a veteran of the bjp, khurana was the chief minister of delhi from 1993 to 1996 and was appointed the governor of rajasthan in 2004.
he breathed his last at around 11 pm at his kirti nagar residence here, his son harish khurana said.
he said khurana was suffering from a chest infection and fever for the last few days and was feeling breathless since saturday morning, he said.
he had suffered a brain haemorrhage about five years ago and was ailing since then.
his last rites would be held on monday, his family said.
bjp chief amit shah condoled the bjp leader's death.
learnt of the unfortunate demise of former delhi chief minister and bjp leader madan lal khurana.
he will be remembered as an ideal swayamsewak and a dedicated vidhyarthi parishad worker and a strong pillar of the jan sangh and the bjp, shah tweeted.
he had a key role in strengthening the organisation in delhi, he said.
on behalf of crores of bjp workers, i convey my condolences to the family of khuranaji and pray for peace of the departed soul, shah said.
textiles minister smriti irani tweeted, saddened by the demise of madan lal khuranaji.
as an elder he was a guide with an ever supportive outlook and kind words to spare.
my condolences to his loved ones.
transport minister nitingadkari gadkari expressed grief over khurana's death, saying his contribution to the development of delhi would be remembered.
union minister harsh vardhan also offered his condolences.
my heartfelt condolences to the bjp parivar and the family of our beloved former chief minister of delhi & veteran bjp leader shri madan lal khuranaji who passed away today after prolonged illness.
my thoughts and prayers are with his near & dear ones.
may his soul rest in peace, he said.
indian politicians are known to be garrulous.
but there are occasions  their rarity notwithstanding  when the judicious views expressed by a politician merit attention, even a word of praise.
speaking at a function after the bharatiya janata party lost a spate of assembly elections, the union minister, nitingadkari gadkari, reiterated the old maxim of success having many fathers while failure has none.
presumably, mr gadkari was making a point about the reluctance of the bjps top leadership  comprising, effectively, narendra modi and amit shah  to take responsibility for these electoral reversals.
mr modi has, characteristically, not spoken a word on the debacle.
without owning up to the defeats, mr shah  supposedly the chanakya of modern politics  has assured nervous partymen that the outcome of the assembly elections would have no bearing on the general elections.
mr gadkaris point is thus well-taken: neither mr modi nor his principal lieutenant has been shy of taking credit for the bjps successes at the hustings in the past.
but is mr gadkari being sincere himself?
it appears that he has some difficulty in standing by his own words.
why else would mr gadkari accuse the opposition and a section of the media of tweaking facts in order to drive a wedge between him and the party leadership?
ironically, mr gadkaris finger-pointing has emboldened the bjps detractors further.
in political circles, there are now whispers that mr gadkaris statement should be seen as an indirect jibe against mr modi and mr shah.
mr gadkaris teasing comments may be an outcome of the internal tensions in the bjp.
with the claim of the bjp being politically invincible under the thumb of mr modi and mr shah coming under strain, critical voices are suddenly being heard in an otherwise regimentalized party.
the mutedness of criticism against charismatic, influential leaders exposes a fundamental trait about the structure of political outfits in india: power is, inevitably, centralized.
the congress has its high command; the communist party of india (marxist) its politburo, and the bjp its duopoly of messrs modi and shah.
one of the ironies of democratic india is the undemocratic edifices of its political parties.
saran now boasts of a national driving training centre after union minister nitingadkari gadkari inaugurated the facility on monday.
the road transport, highways and shipping minister conducted the ceremony at aphar village, 8km north of chhapra town.
gadkari dedicated a new highway and laid the foundation stone of two national highway projects.
nearly 500 people can be trained at the centre at a time.
the union minister inaugurated the newly constructed stretch of national highway 28 between muzaffarpur and barauni and laid foundation stones for start of work of two existing national highways, one between chhapra and gopalganj (nh-85) and another between chhapra and muzaffarpur (nh-102).
the young rjd leader, who is also the road construction minister, reciprocated gadkari's gesture by heaping praise on him.
he also put forth demand for construction of a few road overbridges in and around chhapra.
gadkari at a party convention in mumbai on thursday, (fotocorp) nagpur, oct.
4: bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today landed in fresh controversy over a letter he had written to the centre seeking release of funds for a scam-tainted maharashtra irrigation project in which some of his associates have bagged contracts.
the gosekhurd dam project in vidarbha is mired in questions about the award of contracts, cost escalation and substandard work.
the surfacing of gadkaris july 30 letter to union water resources minister pawan bansal has embarrassed the bjp at a time it is taking on the states congress-ncp government on the massive irregularities in the irrigation sector that benefited the contractors.
among companies that bagged contracts in the gosekhurd project is sms infrastructure private limited of bjp rajya sabha mp ajay sancheti, who is also alleged to have been allotted a coal block by the chhattisgarh government in violation of rules.
maharashtra legislative council member mitish bhangdias companies m.g. bhangdia and mahendra construction too have got contracts for the dam.
bhangdia is considered close to both gadkari and ncp leader ajit pawar, who resigned as deputy chief minister last week over the irrigation scam rocking the state.
gadkari has defended himself saying he had written the letter to help farmers and not to benefit the contractors.
i wrote a letter to bansal and will write 10 more, he said in mumbai this evening.
it was done in the interest of the farmers of maharashtra, to prevent farmer suicides in vidarbha.
however, local activists such as vilas bhongade argue the dam wont benefit the farmers much or reduce the cotton crisis, since much of its water is being diverted for thermal plants and industries coming up nearby.
in any case, he said, cotton farmers are dying in western vidarbha while the dam is coming up in paddy-growing eastern vidarbha.
india against corruption activist anjali damania had recently accused gadkari of refusing to take a stand on the irrigation scam rocking maharashtra because of his business links with ncp leader sharad pawar.
gadkari has denied meeting damania and sent her a defamation notice.
too little, too late in chhapra the inauguration of a national driving training institute in chhapra by union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari has failed to enthuse even bjp supporters.
its an institute that will produce drivers and khalasis (helpers), said a bjp worker.
when laluji represented us he gave us a wheel factory and initiated work for two more factories.
he went on to say that union minister rajiv pratap rudi, the saran mp, will have to put up a better show if he wishes to make an impression.
but, there were others who pointed out that despite initiating many works in chhapra, the district headquarters of saran district, lalus wife rabri devi lost to rudy in the last lok sabha elections.
polls in saran are always about caste and rudy can still hope it to work for him the next time, said another bjp leader.
when crime within hurts just after chief minister nitish kumar gave a strong defence of law and order in the state, the house of a close relative of state rjd chief ramchandra purbey was burgled.
opponents took a dig at the government, saying that when the state cannot protect close relatives of prominent politicians, how can it be expected to save the common man.
for the first time, grand alliance leaders were silent.
poor purbey.
even when his wifes gold chain was snatched when he was a minister, purbeyji had to remain silent, said a senior politician.
bootlegging for a living a senior police official was recently declaring that the anti-liquor laws had reformed quite a few hardcore criminals.
we have reports of criminals who were engaged in heinous crimes like murder, kidnapping and burglaries swearing that they have left the crime world, he said.
instead they have got into bootlegging in a big way.
they do not consider bootlegging a crime.
he wondered if there would be a drop in heinous crimes in the state and declared that the number of people caught violating prohibition laws may keep swelling dry all the way, bihar or gujarat a bihari recently went to gujarat thinking it is easy for outsiders to get liquor permits.
however, when he entered a liquor shop in ahmedabad and asked for a permit form, the shop-owner asked him for an identity card.
when the traveller produced his card, he was told that residents of states where prohibition is in force were not allowed permits to consume liquor.
nitish kumar should be thankful to narendra modi for helping him enforce the liquor ban on biharis even in gujarat, said the frustrated bihar resident.
our correspondentnitin gadkari at the meeting with (right) nand kishore yadav in new delhi.
repair of the 125km road under national highway 30 has been pending for the past five years.
so, approval of the tender from the union ministry of road, transport and highways has come as a relief to the people of bihar.
the union minister, gadkari, had a meeting on bihar's road projects with state road construction minister nand kishore yadav in new delhi on wednesday.
nand kishore told the telegraph over the phone: for the development of national highway roads and its strengthening, central government is more than willing to extend their all possible help.
he said the project is a part of the road package announced by prime minister narendra modi for bihar.
nand kishore said gadkari repeated that the centre was eager to fulfil its road promises.
earlier when modi came to mokama, he claimed that rs 53,000-crore road construction projects of rs 54,000 crore sanctioned for the sector in the special package for bihar (rs 1.
25 lakh crore announced before the 2015 polls) had either been completed or were underway.
the state government had tried to repair the ara-mohania road - in really bad shape - in private-public partnership and make it a four lane but work could not take off because of failure of the executing agency.
nand kishore, in the meeting at parivahan bhavan from 12.
45pm to 1.
30pm, also requested the centre to repair the road under the fold of national highways authority of india, taking all the liabilities of arbitration.
he stressed that even the estimate is ready for strengthening and repairing the road costing around rs 150 crore.
besides, gadkari also decided that tender for the bridge over dumaria ghat on nh 28 would be floated in the next two months.
the project is part of the east-west corridor.
bihar minister nand kishore also said gadkari also gave in-principle approval for the new bridge parallel to the vikramshila setu in bhagalpur for which the bihar rajya pul nirman nigam ltd has already prepared the detailed project report.
new delhi, oct.
28: if your son or daughter is below eight, make sure they are in the back seat the next time you go out for a drive.
that is, if you want to avoid a three-month vacation in jail.
and make sure too that your breath doesnt excite the breathalyser too much.
more so if a kid is in the car.
that could lighten your purse by rs 30,000.
the punishments are among a raft of proposals the government has come up with in a draft bill it intends to table in parliaments winter session that starts on november 24.
very shortly it will be sent for the cabinets and prime minister narendra modis approval.
while the draft bill tackles a host of issues  from drink-driving to speeding and a unified licensing system  a key feature is the safety of children.
according to the bill, it is an offence if a child below eight is found in the front passenger seat.
the punishment could be a fine of rs 5,000 or jail for three months.
for motorcycles, the bill says: not more than one person in addition to the driver may be carried on a motorcycle.
the bill, which envisages a national road safety authority, has proposed a fine of rs 3 lakh and/or jail for seven years if a child is killed in an accident.
for drink-driving, the bill proposes a fine of rs 15,000 for a first-time offence.
the penalty would double if a child is in the car.
if the driver is caught a second time, his licence will be cancelled permanently.
if a schoolbus driver is found to be drunk, he can be fined up to rs 50,000 and even jailed for three years.
5 lakh people every year now.
the bill proposes an unified licensing and registration system to enable a driver to submit an application from anywhere in the country.
anyone found to hold more than one licence could be fined up to rs 25,000 or even jailed for three months.
the bill suggests graded punishments for speed violations.
for example, if someone is caught driving at 9kmph more than the prescribed limit, the fine will be rs 5,000.
but if someone is found driving at more than 40kmph than the prescribed speed limit, he or she would be fined rs 12,500.
rural development ministerchaudhary birender singhtakes charge.
(pti) new delhi, nov.
11: the new union rural development minister, chaudhary birender singh, today denied that the centre's reform plans would reduce the rural job scheme's coverage and hit farmers' interests in land acquisition.
singh, a farmer leader from haryana, tried to allay fears set off by predecessor nitingadkari gadkari's recent remark that the job guarantee programme was not relevant to areas with higher per capita incomes.
a subsequent government move to focus the scheme on 2,500 of the country's 6,500 blocks had deepened these fears although rural development secretary l.c. goyal had denied plans to limit the programme's scope as of now.
asked about gadkari's comment, singh told reporters: the rs 40,000 crore (the scheme's budget) is for the country, not for any specific region.
he added: people in the villages had never seen rs 500 currency notes.
we have been able to reach them (because of the job scheme).
there are problems in the programme; we'll correct them.
on the land acquisition act, he said: we will not do anything that will cause losses to farmers.
we'll try to have a consensus on amendments to the land law.
the land law now requires the consent of 80 per cent of the prospective land-losers during acquisition for private industry, and 70 per cent consent for public-private partnership projects.
finance minister arun jaitley has underlined the need to amend the law saying it makes land acquisition for industry and private educational institutions very tough.
the government is also keen to amend the clause about a social impact assessment by the district administration within six months of a project being envisaged.
the idea is to compare the acquisition's positive and negative effects by assessing issues such as the number of people to be affected, their cultural ties with the land, and the minimum land required for the project.
social activist nikhil dey welcomed singh's comments.
the minister's statement is encouraging.
this is a positive sign, he said.
we are in favour of bringing corrective measures to the (job) programme but there should be a wide debate first.
the scheme guarantees up to 100 days of paid, unskilled work every year to every rural household some believe the programme should be confined to areas where it is needed most, since funds are limited.
another argument goes like this: since only nine crore among the 13 crore job card holders are active, it means four crore don't need the work and their cards are susceptible to misuse.
ram kripal yadav, nihalchand and sudarshan bhagat have taken over as junior rural development ministers.
singh said the prime minister had advised all the cabinet ministers to meet their junior ministers every wednesday for better coordination.
upa chairperson sonia gandhi on thursday led the congress in the lok sabha in table thumping to appreciate road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari's work in improving the country's infrastructure.
during the question hour, the house took up two questions related to gadkari's ministry in which he gave detailed description of the work being executed and being undertaken for expanding the country's network.
i must say here that all mps, cutting across political affiliations, have been appreciating me for the work being done by my ministry in their respective constituencies, he said.
as gadkari completed the answers amid thumping of desks by ruling bjp members, a bjp member from madhya pradesh, ganesh singh, stood up and told speaker sumitra mahajan that the house should appreciate the wonderful work being carried out by the union road transport minister.
at this, sonia, who all through was patiently listening to gadkari and often seen nodding in response to his replies, smiled and started thumping the desk as a sign of appreciation.
seeing this, congress mps, including party leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge, too started thumping the desks appreciating gadkari's work.
there were reports in august last year that sonia had written to gadkari thanking him for his positive response to road issues she had raised relating to her constituency rae bareli in uttar pradesh.
congress president rahul gandhi tweeted on gadkari's remark that one who cannot take care of home, cannot manage the country.
gadkari ji, compliments.
you are the only one in the bjp with some guts.
please also comment on: the rafale scam and anil ambani, farmers' distress and destruction of institutions.
indian protesters shout slogans against pakistan during the second day of curfew in jammu on saturday, february 16.
the indian army staged flag marches in sensitive localities, a day after violence was reported during protests against the pulwama terror attack ap photomehbooba mufti is so right and so wrong.
days after the february 14 attack by a suicide bomber in pulwama left 40 crpf personnel dead, the former chief minister of jammu and kashmir said it was futile to talk of war between india and pakistan.
in this era, she said, only those who were anpadh (illiterate) and gavaar (unsophisticated; literally village bumpkins) can talk of war.
both countries are nuclear powers and when they have the option of dialogue, i dont think the question of war arises, she added.
she may be absolutely right in stressing that war is no option.
but she is woefully wrong in her description of those who are advocating it.
for it is not the illiterate or unsophisticated ordinary indian who is thirsting for war; it is the educated, the powerful and the privileged among us who are.
anger at the killing of such a large number of our soldiers is only too understandable.
with the pakistan-based terrorist organization, jaish-e-mohammad, taking responsibility for the massacre, it is also natural that some of that rage will be directed at pakistan.
but after the initial shock at such an attack, it is incumbent on the political leadership and opinion makers in a mature democracy to inject a measure of sobriety into the national discourse.
india has faced worse provocation in the past and has also waged wars against pakistan, most notably in 1971, after long and careful preparation.
but the hysteria that has overtaken the country in the past 10 days is unprecedented.
the attacks on innocent kashmiri students and traders in different parts of the country is the most obvious outcome of this hysteria fomented and fuelled by the ruling bharatiya janata party and its cohorts.
such was the intensity of the attacks that the supreme court had to step in.
on february 22, it directed all state governments to take prompt action to prevent incidents of assault, threat, social boycott and such other egregious acts against kashmiris and other minorities following the pulwama attack.
it was only after the apex courts reprimand that the prime minister, belatedly as usual, broke his silence on the issue and said, our fight is for kashmir and not against kashmir or kashmiris.
but while many of us have criticized the attacks on kashmiris, we are much too scared to state another truth: that the anti-pakistan theatrics on display by educated middle-class indians have been extraordinarily immature, petty and disturbing.
take cricket, for instance.
the game that is the singular passion of millions on both sides of the border has often been a victim of subcontinental tensions.
bilateral cricket matches between india and pakistan have been suspended many times in the past.
but it is hard to remember a time, if there ever was one, when cricket associations in the country chose to remove the photographs of pakistani cricketing heroes from their walls.
the unique protests started at mumbais famous cricket club of india, which decided to cover the portrait of the 1992 world cup winning captain and now the prime minister of pakistan, imran khan.
the clubs secretary told reporters, though cci is a sporting association but nation comes first even before sports.
.
.
we called a meeting on the very next day of the attack [in pulwama] and to condemn the attack, we decided to cover the photo.
well be deciding soon how to remove the photo.
that decision led to a spate of copy cat actions: portraits were removed by the state cricket associations of karnataka, punjab, rajasthan and himachal pradesh.
the childish act of covering portraits has been followed by frenetic calls for india not to play against pakistan in the cricket world cup this june.
with players divided on the merits of forfeiting a match to pakistan, the board of control for cricket in india has gone a step further.
it has written to the international cricket council that in the wake of the pulwama attack, pakistan should be kept out of the world cup altogether and all cricketing nations should sever ties with countries from which terrorism emanates.
justifying this extreme position never taken before in indian cricket, the chairman of the committee of administrators, vinod rai, said, the present dispensation feels strongly about it because we reflect the sentiment of the nation.
we are not a closed cricket community, we represent the nation.
if the response of another international sporting body is anything to go by, the bcci ploy is unlikely to work.
the international olympic committee has taken a dim view of indias decision not to grant visas to two pakistani shooters who were to participate in the shooting world cup taking place in delhi.
the ioc asserted that the denial of visas went against the principles of the olympic charter relating to discrimination and political interference from the host country.
as a result, the statement said, the ioc executive board also decided to suspend all discussions with the indian noc and government regarding the potential applications for hosting future sports and olympic-related events in india.
as though that wasnt bad enough, the ioc has asked all international sports federations not to hold events in india until the government provided clear written guarantees that it would allow all athletes to participate in any international competitions held in the country.
indias threat to cut off water to pakistan smacks of even greater pettiness.
the water resources minister, nitingadkari gadkari, first said india would choke pakistans water supply and then followed it up with a more concrete threat: our government has decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir, and punjab.
since the world bank is the guarantor for the indus water treaty and any violation of it has serious international repercussions, india is unlikely to carry out the threat.
but that the threat should be made at all is an indication of how much we have changed as a nation.
even when india fought full fledged wars with pakistan, the water treaty remained intact.
to deprive the ordinary people and peasants of pakistan something as essential as water would have been seen by all thinking indians as an act of callousness and inhumanity completely at variance with the values we claim to espouse, a travesty of our civilizational inheritance in the land of buddha and gandhi.
but after five years of sustained jingoism where targeting minorities and activists as anti-national is the officially sanctioned blood sport, no one has the courage to say that we must distinguish between the people and the state (however deep) of pakistan or the guts to ask why the government is encouraging its supporters in the media and sports bodies to stoke such theatrics when it has yet to cut off diplomatic ties with islamabad, leave alone declaring war against the country.
only one man in public life, navjot singh sidhu, showed the courage of his convictions yet again.
he unequivocally condemned the pulwama attack.
but he also pointed out that wherever wars.
.
.
happen, dialogue also continues simultaneously and that for a handful of people, can you blame an entire nation and can you blame an individual?
in the india of yore, that simple remark would have been dismissed as a truism at best or a platitude at worst.
but in the new india that is half a decade old, it was seen as an act of treason.
union ministers and social media warriors who, on the face of it, are neither anpadh nor gavaar, pilloried sidhu for his treachery and threatened to boycott sony tv if it did not drop him as a permanent guest on a popular comedy show.
he was dropped without demur.
the ruling party and the sangh parivar may rejoice at the outpouring of national sentiment seeking revenge for pulwama and see it as evidence of the efficacy of its muscular hindutva.
after all, when you teach your people to hate the neighbour across the border, it is that much easier to teach them to hate the neighbour across the street who may dress or eat or pray differently.
strategic analysts insist that the pakistani establishment is waging a proxy war to bleed india through a thousand cuts.
but more dangerous perhaps is the state of heightened hate and mindless hysteria that threatens to corrode us from within.
.
.
manini.
chatterjee@abp.
javadekar, (above) oram new delhi, nov.
20: the tribal affairs ministry has objected to an order by its environment counterpart that allows diversion of forest land for linear projects without seeking consent from local village councils as laid down in the forest rights act.
at a meeting last week, tribal affairs secretary hrushikesh panda and senior officials took up the matter with their counterparts from the environment and forests ministry, represented by secretary ashok lavasa and other bureaucrats.
in its october 28 order, the environment ministry, headed by prakash javadekar, said forest land could be diverted without seeking the consent of the gram sabhas concerned if plantations were found to have been notified as forests after december 13, 1930.
under the scheduled tribe and other traditional forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act  also known as the forest rights act  forest dwellers get heritable rights to land they have been living for three generations, or 75 years, till december 13, 2005.
the fra said the consent of gram sabhas has to be taken for every project coming up in forest areas.
if the tribal dwellers dont have a record of rights over the land, they must be accorded such rights and their consent taken before acquiring the land, although the law has an exemption provision for projects such as schools, dispensaries and hospitals, where the land required is less than a hectare.
the officials of the jual oram-headed tribal affairs ministry questioned the environment ministrys authority to issue any order under the fra.
according to the union governments business rules, only the ministry of tribal affairs can issue guidelines or instructions under this act, sources said.
the tribal affairs ministry has also challenged the legality of the environment ministry order, which said the 75-year time norm should be applied to exclude some plantations from the purview of the fra.
that means any area notified as a forest land after 1930 is exempt from fra norms.
an official in the tribal affairs ministry said applying the time norm amounted to a violation of the act.
the fra does not segregate between forests notified before 1930 and after 1930, the official said.
at last weeks coordination committee meeting, the environment ministry officials agreed with their tribal affairs counterparts that the tribal affairs ministry was the competent authority to issue guidelines under the fra.
as for the second argument, they said the environment ministry would examine whether the october 28 order amounted to a violation of the fra or not.
social activist shekhar singh said the grassroots-level gram sabhas had been given the powers to decide how best local resources could be used.
this order amounts to denying that right, singh said.
he said if forest land is allowed to be diverted for linear projects without seeking the approval of the gram sabhas concerned, this scope for relaxation could be expanded later for industrial projects.
subhashish mohantybhubaneswar: the national highways authority of india (nhai) on tuesday asserted that work on the second bridge over the brahmani river near rourkela would start only after the state government's forest department gave the necessary clearance.
the state had been maintaining that no such clearance was required to start the bridge construction and the matter has become a source of confrontation between the centre and the state.
nhai member (project) anand kumar singh met chief secretary aditya padhi on tuesday and discussed the issue.
we have requested the odisha government to give the necessary clearances as soon as possible.
forest clearance is first, and the bridge construction work is the next step.
we will complete the project as soon as all the clearances are obtained, he said.
approval for all work is mandatory.
following allegations that the centre had been delaying the project, chief minister naveen patnaik had announced that the state would construct the bridge if the centre failed to do so.
he had also written to the prime minister and union transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari to expedite the project.
citing official communication, the chief minister, too, has taken the view that forest clearance was not required for the second bridge and the construction should start without any further delay.
the proposed site is non-forest in nature, naveen had said.
there is no impediment for the nhai to start the construction even tomorrow.
sources said the nhai was insisting on a formal letter granting the forest clearance.
the state, sources said, would comply with it and write to the nhai communicating its approval shortly.
a bitter buddhist-muslim divide in little tibet is haunting the congress this general election, giving the bjp a reason to fancy its chances for the first time.
the cold desert of ladakh, called little tibet because of its geographical and cultural proximity to tibet, is one of the six lok sabha seats in jammu and kashmir where the congress was expecting a cake walk.
that was because it got a firm assurance from ally national conference (nc) that it wouldnt support any rebel candidate this time around.
the congress is contesting in ladakh under a seat-sharing pact with the nc.
in 2009 as well, the congress had a pre-poll tie-up with the nc but it secretly backed rebel candidate ghulam hassan khan, who ultimately won the election.
this time, the nc has dissuaded khan from contesting, bringing smiles in the congress camp.
another reason that perked up the congress was the unity the buddhists and muslims displayed last year to fight for a separate ladakh division  it is now a part of kashmir division  and greater autonomy for its twin districts of leh and kargil.
the congress was expecting the communities to rise above all differences and vote for it.
according to the 2001 census, muslims, at 47.
4 per cent of the population, enjoy a slender majority in ladakh against 45.
9 per cent buddhists.
hostilities between the communities have run deep for decades, at times triggering communal violence.
ladakh has an electorate of 1.
59 lakh.
but the initial enthusiasm appears to have worn off.
trouble started after the congress fielded tsering samphel, a buddhist from leh, in the face of a growing number of calls in kargil for a candidate from that region.
the islamic scholar, syed mohammad kazim sabri, then joined the fray as an independent with the backing of two major religious groups  islamia school and anjuman-e-sahib-uz-zaman  that have traditionally supported the nc.
the congress also faced a rebellion with its kargil chief, ghulam raza, quitting the party to contest as an independent.
he still enjoys the support of the party in kargil.
we are supporting ghulam raza (the official congress candidate is samphel) as our demand to field a candidate from kargil was ignored, said asghar karbalai, congress leader and ceo of the kargil hill development council.
no wonder, bjp candidate thupstan chewang, a buddhist from leh and a former mp, is fancying his chances.
till three years ago, the bjp was an insignificant force in ladakh but it is much stronger now.
much of our support comes from our unflinching stand on union territory status for ladakh, which is officially supported by my party, chewang, who used to be in the congress earlier, said.
the congress unit in leh backs the demand for union territory status too.
but the party, and muslims in ladakh in general, are opposed to it.
chewang said the split in the congress would help him.
the congress votes will be divided and i believe the official congress candidate and rebel candidate will come third and forth.
the real contest will be between me and sabri, he said.
chewang had written to the bjp top leadership, including narendra modi, to campaign for him.
in response, mukhtar abbas naqvi and nitingadkari gadkari visited ladakh to campaign for chewang.
sabri expects nc cadres to support him.
if congress loyalists in kargil support a rebel candidate, how can nc workers support the official congress candidate?
he asked.
there are reports that ground-level nc cadres have already started supporting him.
the official congress candidate, samphel, however, believes his party still enjoys mass support in the region.
the votes in kargil will be split between two (muslim) candidates there.
he said.
a congress leader in leh said a rebellion in the party might help samphel.
there will be a division in muslim votes.
so, muslims who might otherwise have voted for sabri will vote for the rebel congress leader, who is a muslim, he said.
that is why there has been no action against congress leaders in kargil for openly supporting a rebel.
they may have the backing of the congress leadership in the state.
subhashish mohantybhubaneswar: the issue of construction of the second bridge over brahmani in rourkela took a political turn on monday with chief minister naveen patnaik accusing the centre of not being serious about the project and expressed the state government's eagerness to build it with its own resources.
prime minister narendra modi had promised building the second bridge during the 2014 poll campaign and union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had laid the foundation stone in july after his party mla dillip ray had made a hue and cry over the delay.
gadkari had promised that the work would begin within a fortnight.
the delay has triggered protests with local leaders describing the second bridge as a gimmick.
on monday, a delegation of bjd leaders took up the issue with naveen.
they accused the centre of cheating the people of rourkela and sundargarh by delaying construction of the second bridge.
talking to the delegation, naveen said: i will discuss the issue with the centre.
if they are not serious about it, we will build the bridge from our own funds.
the bjp said it would take up the issue with prime minister narendra modi.
the bharatiya janata partys opponents have often complained about being under the ruling partys watch.
now, in a twist of sorts, a bjp minister has found that all eyes are trained on him.
the man in the spotlight is none other than nitingadkari gadkari.
and the reason for the surveillance?
gadkaris critical comments supposedly directed at the party leadership.
incidentally, gadkari, who hails from nagpur, is considered to be close to the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh.
these days, he is said to be in touch with several prominent state leaders  shivraj singh chouhans name apparently features in this list of unhappy souls  who are said to be disgruntled with the high-handed approach of the bjp president, amit shah.
old timers will recall that gadkari has a bit of a history with shah.
their feud goes back to the time when gadkari, as the party president, had made shah wait for a long time for an audience.
again, when the bjp teamed up with the shiv sena in maharashtra, gadkari had assumed that the chief ministers kursi would be his for the taking.
but shah, many believe, put a spanner in the works for gadkari: devendra fadnavis, located in the lower branches in the bjps power hierarchy, elbowed the heavyweight gadkari out to assume the cms mantle.
the buzz is that after the bjps trouncing in the assembly polls, gadkari is certain that the national democratic alliance is unlikely to have the numbers that are required to form the government at the centre.
its dependence on allies would, gadkari believes, brighten his chances of grabbing the prime ministers chair.
thus, his indirect criticism of late.
some would say that he is making the right noises.
senior congress leader a. k. antony telegraph picturehappy birthdayak antony, the former union minister, has something in common with  believe it or not  arun jaitley!
antony shares his birthday with the bjp leader.
apart from this, however, the two veterans are like chalk and cheese, and the difference was spotted on their joint birthday.
jaitley, characteristically, was greeted by one and all in parliament as well as on social media.
antonys birthday day celebrations were far more sedate.
the congress did make a point to get a cake along with the one that it had ordered to mark the partys foundation day.
but other political parties did not quite remember that it was antonys big day as well.
there was one exception to this memory lapse  the trinamul congress.
but that could be because didi had tweeted her greetings to antony earlier in the day.
can anyone in the tmc dare to forget what didi remembers?
lighter momentshashi tharoor rarely finds himself on the receiving end when it comes to verbal duels.
but the unthinkable did take place the other day.
the word, marriage  ironically  came to haunt tharoor.
it all started when tharoor described the now-fractured coalition between the bjp and the pdp in kashmir as an unnatural marriage.
it was then the turn of rajnath singh to join the debate.
i cant say whether to call it a natural marriage or an unnatural marriage, he said, adding that there is no guarantee that even a natural marriage would not suffer a breakdown.
tharoor tried to insert an element of seriousness by attempting to question the role of the governor.
but just then, the speaker, sumitra mahajan, asked, do you consider him [tharoor] an expert on marriage?
.
the house, expectedly, was in splits.
quick rethinktill recently, in uttar pradesh, the bjp was not quite in the mood to see the funny side of things.
there was some talk that its ties with its ally, apna dal, had come under strain.
anupriya patel, the minister of state who had once outperformed the bhakts when it came to praising the pm, was unhappy with the bjp.
the party chief, ashish patel, had said that apna dal may fight a few lok sabha seats on its own.
but then, a day can be a long time in politics.
it seems that apna dal and the bjp have, in a matter of a few hours, rediscovered their love for each other.
ashish, brushing aside his earlier remark, has confirmed that as of now his party has no plans to ditch its ally.
but what has brought the two together?
hidden messagemeanwhile, the word is that bhanwar jitendra singh, a rising star in the congress under rahul gandhi, could pip his contenders to fill the post of an aicc gen-sec that fell vacant after ashok gehlots appointment as the cm in rajasthan.
if singh does manage to get the post, should it be read as a sign of a generational shift in the grand old party?
or is singh being appointed so that he can serve as rahuls eyes and ears?
there is speculation that it is now salman khan's turn to take the plunge into marriage and domesticity telegraph picturewhen salman khan turned yet another year older  he is now 53  iulia vantur, who is inseparable from the actor, gifted him a crucifix and a gold chain.
or so says the film industry grapevine.
there is speculation that after priyanka chopra and deepika padukone, it could now be salmans turn to take the plunge into marriage and domesticity.
could it be that the actor, who has been single for a while now, is finally experiencing pangs of loneliness?
but if salman does choose to get hitched, wouldnt his legions of women fans feel the pinch of loneliness too?
zero hour, the salon-cum-spa at the constitution club of india, in new delhi new delhi, april 1: if balinese hot oil doesnt do it, surely swedish massage will?
and in the season of the body politic, can body polishing be far behind?
indias overworked politicians have been trying to beat election stress by making a beeline for zero hour, the salon-cum-spa at the constitution club of india, new delhi.
on offer is a tempting list of therapies: body polishing, crme massage, aromatherapy massage, aromatic facials, balinese hot-oil rejuvenating treatment, swedish massage .
parliamentarians from across parties have been frequenting us to rejuvenate themselves.
they mostly complain of body aches and mental fatigue from the long hours of campaigning in the heat, a zero hour official said.
because of the rise in footfall, especially during weekends, we have now requested them to book in advance over the phone.
although the constitution club is reserved for current and former mps and their families, the spa is open to anyone who comes with a reference from an mp.
many local politicians too are using the facility, leading to the rush, the spa official said.
bjp rajya sabha member rajeev pratap rudy, the honorary secretary of the constitution club, said mps preferred zero hour to other salons or spas because of the privacy it offers.
privacy is the key  thats why mps dont think twice before enjoying the facilities here, he said.
initially reluctant to name anyone, rudy eventually said that several women mps  such as sharad pawars daughter supriya sule, the dmks kanimozhi and the congress mp from bengal, mausam noor  were regulars at the spa.
bjp member maneka gandhi too frequents zero hour, but only for haircuts and hair-dyeing.
among the male clients rudy named were congress lok sabha member bhakta charan das and rajya sabha mp avinash pandey.
former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari, who is not an mp, too is a frequent visitor.
most of the therapies cost between rs 800 and rs 1,000.
the staff are well-trained and have been hired from a five-star hotel, rudy said.
a spa source said that many mps preferred a massage, especially body polishing, to add glow to their skin.
our spa experts first scrub the body with oil and then massage it with hot aromatic oil.
it takes three hours and adds glow and shine to the skin, the source said.
also on offer are bleaching, manicure, pedicure, haircuts, a shave, blow-drying, hot-oil hair care  even moustache trimming.
spa officials said they had been asked strictly not to disclose names.
among the regulars at the constitution clubs gym are bjp member prakash javadekar, congress mp ajay maken and wife radhika, congress member sandeep dikshit and majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen member asaduddin owaisi, who is from hyderabad.
rudy said he himself rarely visited the spa, preferring to work out at the gym, instead.
the constitution club is not only about massages but helps mps from across parties and their families to bond, rudy added.
a constitution club employee said it had been a pleasant surprise to see the bonhomie among mps from rival parties at the spa.
they have been attacking each other during the election campaign but here they focus more on their body than lung power, he said.
a round 96km from jamshedpur is baharagora, the entry point to jharkhand from odisha and bengal, connected by nh-33 and nh-6, respectively.
the highways are the two lifelines for the assembly constituency with an electorate of over 2 lakh voters and the only non-reserved seat of the kolhan region apart from jamshedpur east and jamshedpur west.
the assembly segment, which has been logging the highest voting percentage in the east singhbhum district, over 75 per cent in the recent lok sabha polls, 68.
22 in a 2011 lok sabha bypolland 67.
19 in the 2009 elections, has become the battleground of bitter rivals.
the two front-runners are jmm's kunal sarangi and former state bjp chief dineshanand goswami.
sarangi, the son of former bjp leader and the state's former state health minister dinesh sarangi, is an engineering graduate with an mba from university of lancaster, while goswami is a phd holder.
animesh bisoee pits one against the other on key issues of the constituency: tt: travelling on nh-33, especially the stretch between chandil and baharagora has been a nightmare for the last few years.
what can you do to save this lifeline?
kunal: respective union governments are to be blamed for the pathetic condition of nh-33 and nh-6 as national highway authority of india (nhai) is responsible for their upkeep.
our chief minister hemant soren has been raising this issue, the centre has not responded.
if elected, the repair of nh-33 will be my priority.
i will not hesitate to stage an agitation if the need arises dineshanand: the widening of nh-33, cleared by the upa government at the centre, is progressing at a sluggish pace.
no effort was made by nhai to put pressure on the concessionaire for completing the repairs.
union minister of road and surface transport nitingadkari gadkari has cleared additional funds to the tune of rs 28 crore for completing the repairs.
if elected, i will ensure better coordination between the state and the centre and see to it that both nh-33 and nh-6 are fixed tt:small scale industries like soap factories and rice mills in chakulia under your constituency are facing a bleak future due to lack of infrastructure, especially electricity kunal: there are more than 50 such units in chakulia.
yes, erratic power supply has forced several industries to down shutters.
hemant has tried to improve the power scenario by unbundling the state power board and if we form the government, things will change for the better.
if elected, i promise to pressure the state government for setting up a power-grid in the area dineshanand: the problem of electricity has affected not only small scale industries, but also mid-level farmers who are unable to use water pumps for irrigation.
if elected, i will try to ensure that the region gets it due share of electricity tt: baharagora is a predominantly agricultural area.
but, the plight of the farmers hasn't improved kunal: successive bjp governments in the state must be held responsible.
skill upgradation of farmers to adjust to the vagaries of the weather has been completely ignored.
if elected, i will ensure the state agriculture department holds regular workshops at various blocks to 'train the trainer' so that farmer can use modern methods of cultivation dineshanand: the bjp government has tried to imbibe modern agriculture technology among farmers.
but, the good intentions were thwarted due to pressures of coalition politics.
our government had initiated the process of procuring agriculture produce from local farmers but this was stopped by the hemant soren government.
tt:education in government schools of baharagora has been suffering due to lack of teachers.
students are leaving for neighbouring odisha kunal: efforts have been initiated by the hemant soren government in the very little time it got to recruit teachers and para-teachers.
the process has been almost completed.
education is one of our focus areas, if we come to power again dineshanand: improvement in education infrastructure will be our top priority if we come to power and there will be largescale recruitment of qualified teachers tt: healthcare is in a shambles with state-run health centres functioning without doctors kunal: doctors deputed at hospitals in the area, do not attend work as they prefer to stay in city areas.
hemant has tried to streamline the attendance of doctors but i admit it hasn't paid dividends so far.
i will try to appoint local qualified doctors who can stay put in baharagora and report for duty at hospitals dineshanand: not only doctors, school teachers are also not doing their job in baharagora.
if elected, i will focus on ensuring strict compliance of attendance norms for doctors as well as teachers tt verdict: both jmm and bjp candidates have made tall promises about improving the condition of nh-33.
yet, none seems absolutely sure.
hence, voters would be advised not to expect miracles.
dev rajnitishpatna: a subtle yet significant battle over the ganga was played out between narendra modi and nitish kumar, both of who hold the river close to their hearts.
the two held forth on the river at a function on sunday in mokama, around 100km east of the state capital, where the prime minister launched work on several projects, including a bridge across the ganga.
it brought to the fore diverse views of the two leaders on the cleanliness of the river, its continuous flow, as well as waterways.
nitish sees all these issues interlinked and inseparable; modi though harped on just cleanliness without addressing the fears about the health of the ganga.
union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari was also present at the function.
we see cleanliness and incessant flow of the ganga together.
both are interdependent.
it's not like one comes before or after another.
both are inter-linked, the chief minister said.
nitish also hinted at an anomaly in the prime minister's pet namami gange programme, which, the chief minister said, doesn't ensure that waste, unclean water from sewage treatment plants (stp) established under it, does not reach the ganga.
modiwe talked to many experts.
water from stp goes to the ganga, for example, waste water from stp in patna is released in the punpun river, which falls in the ganga at fatuha (in patna district), he said.
nitish sought time from gadkari to discuss issues related to incessant flow of the ganga.
the chief minister categorically stated that he did not want to discuss the problem of silt deposit in the ganga due to the farakka barrage at the function, but asserted that the issue was a concern.
in response to nitish's suggestions and entreaties, modi dwelt upon the cleanliness aspect of the ganga.
if we clean the ganga, nobody will be able to stop it from becoming incessant.
that's the reason for this cleanliness mission, modi said.
the prime minister did not pay heed to nitish's appeal to discuss the concerns about waterways.
those who are economically connected to the river will also develop a sense of reverence for it.
goods can be transported to the poor at minimum cost, modi said while rooting for the waterways.
our special correspondentlucknow: a newspaper reporter was shot dead by unidentified persons near kanpur on thursday evening, with police sources suspecting an old enmity as the reason.
naveen gupta, 35, attached to a hindi newspaper, died on way to hospital after taking five bullets in the chest, the police said.
according to eyewitnesses, gupta was riding his motorcycle in the bilhaur area, 60km from kanpur city, when the four attackers on two bikes followed him and opened fire near the office of the local civic body.
three people have been detained on the basis of statements by gupta's family and police sources claimed his murder could be the fallout of an old enmity.
chief minister yogi adityanath has asked uttar pradesh police chief sulkhan singh to personally monitor the investigation and arrest the killers soon.
we are in touch with dm and senior superintendent of police, kanpur.
we hope to reach a conclusion soon behind the motive of the murder and nab the criminals, anand kumar, adg (law and order), said.
sidharth nath singh calcutta.
dec.
22: the bjp's bengal minder, sidharth nath singh, today said several trinamul mps and mlas were secretly in touch with his party in an attempt to switch sides before the 2016 assembly polls.
there are several people contacting us secretly.
there are mlas and mps.
they are looking for an exit route from trinamul.
they are disappointed at how their party has been conducting itself in parliament, the language their leaders are using, the way the corruption of leaders is coming out in the open and the handling of the burdwan blast case, singh said during an interview with abp ananda this evening.
asked if the bjp was trying to break bengal's ruling party, singh said: we do not need or want to break this party.
trinamul is breaking on its own.
singh said the bjp would not accept those trinamul leaders who are tainted and described them as baggage of corruption.
the bjp national spokesperson has been the recent target of caustic attacks by trinamul.
the attacks became more personal after singh raised the slogan at the amit shah rally on november 30:  bhaag madan bhaag.
.
.
.
; bhaag mukul bhaag.
.
.
.
; bhaag mamata bhaag.
trinamul mps such as kalyan banerjee have gone after his lineage.
singh is the grandson of late prime minister lal bahadur shastri.
singh said today: i will answer my critics on political platforms.
i have a special bond with bengal (his wife is a bengali).
 the bjp's national leadership has been upbeat about bengal after the party's improved performance in the lok sabha polls.
it has lined up three programmes by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, union finance minister arun jaitley and national president shah between december 23 and february 1.
asked why the bjp has not projected candidates for the mayor or the chief minister in its expansion drive in the state that will witness some major elections in the next 18 months, singh said: the modi wave is still on.
people from across the country are voting for modi and the party.
we had no such projections for maharashtra or haryana, but we formed the government in the states, riding the wave.
we might do that here too.
or we might project somebody as the face of the party.
those decisions are for the future, he added.
subrat dassoil testing in the brahmani river in rourkela.
picture by uttam kumar palbhubaneswar: the state government on wednesday contested the centre's assertion that forest clearance was required for building the second bridge over the brahmani in rourkela.
the bjd and the bjp accused each other in the assembly for misleading the people on the bridge issue.
however, parliamentary affairs minister bikram keshari arukh on wednesday asserted in the assembly that the site of the proposed bridge at panposh in rourkela did not fall in the forest area and there was no need for any green approval.
to buttress his claim, arukh quoted from a letter written by rourkela divisional forest officer to the regional chief conservator of forests.
later in the day, naveen dashed off another letter to gadkari saying that no forest clearance was needed as the proposed site (of the bridge) is non forest in nature.
citing two letters of the forest officials and the nhai, naveen said: there is no impediment for the nhai to start the construction work even tomorrow.
in the assembly, arukh reiterated naveen's statement that if the centre failed to construct the bridge, it should permit the state government to undertake the project.
after arukh made the assertion, the bjp mlas said that the state government was misleading the people.
bjp's legislature party leader k.v. singh deo quoted extensively from gadkari's letter to claim that the delay was on account of forest clearance.
congress mlas rushed to the well of the house and said that either the state government or the bjp were misleading the assembly and it amounted to breach of privilege.
leader of the opposition narasingha mishra wanted a special privilege committee of the house to examine the matter and submit its report in 15 days' time.
the house witnessed three adjournments with the congress mlas rushing to the well and urging the speaker to constitute the house committee.
speaker pradip amat said that he would examine the matter.
our correspondentthe mahatma gandhi setu on wednesday.
picture by sachinpatna: construction of a new bridge parallel to gandhi setu over the ganga will start by march next year.
the matter is pending before the public investment board (pib).
as things stands now, gandhi setu is in a dilapidated condition as its repair work is going on.
on april 4, road construction minister nand kishore yadav met union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari to discuss the rs 3,000 crore new bridge.
construction will start by march 2019, nand kishore told the telegraph.
the matter has been sent to the public investment board (pib) and once it approves the tender, the process will start.
the pib, under the finance ministry, vets investment proposals by state-run entities.
after the pib's nod, the ministry of road, transport and highways (morth) will move the proposal to the central cabinet within.
construction of a new four-lane bridge will not face any land issue as there is no need to acquire land from any private people.
the bridge will come up west of gandhi setu.
once it gets the central cabinet's nod, the process of inviting the tender will begin, nand kishor said.
we can understand that gandhi setu is not in good shape and there is an urgent need to get this bridge.
work on the kachchi-dargah to bidupur bridge is also going on at a fast face.
the ambitious kachchi dargah-bidupur six-lane bridge project will be completed by january 2021.
the minister himself inspected the project at the patna and raghopur ends on february 1.
the new bridge is part of a special package announced by prime minster narendra modi for bihar and will be around 15km long, including the approach road.
unlike gandhi setu, the main bridge will not exceed 5.
575km.
it will be completed in four years' time.
gandhi setu is being restructured by morth, which has selected afcons-sibmost jv to execute the project.
currently, the western flank of gandhi setu is being dismantled before it is replaced by a steel structure.
it is expected to be ready by december 2018.
it is being restructured at a cost of rs 1382.
40 crore and the date of completion of the entire project is may 18, 2020.
new delhi, sept.
5: the bjp today geared up for a possible shot at power in delhi following a move by the lieutenant governor to explore government formation, inviting sharp objections from the aam aadmi party (aap) and the congress.
lieutenant governor najeeeb jung was learnt to have sought the presidents nod to invite the bjp, stirring the political pot in the state now under central rule.
we dont have the numbers.
but if the lieutenant governor invites us, we will explore the possibility.
we will analyse the situation based on who are ready to support us, state bjp chief satish upadhyay said.
senior leaders rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari discussed the situation and party chief amit shah is likely to hold a meeting with state leaders tomorrow.
the party will take a decision, rajnath said.
but another senior leader suggested caution.
we want to be very careful.
no mla wants fresh elections, so getting support isnt difficult.
but we want to make sure it does not tarnish the image of the party and the (narendra) modi government, the leader said.
the final call would be taken by modi, bjp sources said, adding his main concern would be possible allegations of horse-trading.
delhi was placed under central rule on february 17 this year, after arvind kejriwal resigned as chief minister of the congress-supported aap government.
jung kept the assembly under suspended animation.
the strength of the house has come down from 70 to 67 after three bjp mlas became mps.
the bjp, along with one mla of ally akali dal, has 29 mlas and would need the support of five more to reach the halfway mark of 34.
the bjp hopes to rustle up the numbers with the help of two independents, coupled with possible defections and abstentions by congress members.
the congress has eight mlas and most of them dont want to face fresh elections.
but the bjp also faces the problem of picking a chief minister.
too many aspirants would vie for the job after harsh vardhan, the face of the party in the december assembly polls, was elected to the lok sabha.
the aap, which continues to repent having quit the government, said any move to invite the bjp would be a murder of democracy and lashed out at lieutenant governor jung.
the congress accused the bjp of being scared of fresh elections.
so near yet so far the rashtrapati bhavan and its much-respected occupant seem to be far away from the rough and tumble of indias general election.
yet, after the entire nation has given its verdict, it is the president of india who will have to take the final call.
while everyone waits eagerly for may 16 and the secrets it will unfold, pranab mukherjee is quietly preparing for his role.
he is believed to be going through old files dating back to the elections of 1989, 1991, 1996 and 1998 in order to familiarize himself with how various occupants of the rashtrapati bhavan had dealt with the challenge of government-formation when a single party had failed to claim majority and, thereby, form a government at the centre.
mostly written in long hand, the observations put down by former presidents reportedly offer a range of views on why the single largest party should or should not be called to form the government.
as per convention, mukherjee is not legally or politically bound to follow the precedents set by r venkataraman, shankar dayal sharma or apj abdul kalam, but that is not stopping pranabbabu from making the best use of his time.
knowledge always means power.
testing time each to his own.
the former chief of the bharatiya janata party, nitingadkari gadkari, believes that the may 2014 parliamentary polls are not about narendra modi, but about the bjps supremacy.
while acknowledging modis role as an effective campaigner, gadkari has taken it on himself to prove his theory.
he has declined to contest from a safe seat like bhopal or indore that was offered to him by the party.
instead, he has chosen to contest from nagpur, so that he can prove that there is a countrywide tsunami in favour of the bjp.
why nagpur?
that is because in spite of being the headquarters of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, it has traditionally been a strong congress bastion.
a congress defeat here will show that gadkari is talking sense.
flop show if the sudden spurt in rahul gandhis interviews in newspapers is any indication, the congress is trying its best to turn around its ad-campaign that has been a complete flop thus far.
many party insiders themselves vouch for that.
a number of questions are cropping up  from the choice of the ad agency to the colour of the advertisements.
worse, the head of one key ad agency employed by the party has turned out to be a narendra modi supporter.
when priyanka gandhi took over the partys ad campaign, jairam ramesh, who had been looking after the campaign thus far, turned out to be an obvious target of her grouse.
sensing priyankas mood, a congress leader could not desist himself from trying to fan her anger a bit more by saying that when the public demand was for a karan johar or david dhawan kind of production, the grand old party was giving its campaign the satyajit ray-type of flavour.
priyanka, reportedly, was not amused.
perfect host the pakistani high commissioner in new delhi was in for a surprise when he decided to host an informal interaction with women journalists.
the q/a session, in fact, turned out to be quite a revelation for both abdul basit, a career diplomat, and his wife, summiya.
a lady from the indian media corp asked summiya directly if she wears the burqa.
when the sumptuous meal was served, another journalist tried to add a dash of humour by quipping, ab hum sab ne pakistan ka namak kha liya (now we have all tasted pakistans salt.
that left a number of red faces in the womens press delegation but basit, who has executed important assignments in moscow, new york, geneva and london, smiled generously.
the former pakistan foreign office spokesperson is believed to have later confided in a friend on how little the two neighbours, that is india and pakistan, knew each other, particularly those who were supposed to disseminate information.
get the drift?
new ploy the congress is said to be ringing in the changes for the delhi assembly polls that would follow the lok sabha elections.
ajay maken is being projected as the chief ministerial candidate.
arvinder singh lovely had replaced jp agarwal but he too has failed to attract the support of the sikhs.
muslims appear to have found an alternative in the aam aadmi party.
the congress is thus keen on projecting haroon yusuf, a muslim leader with a mass base.
but wont the chopping and changing fan the domestic fires further?
footnotecool head it pays to be a suave actor, at least when it comes to keeping ones cool.
jaya bachchan was in fatehpur sikri to campaign for the samajwadi party and had to respond to the provocative statements of the rashtriya lok dal candidate, amar singh.
as a former party colleague and close friend of the bachchans, singh, obviously, had a lot to say.
but jaya kept her poise and instead of spitting fire, she sought votes for the cycle, her partys symbol without making direct references to singh or his remarks.
meanwhile, former actors jaya prada and sridevi campaigned for singh.
given singhs remarks, it may have been quite a challenge for jaya to hold herself back.
singh is believed to have told his audience on one occasion that if he told the truth about some stars, they would have to commit suicide.
he is also alleged to have criticized big b for neither visiting him when he was jailed nor arranging for his bail.
singhs advise to his followers: help the needy, not the greedy.
all fall down when it rains, it pours.
after the string of scams and the bad show at the hustings, the defence controversy comes as the unkindest cut for the congress, especially since 10 janpath is believed to have done its utmost to ensure that any ghost akin to the bofors did not pounce upon it again.
many say that the appointment of a squeaky clean ak antony in place of pranab mukherjee, who was doing a reasonably good job as defence minister, was intended to work like the garlic charm.
unfortunately, the stink has now become unbearable.
many veteran congressmen want the army chief to be packed off, but the defence minister appears to have vetoed the proposal.
there is a palpable fear that there is more to be lost by sacrificing vk singh than by letting him be.
apart from coming as a tremendous blow to the defence establishment, singhs discharge could upset the rajput lobby, which, cutting across party lines, seems to be looking at him as another vp singh in the making.
a congress mp was recently heard complaining about the harassment of the rajput army chief.
who knows, the collective lament may even force general singh to don the politicians garb after he takes off his khaki uniform in may.
never say die sharad pawar seems to be getting edgy in his role as the union agriculture minister.
he knows, as does his party, that he is made for bigger things.
his pain at the pms reference to the compulsions of coalition dharma is naturally being seen as a veiled threat by the congress, which has previously witnessed pawars moves to grab the prime ministers chair.
if the federal front does shape up, there is little doubt that pawar will lend muscle to it.
however, given the massive egos of the regional satraps, nothing much seems to be happening on that front.
meanwhile, pawars wish to become the convener of the united progressive alliance is also believed to have been shot down by sonia gandhi.
target practice the scorn pouring over montek singh ahluwalia has been unstoppable since he sought to redefine the poverty line.
ashwani kumar, minister of state, planning commission, and junior to ahluwalia, is also believed to have seized the chance to lecture ahluwalia on the issue.
the economists email is virtually choked with messages criticizing his move and the academia, particularly the delhi school of economics, appears to be giving him a mouthful.
perhaps a lowering of the bar is on the cards.
late call well before holi and a day before the results of the assembly election in five states were to be declared, the bharatiya janata party president, nitingadkari gadkari, organized a holi milan at his residence.
as usual, prominent leaders and mediapersons were invited to the occasion.
there was a glitch though.
many invitees took the lane before the scheduled turn after having spotted media vans and a fleet of cars.
as it happened, these were actually waiting in front of the residence of harish rawat, the congress leader from uttarakhand, who was then busy in his rebellious activities that had attracted a lot of media attention.
only later, after the results were out and sonia gandhi had rejected rawats candidature as the states chief minister, did rawat have the time to call on his neighbour, gadkari.
surprise offer it was a day of surprises at the party hosted by the bangladesh high commission to commemorate national day.
guests were taken aback to see the union home minister, p chidambaram, stroll in sporting a suit.
kaushik basu, economic adviser to the government of india, wore a dhoti and a red panjabi.
but the most surprising fact was that the spread, instead of including bangladeshs famous hilsa, turned out to be tame mughlai.
safe distance it did not require star-gazing, but whoever did the seating arrangements at the bash organized by mukesh ambani recently knew for sure that it was imperative to keep salman khan at a safe distance from his former lover, aishwarya rai bachchan.
salman was flanked by another khan  aamir  and shatrughan sinha while ash sat a few chairs away with hubby abhishek bachchan for company in the same row.
meanwhile, the media have been left speculating whether their paths did not cross at all.
footnote a budget film not everything was predictable about the budget this time.
while giving some relief in service tax to mark the centenary year of indian cinema, pranab mukherjee mentioned the shah rukh khan-produced ra one.
for someone like pranabda, who is as far removed from films as nitingadkari gadkari is now from the jalebi, it was a surprise mention.
when questioned, the finance minister recalled that the last film he had seen was rang de basanti when he was defence minister.
pranabda had to watch it perforce with the service chiefs to clear a controversy.
there was no such controversy with ra one though, and pranabda admitted that he mentioned the film after a colleague suggested its inclusion.
an industrywallah is supposed to have remarked that the only reason for the inclusion was that mukherjees budget, just like ra one, was an undeniable flop.
who is this gadkari, asked mamata banerjee.
it was the summer of 2009, and banerjee, who was then rail minister, was meeting a delegation from karnataka led by the late ananth kumar.
it was time to elect a new bjp president and gadkari had emerged a strong contender.
kumar, an informed member of the bjp hierarchy, patiently explained to banerjee that nitingadkari gadkari was a well-known leader of maharashtra and a successful public works department (pwd) minister there.
banerjee didnt seem convinced.
she said, why him, when there are such senior and capable leaders like rajnath singh, sushma swaraj and arun jaitley?
kumar smiled, but didnt reply.
only days later gadkari was anointed bjp president, replacing rajnath singh.
gadkari, a nagpur boy, had practically grown up in a shakha; he was rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwats pick.
apart from the fact that he met bhagwats desire for a generation change in the bjp  he was 52 at the time  gadkari was viewed as not flashy or individualistic, good qualities in the sangh ethic.
now, a decade on, gadkari has craftily tip-toed to the position the sangh has probably always been nudging him towards  as the man who will be a credible alternative to narendra modi as the prime ministerial candidate should the bjp fall short of numbers and need to desperately rebuild the nda in its bid to retain power.
the modi-shah duo has ruffled feathers, not merely in the ranks of allies but within the bjp as well; nobody in the bjp will say it openly but the modi-shah dictatorial diarchy hasnt gone down well with party rank and hierarchy.
should the two fail to manage the magic tally, gadkari could well emerge as a more acceptable consensus leader of a newly-constituted nda.
gadkari is far from an unknown entity; on the contrary, he is consciously teasing himself into the centrestage.
some of his recent comments, clearly a taunt to pm modi and his worldview, have prompted the whole country to take notice of the lumbering tortoise from nagpur and ask  who is this gadkari?
in the span of the last month and a little more, gadkari has showered wholesome praise on jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi, counselled party members should speak less, and conceded that unemployment is a major problem facing the country.
none of this could have been music to modis ears.
when bjp workers heckled delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal at the launch of a campaign to clean the yamuna, they earned a rap from the senior leader.
gadkari has gone on to clarify that some of his statements had been twisted, but thats just smart politics, no more.
tiwari is the chairperson of vasantrao naik sheti swavalamban mission, a task force of the maharashtra government for crop loans in the farmer suicide-prone marathwada and vidarbha regions, and holds a ministerial rank.
he recently wrote a letter to bhagwat and the rss general secretary, suresh bhaiyyaji joshi, asking them to get rid of arrogant leaders and name gadkari as the prime ministerial candidate ahead of the 2019 elections.
tiwari says that in doing so he was merely reflecting the views of bjp cadres who were too scared to speak up.
over phone from amravati in maharashtra, tiwari said: it was a confidential letter.
but it was leaked to the press by the rss brass in nagpur.
i was critical of modi and amit shah for their autocratic ways of functioning and the way they wreaked havoc through their brainless policies.
you are free to interpret as to why the rss leaked the letter.
of the sharper salvos gadkari has fired on the modi dispensation recently is that government and party bosses should own up to failures and defeats just as they grab credit for success.
his exact words were: if i am the party president and my mps and mlas are not doing well, then who is responsible?
i am.
former union minister and member of the bjp, sangh priya gautam, tells the telegraph over phone from bulandshahr that he is aghast at the partys remorselessness after the electoral losses in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
it is the bjps history to hold introspection meetings after every defeat to know the reasons and make amends.
it was the sanghs idea to do that.
i am not aware of any such meeting so far.
i think gadkari has a reason if he says leadership should take responsibility for the defeat.
gautam recently wrote an open letter to senior bjp functionaries with recommendations that included elevating gadkari to the post of deputy prime minister.
and could it be mere coincidence that calls have begun to be made for a prime minister from maharashtra?
among those who have appeared to endorse this is maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis himself.
but apart from the fact that he is dyed-in-the-wool saffron and not spewing or enabling socio-political toxicity, what else is there that makes gadkari a viable alternative to modi?
he is the only central minister who is popular with the public and even the party people, says gautam.
according to bal kulkarni, a nagpur-based political analyst and former editor of several marathi dailies, gadkari has modelled himself on sharad pawar  he displays no rough edges, he has cultivated friends across party and ideological lines and, critically, has very strong links with the corporate world.
that, translated, means moneybags.
he is himself a successful entrepreneur and once ran the controversial purti group, which had interests in several sectors from real estate to power to sugar.
his many quirks are common knowledge  how he likes to employ cheesy hindi film dialogues; how he had to have a bariatric surgery because he used to be obese; his enduring and foregrounded weakness for the maharashtrian snack, bhel.
but while once upon a time, people may have laughed at him for these, it is possible that the same things now make him appear more human, even endearing, especially compared to the carefully spin-doctored 56-inch chest persona.
there is, of course, no discounting his political savvy.
gadkari couldnt have arrived where he has from relative political obscurity in the time that he has.
from the very start of his career as partyman in maharashtra, gadkari has known that navigating upwards in the bjp would be no easy thing; his 2009-13 stint as party president only confirmed that to him.
if maharashtra was tricky, delhi was downright slippery.
but gadkari has not merely managed his balance, he has continued to push his career as well.
as party president, gadkari, had inducted sanjay joshi, modis bte noire, into the bjps national executive.
while some say gadkari was impressed by joshis hold on party workers, his opponents claim he was brought in to cut modi, who was then chief minister of gujarat, to size.
modi would, of course, hit back later and have joshi humiliated and cast out.
gadkari himself was sidelined for causing affront to rising star modi.
joshi has maintained a low profile since, but gadkari survived that storm and came back to delhi as a minister in the modi government.
says ganesh kanate, a former journalist and somebody who has tracked gadkaris rise, gadkari is uncomfortable with the opponents within his party, but he is unlikely to join a camp or form a group of his own.
the rss, i know for sure, has instructed leaders in the bjp not to disturb him.
apart from being a survivor, and an affable one, gadkari is also said to be the best performing minister in the modi government.
he might have won his first lok sabha election in 2014  from nagpur, where else?
but he cut his teeth as a public servant during his stint in the pwd ministry in the shiv sena-bjp government in the mid-90s.
the 55 flyovers in mumbai and the mumbai-pune expressway built during his tenure are now stuff of legend.
and when he took charge as minister of roads, transport and highways in 2014  he is also minister for shipping and waterways he streamlined processes, ensured that only the deserving got projects with guarantees of on-time delivery, roped in foreign consultants to carry out feasibility studies and suggest changes to existing policies.
the roads ministry claims that the speed of road building is now 40 kilometres a day from a mere 2 kilometres a day during the upa ii regime.
resource mobilisation through the build-operate-transfer scheme has been an innovative mechanism for raising much-needed funds in the road sector, says rajaji meshram, partner at consultancy firm ernst & young and an expert on railways, ports, logistics and other transport infrastructure sectors.
gadkari doesnt mind amending schemes, even his pet ones, when it is obvious that they havent and wont take off.
it was he who introduced the engineering, procurement and construction or epc arrangement, under which the government proffered funds to private companies to initiate new projects.
the epc scheme was an impetus to stalled projects but couldnt be sustained.
before that, the minister had junked public-private partnership in infrastructure projects and replaced it with the build-operate-transfer model.
he has had his share of failed projects  amphibious buses that can ply on roads and sail on water and were supposed to be introduced across india; the sagarmala project that was to link all ports in india; and the shifting deadline of the ganga clean-up project.
says kanate, he may claim that he has done 80 things but only 60 may have come to fruition in reality.
but there are so many that people tend to ignore the ones he has failed in.
he keeps saying mera naam badal dena if such and such thing is not done.
he doesnt succeed every time but his strike rate is very high.
sangha priya gautam points out, modi inaugurates completed projects of gadkari, while he only lays foundation stones for other ministers.
and bal kulkarni, who had earlier compared gadkari to pawar, says, he has proved his mettle.
while sharad pawar spent 25 to 30 years in delhi to establish himself as a leader of some stature, gadkari has earned that in only four-and-a-half years.
he is also not into cow or temple politics.
now it is for him to decide what he does with the stature he has earned.
it is modi or none from the bjp is the line that is being bandied around by the modi-shah establishment within the ruling party.
but tiwari says friends in high places in the rss have told him that gadkari should continue to speak his mind.
he adds, they have assured me that they have a plan in place.
so should gadkari.
theres no gainsaying politics is an unpredictable affair; gadkari may only be counting upon it to be more so in the run-up to 2019.
police personnel rest after collecting their election duty slips and material at a distribution centre ahead of the lok sabha election in dibrugarh on april 10.
ptivoting will happen in 91 lok sabha seats on april 11.
andhra pradesh, telangana, arunachal pradesh, andaman and nicobar, sikkim, meghalaya, mizoram, nagaland and the lakshadweep will complete voting in the first phase.
apart from the nine states and union territories, 11 others will see partial voting in the first phase.
here are some names and contests to watch out.
the contest: kishore chandra deo (tdp) vs v shruti devi (congress)seat: araku (st), andhra pradeshinterest quotient: six-time mp deo left the congress in february and joined the telugu desam party.
the congress has picked his daughter shruti devi to contest against him.
kiren rijiju telegraph picturethe contest: kiren rijiju (bjp) vs nabam tuki (congress)seat: arunachal west, arunachal pradeshinterest quotient: the two-time mp is expected to face a tough fight from former congress chief minister tuki, who has also won the seat once.
the contest: gaurav gogoi (congress) vs moni madhab mahanta (agp)seat: kaliabor, assaminterest quotient: kaliabor is a gogoi bastion.
tarun gogoi, gauravs father and former chief minister who rued for 16 years, has been elected from here thrice.
taruns brother dip has been elected twice.
gaurav won the seat in 2014.
bjp president amit shah (centre) flanked by bihar chief minister nitish kumar (second from right), and ljp president ram vilas paswan (second from left).
in the extreme left is chirag paswan.
at the extreme right bjp leader bhupendra yadav in new delhi on december 23.
the bjp announced its bihar alliance for the lok sabha elections after this meeting.
pti file photothe contest: chirag kumar paswan (ljp) vs upendra ravidas (bsp)seat: jamui, biharinterest quotient: chirag paswan, believed to be the one who pushed the lok janshakti party to ally with the bjp, easily secured the seat in the modi wave in 2014.
chirag, who started as an actor before moving to politics in 2014, won by nearly 80,000 votes.
without a modi wave, will chirag's flame show?
the contest: agatha k sangma (npp) vs dr mukul sangma (congress)seat: tura, meghalayainterest quotient: once a p.a. sangma stronghold, the constituency sent agatha, his daughter, to the 15th lok sabha as the youngest mp.
at 29, she was the youngest minister in upa ii.
mukul sangma, on the other hand, has been the chief minister of meghalaya and served two terms.
agatha faces a tough contest.
the contest: imran masood (congress) vs raghav lakhanpal (bjp) vs fazlur rehman (bsp)seat: saharanpur, uttar pradeshinterest quotient: saharanpur has a three-corner fight in its hands.
lakhanpal, the bjp mp, rehman, one of the countrys biggest meat exporters, and imran, the nephew of five-time saharanpur mp rasheed masood are in the fray.
bhim army, in a setback to the mahagatbandhan, has expressed its support for masood.
this seat could show how much of a spoiler the congress can be in this election.
senior bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari telegraph picturethe contest: nitingadkari gadkari (bjp) vs nana patole (congress)seat: nagpur, maharashtrainterest quotient: nagpur is gadkaris home ground and the rss headquarters.
gadkari won nagpur in 2014.
this time, in some quarters there were murmurs that he could be the consensus face for prime minister.
is this a future prime minister's seat?
the contest: tabassum begum (sp) vs pradeep kumar (bjp)seat: kairana, uttar pradeshinterest quotient: in 2018, tabassum contested the kairana seat in a bypoll and won as the rld candidate, who had the support of the congress, samajwadi party and the bsp.
this time she is contesting from the samajwadi camp, and bsp and rld are her allies.
in 2018, her win was held up as an example of the alliance working.
will she repeat the alliance script?
the contest: ajit singh (rld) vs sanjeev kumar balyan (bjp)seat: muzaffarnagar, uttar pradeshinterest quotient: ajit lost bastion baghpat in the modi wave in 2014.
this year his son jayant chaudhary will contest from baghpat.
ajits rival balyan was part of a mahapanchayat in a muzaffarnagar village which inflamed communal tension.
he is an accused in the 2013 riots case but was later made a minister of state in the modi government.
minus the modi wave, will balyan return?
the contest: jayant chaudhary (rld) vs satyapal singh (bjp)seat: baghpat, uttar pradeshinterest quotient: the constituency has sent a chaudhary family member to parliament nine times.
charan singh was elected thrice and his son ajit six times.
in 2014, ajit lost to bjps satyapal singh, a former mumbai police commissioner.
junior foreign minister v.k. singh telegraph file picturethe contest: v.k. singh (bjp) vs suresh bansal (sp)seat: ghaziabad, uttar pradeshinterest quotient: the modi wave carried former army chief singh to victory in 2014, but he faces a tough challenge from bansal.
the constituency created after 2008 by delimitation sent rajnath singh to parliament in 2009.
the contest: mahesh sharma (bjp) vs arvind kumar singh (congress)seat: gautam budh nagar, uttar pradeshinterest quotient: news reports suggest that farmers anger against bjp might work against sharma, who won the seat last time with a 50 per cent vote share.
this time, the entry of a congress candidate who cuts into the rajput vote share of the bjp is also a worry for sharma.
the farm belts of noida, khurja, jewar and dadri are in this constituency.
new delhi, jan.
9: senior rss leaders have at an election review meeting with bjp representatives taken serious note of the aam aadmi party (aap) in the context of delhi, sources said.
the meeting is being held since yesterday in hyderabad, attended by rss chief mohanrao bhagwat and deputies suresh bhaiyyaji joshi, suresh soni, dattatreya hosabale and krishna gopal.
the bjp leaders include party chief rajnath singh and predecessor nitingadkari gadkari.
the rss brass were given a detailed account of the bjps showing in the states where poll results were declared last month.
the bjp won rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh.
delhi was the only blip in the dream run and the aaps role in it made the rss team sit up, the sources said, but added bhagwat did not say a word on the new party.
but the bjp leaders sought to give a larger impression, one beyond delhi  that the aap would not seriously impact its prospects in the lok sabha polls the hyderabad meeting is expected to outline the agenda the bjp will line up for its national executive and national council session in delhi from january 17 to 19.
it will be the last such congregation before the election.
but while bhagwat kept his counsel on the aap with himself, rss mouthpiece organiser did not, holding up arvind kejriwals party as a model for the bjp, much like the congresss jairam ramesh had done.
in its latest edition, the weekly carried two pieces heaping undiluted praise on kejriwals brand of politics.
one extols narendra modi and implores the aap to back the bjp in the lok sabha polls  seen as a tacit admission of its potential to damage the bjp.
the article aap, congress and the bjp by anandshankar pandya singles out honesty and humility as the aaps greatest qualities and calls on the bjp to take note.
the other article, bringing governance at the centre by shikha tyagi, claims the aaps innocence and modesty resonated with the anguished aam aadmi and helped it connect with the last person in delhi.
tyagi does not mention the bjp even once but leaves little doubt that the bjp, the rsss political progeny, should learn from the aap.
if there were allegations that most aap volunteers during elections were paid workers, most chairs placed in ram lila maidan on the day the new cm (kejriwal) took oath were filled with aam aadmi who had come to celebrate their liberation from pawns of power, the author says.
tyagi also seeks to bust the bjps belief that the aap was a flash in the pan, saying the party was here to stay for it has given voice to the hitherto unheard common man.
she calls on the bjp to stop running down the aap-congress tie-up in dellhi and start criticising only when the aap fails on delivery.
in the other article, pandya holds up modi as a decisive and experienced leader who can deliver the goods.
but the sources said the articles presented the rss with two immediate tasks: pull back its sympathisers like tyagi who seem to have crossed over to the aap and ensure they vote the bjp.
this, the sources said, would have to be done by recharging the campaign to position modi as the only credible prime ministerial contender and the bjp as the only credible alternative to the upa.
the other plan is to persuade on the bjp to be less hi-tech and rediscover its jana sangh roots of direct connect with people through door-to-door canvassing, an election strategy the aap was seen to have used effectively.
new delhi, july 10: arun jaitley has continued with all the flagship programmes of the upa government, allaying the doubts over the narendra modi governments intent on social security initiatives.
he has, however, added scores of separate small-scale social-sector schemes too  instead of combining them under umbrella programmes  marking a trend that social activists say belies the prime ministers slogan of more governance and less government.
while the activists are happy at the new governments thumbs-up to the upas pro-poor programmes, many of them feel the allocations are inadequate.
jaitley has earmarked rs 1.
15 lakh crore for subsidised food  rs 59,000 crore for the implementation of the national food security act, passed last year, and rs 56,000 crore for providing food subsidies till the act is universally implemented.
last year, the upa had allocated rs 80,000 crore for food subsidies till the act was enforced, and rs 10,000 crore for the acts implementation.
the act seeks to provide subsidised food to up to 75 per cent people in rural areas and 50 per cent people in urban areas.
it was supposed to be rolled out in all the states by july 5 this year.
only a handful of states have implemented it, however, with most of the states yet to finalise their lists of beneficiaries.
jaitley today gave the states and union territories three more months to enforce the act.
job guarantee a sum of rs 33,364 crore has been allocated for the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act programme, which guarantees up to 100 days of unskilled employment to every rural household in a year.
the programmes future seemed to have come under a cloud recently when rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje wrote to union rural development minister nitingadkari gadkari suggesting the law be repealed and the programme converted to a scheme.
she had argued that a legal entitlement to employment leads to lawsuits.
social activist nikhil dey and aruna roy had protested any move to dilute the legally guaranteed entitlement to employment.
jaitley said: however, wage employment would be provided under mgnrega through works that are more productive, asset-creating and substantially linked to agriculture and allied activities.
dey was unimpressed by the allocation, saying the governments dues in unpaid wages and unpaid material costs under the programme were rs 5,000 crore last year.
adjusting for that sum, the allocation this year is rs 28,364 crore, dey said.
last year, rs 38,000 crore was spent.
going by an inflation rate of 10 per cent, the allocation this year should have been rs 42,000 crore.
but the available money is only rs 28,364 crore, which is almost rs 14,000 crore less, dey said.
former national advisory council member n.c. saxena too questioned the allocations for the flagship welfare schemes.
the increase is less than 10 per cent while the inflation is more than 10 per cent, saxena said.
he criticised the announcement about the scores of small schemes, worth sums like rs 50 crore or rs 100 crore  relating to issues ranging from teacher training and grading of schools to girls education and womens safety on highways.
to implement these, the government will have to provide logistics and bureaucracy, he said.
the prime minister voices the slogan of more governance and less government but these small schemes will ensure more government and less governance, saxena said.
the additional schemes would require procurement of new vehicles and office space and the hiring of manpower, he said.
ideally, they should have combined different schemes.
dey agreed.
he said the smaller schemes do not perform well and their monitoring is always poor.
among the other upa flagship programmes left untouched are the nirmal bharat abhiyan, the rural livelihood mission aajeevika, the right to education and the national rural health mission.
the allocation for nirmal bharat, which seeks to provide rural homes with toilets, is about rs 4,137 crore, up from rs 3,834 crore last year.
the scheme may be renamed the swatchh bharat abhiyan.
roads, bandwidth a sum of rs 24,013 crore has been earmarked for the national highways authority of india.
the target is to build 8,500km of national highways this financial year.
the government will also provide rs 14,389 crore for the pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana.
a pan-india programme, digital india, has been proposed to provide broadband connectivity and other it facilities to villages.
the government will encourage the development of metro railways, including light rail systems, in cities with two million or more people.
jaitley has allocated rs 100 crore for metro projects in lucknow and ahmedabad.
amit bhelarimokama, oct.
14: prime minister narendra modi indirectly slammed rjd chief lalu prasad in mokama on the dev-elopment front and claimed bihar had not seen as much road construction since independence as it had since 2014.
some people used to say roads are meant for those who have cars, and not the poor.
no one has damaged the country as much as these people with distorted mentality, said modi.
he was laying the foundation stone of infrastructure projects worth rs 3,769 crore, including construction of four national highway projects and sewage treatment projects for patna under the namami gange project, at mokama, 90km east of patna.
a villager had complained to lalu, when he was chief minister, that the road passing through his village was potho-led for years.
lalu told him smooth roads would only help those who have cars but would be a threat to village children, who might get run over.
modi claimed that road projects worth rs 53,000 crore, out of rs 55,000 crore sanctioned for the road sector in a special package for bihar, had either been completed or were under way.
bihar, probably, has not seen as much road construction in the past three years as it has since independence, modi said.
road construction was nitish kumar's usp as chief minister in the various governments he has led since 2005, mostly in alliance with the bjp.
and yet, nitish did not react to modi's boast.
in his speech, nitish heaped praise on the centre for laying foundation stones of development schemes, but made two demands.
he asked for a new road connecting buxar and varanasi and another bridge parallel to vikramshila setu in bhagalpur.
i've nothing to say as you have mentioned a lot about various projects for bihar, nitish said.
but it is my request to you to construct a road between buxar and varanasi.
he said it would reduce travel time between delhi and patna.
he also said that four sewage projects would treat 140 million litres per day and stop dirty water from being discharged into the ganga.
the prime minister began his speech in the local dialect, sending the crowds into frenzy, as they raised cries of modi, modi.
in his half-an-hour-long speech, from 3.
30 to 4pm, modi also praised nitish, saying he was always ready to extend his support.
the road and bridge projects launched by the pm included four-lanning of aunta-simariya section of nh-31 and construction of a six-lane bridge parallel to rajendra setu over the ganga at a cost of rs 1,161 crore.
other road projects included four-laning of bakhtiyapur-mokama section of nh-31 at an estimated outlay of rs 837 crore, construction of a two-lane maheshkhunt-saharsa-purnea section of nh 107 at a cost of rs 736 crore and two-lane construction of bihar sharif barbigha-mokama section of nh-82 at rs 297 crore.
all these projects are part of prime minister modi's special package of rs1.
60 lakh crore for bihar, which he had announced before the 2015 assembly election.
modi reached the taal area at 2pm, along with governor satyapal malik, chief minister nitish kumar and deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi on an army chopper.
speaking on rural electrification work being done in the country, modi said: we had targeted to provide power connection to 18,000 villages in 1,000 days.
of these, 15,000 villages have been electrified and the remaining 3,000 villages would be electrified in the stipulated timeframe.
the prime minister also said that sanitation coverage in the country had increased from 50 to 80 per cent and 2.
5 lakh villages had been made open-defecation-free (odf).
nitish, who praised gadkari for his positive approach towards work, assured him there will not be any problem in land acquisition for any projects in bihar.
nitin gadkari does not know 'no' as there is no 'no' in his dictionary.
we will help and cooperate in carrying out land acquisition for any developmental projects, nitish said.
many senior leaders were on the dais but only ram vilas paswan, gadkari and sushil kumar modi got to speak.
ram kripal yadav, r.k. singh, giriraj singh, former chief minister jitan ram manjhi, madhepura mp pappu yadav and state ministers did not get a chance.
there were no posters showing both prime minister modi and nitish in the entire stretch from patna to mokama.
in the evening, lalu took a dig at modi and nitish by tweeting: govt at center & bihar serving as double engine of regress specialising in crime, corruption, communalism, fascism & opportunism.
our special correspondentranchi: state water resources department secretary k.k. soan sent a proposal to the centre on thursday seeking funds for 10 new big and small irrigation projects following a meeting between union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister raghubar das in delhi on december 18 last year, according to an official communiqu issued by iprd department.
das, during his meeting with gadkari, who also holds the water resources portfolio, demanded more funds and more schemes to ensure that proper irrigation facilities reached every agriculture field in the state.
soan said that some of the proposals that were sent for the centre's approval include budhai reserviour scheme in deoghar, pipeline work in garhwa under sone and kanhar water schemes, dugni barrage scheme in seraikela and tilaiya irrigation scheme in koderma.
in the last three years, as much as rs 905 crore was sanctioned for water and irrigation purposes.
this includes 1,307 check dams, 36 new dams and 34 irrigation schemes.
of the total check dams, 602 are over and the rest are in various phases of completion.
this apart, 134 minor irrigation works as well as renovation of several dams are underway, the communiqu added.
dev rajnitin gadkaripatna: the state government has directed district magistrates to take effective action with regard to land acquisition woes plaguing and stalling various road projects ahead of union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari's scheduled visit on january 29.
gadkari will meet chief minister nitish kumar to discuss various issues related to national highways.
around 17 national highway projects of ministry of road transport and highways (morth) in bihar are either stalled or progressing at a snail's pace because of various issues pertaining to land acquisition and payment of compensation to people from whom land has been taken.
i am personally in touch with several district magistrates to ensure the issues are resolved quickly.
there are small patches of land that have not been acquired and it's posing difficulties in execution of the national highway projects.
efforts are on to fast-track acquisition of these plots, road construction minister nand kishore yadav said.
he said the state government was going all out to resolve petty issues that are delaying projects, as the topic will be on gadkari's agenda.
our agenda will be to seek more national highways for bihar so that not only people of the state, but also those traversing it, benefit in various ways.
roads are the path of development, yadav said.
road construction department (rcd) principal secretary amrit lal meena has sent a list of stalled or delayed national highway (nh) projects to the district magistrates concerned with directions to raise these issues at the monthly video-conferencing to be chaired by chief secretary anjani kumar singh on january 23.
the rcd principal secretary has asked us to note that union minister for morth is meeting our chief minister on january 29 when these issues will be reviewed, a district magistrate told the telegraph.
among the projects facing land acquisition and compensation issues are the 40km-long chakia-sheohar section of nh-104, where land is yet to be handed over.
compensation distribution is also slow with only rs 13 crore out of a total of rs 23 crore disbursed till now.
work at nh-327e in araria district is stalled due to slow pace of land acquisition on consent to construct a road over bridge.
similarly, people are not allowing work on approach road of the rob on bhagalpur bypass.
in munger, people are not allowing foundation work for construction of the ghorghat bridge.
as per the list of projects given to the district magistrates, residents are disturbing work on the bikram bypass on the anisabad-arwal section of nh-98, while work on upgradation of nh-104 in madhubani district is stalled due to slow disbursement of compensation.
so far, only rs 45 crore of rs 72 crore has been disbursed.
however, the district administrations have swung into action to resolve the issues.
katihar is an example, where four families were not allowing work on a section of nh-104 along the bengal border.
it has now been resolved and work has started.
mumbai, march 11: narendra modi and rajnath singh today telephoned shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, who had made it clear he was upset with the bjp for reaching out to his estranged cousin raj thackeray, sena sources said.
the bjp should clarify who is authorised in maharashtra bjp to take decisions?
uddhav had said.
if need arises, will you take anybodys support.
.
.
like (arvind) kejriwal.
.
.
.
will they take support of the congress also if needed?
raj, whom bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari had met a few days earlier, has fielded candidates against the sena but said he is supporting modi for prime minister.
bjp state chief devendra fadnavis called on uddhav in the afternoon, followed by the partys maharashtra in charge, rajiv pratap rudy, in the evening.
we told the sena that devendra fadnavis will take decisions at the state level and rajnath singh will take them at the national level.
uddhavji also spoke to the bjp president just now, rudy said.
modi called later, the sources said.
subhashish mohantythe mahanadibhubaneswar: union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari's offer for fresh negotiations between odisha chief minister naveen patnaik and his chhattisgarh counterpart raman singh to settle the mahanadi water dispute has sparked off a series of protests in the state.
leave alone the bjd, even a senior bjp leader and the congress on friday attacked gadkari accusing him of buying time for chhattisgarh to complete its ongoing projects on the river.
the bjd, which had rejected the offer on thursday, on friday demanded immediate halt to construction activities by chhattisgarh.
bjp leader bijoy mohapatra said: the bjd should have raised the issue more vociferously and lodged a strong protest.
the fate of the mahanadi is now uncertain.
he said: odisha has already been hit due to construction activities by chhattisgarh in the upper stream of the river.
the water level in the mahanadi has started receding near jobra and naraj.
next summer, the people of bhubaneswar and cuttack may not get water to drink.
besides fresh talks, gadkari has also suggested constitution of a river board to settle the issue.
the memorandum of agreement (moa) between madhya pradesh and odisha (dt.
27-04-1983) provides a mechanism to resolve the issue through formation of a joint control board.
however, no control board has been constituted.
i appeal to you to initiate early action for formation of the control board, he said in his letter to naveen.
leader of opposition narasingha mishra said: the centre has betrayed odisha.
in the rajya sabha, the government had admitted earlier that negotiation between centre and odisha relating to the river dispute has failed.
and therefore, under the law the central government is bound to appoint a tribunal to settle the dispute.
mishra said: the bjp in odisha also argued for constituting a tribunal.
now, outside the assembly, the same party outside is taking a different stand on the issue.
mishra accused the bjd of not presenting its case properly on the mahanadi water dispute in parliament.
state bjp spokesperson, pitambar acharya said: the bjd and the congress appear to be ignoring the interest of the state on the issue.
the state government should welcome gadkari's offer and participate in the talks.
new delhi, dec.
16: bjp president nitingadkari gadkari is pushing for uma bharti as a candidate in the uttar pradesh polls, but state leaders are resisting the nomination of an outsider.
uma, who is from neighbouring madhya pradesh, was expected to figure in the first list of nominees released on tuesday night but did not.
there is a strong opinion in favour of uma contesting the elections but there are dissenting views.
however, there is no significant opposition, said a source close to gadkari.
he stressed that umas name would be cleared in the next round of nominations.
a source close to uma said: she is not keen to contest.
but if she is offered a ticket, she will not say no.
uma returned to the bjp a few months ago, almost six years after her expulsion in 2005, and was asked to help out in uttar pradesh.
the understanding then was that the uttar pradesh assignment was meant more to keep her out of madhya pradesh, where she had led the bjp to power in 2003 and was briefly chief minister till she had to step down over a court case.
madhya pradesh leaders, including chief minister shivraj singh chauhan, did not want her back in the state.
for the past month, media reports, fuelled largely by gadkaris cryptic responses to queries on whether uma was a prospective chief ministerial candidate in uttar pradesh, suggested she was under consideration.
sources said uma was relevant in uttar pradesh because she represented the kalyan singh brand of politics that had kept the bjp in power in the state for several years.
like kalyan, who is out of the bjp now, she is a backward caste lodh-rajput, a group that matters in parts of the states west and central regions as well as bundelkhand.
uma herself hails from the madhya pradesh part of bundelkhand, which spans both states.
uma also symbolises hindutva, like kalyan did, because of her active association with the ram temple movement.
the uttar pradesh bjp has not had a crowd-puller after kalyan left.
none of the so-called front-rankers like rajnath singh, kalraj mishra, lalji tandon, kesri nath tripathi and om prakash singh are remarkable orators or have charisma.
but these leaders have issues with uma because, for one, she is not from their state.
sources said rajnath, mishra, tripathi and others were embroiled in turf battles so far but the threat of an outsider had united them.
they are working hard to ensure she does not get a ticket.
they have argued that projecting an obc face might put off the upper castes, a source said.
the first list of candidates has usual faces like mishra, tripathi and state party chief surya pratap shahi.
union minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha at the closing ceremony on friday.
picture by prashant mitra ranchi, feb.
17: he's more than qualified to hold forth on jharkhand's business potential, being an mba from harvard business school and having a distinguished corporate career for years before his plunge into heartland politics.
hazaribagh mp and union minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha feels the global investors' summit established jharkhand on the global map.
he should know, because an article he co-wrote over a decade ago with harvard professors tarun khanna and krishna g. palepu for harvard business review, 'strategies that fit emerging markets', nailed the topic.
asked why the two-day investors' summit on thursday and friday, which saw an a-list of industry leaders, ministers and diplomats never seen before in jharkhand, was a game-changer, jayant told the telegraph that it gave investors the opportunity to really understand what jharkhand was all about.
excerpts tt: what is jharkhand's main takeaway from the summit?
jayant: i think the state gets three major benefits.
first, the summit has established the state on the global business map by getting the attention of a galaxy of business leaders, senior political leaders and ministers.
jharkhand's potential was presented in the best possible way through the summit.
second, it provided business leaders the opportunity to meet top state officials, know industrial policies and available resources.
third, the summit has set a tradition matching vibrant gujarat as a platform to attract investments but mous have been signed in the past as well.
this seriousness of intent (for jharkhand) is completely new.
a momentum has been created this time which we will keep, which is why the slogan is momentum jharkhand.
its not a one or two days' show but a big start for the state to go on the path of development in a planned way.
is it chief minister raghubar das's vision?
absolutely.
he has visited various states and countries and collected the best experiences to plan this.
that is the reason why jharkhand had this summit of a global stature but, has the summit left an impact on delegates?
yes, it has created a strong image of jharkhand, which i think was never seen before do people expect a lot from this stable state government, a first for jharkhand?
people have confidence in the das government.
they know well that for another three years it will work in best possible way.
people like the combination of the state and central governments in sync.
the state government works in coordination with the centre which on its part gives it full support what about the opposition?
the opposition parties in the state only know how to oppose.
they don't know how to work together.
the actual fact is that people are tired of negative politics and want the politics of development.
plans for your constituency hazaribagh?
i met top ntpc officials yesterday (thursday) at the summit and was told that rs 48,000 crore will be pumped in hazaribagh and neighbouring chatra in various projects.
even transport minister nitingadkari gadkariji promised funds for road projects in hazaribagh, dhanbad, ranchi, bokaro and jamshedpur what about regional air connectivity in jharkhand?
jamshedpur will have this facility in few weeks but in places like hazaribagh and palamau we have to acquire land to develop aerodromes.
that will take significant time what about medical colleges in hazaribagh, palamau and dumka?
we got the date from union health minister j.p. nadda.
he will lay the foundation stone for the three projects on february 23.
but we have to decide after talking to nadda ji on where the function will take place.
dancers perform during the hmar sikpui ruoi celebration in imphal on wednesday.
picture by ngangbam indrakanta singhmanipur chief minister n. biren singh on wednesday said politics should be based only on service to people and humanity.
speaking at the hmar sikpui ruoi celebration at tribal research institute (tri), chingmeirong, here, he said equal development, respect and recognition for every community residing in the hill and the valley could only bring love and attachment among the people.
sikpui ruoi is one of the most important festivals of the hmar community.
the uniqueness of this festival is that it is not celebrated annually but on those years when there has been a good harvest.
people are losing faith in politicians as most of them do not translate even 50 per cent of their promises/assurances into action, he said.
the chief minister said among the 33 recognised communities in the state, hmars are one of the most advanced, decent, educated and gentle.
on rumours about shifting of district administration from pherzawl headquarters to churachandpur, the chief minister said there was no such plan at all.
there is no question of rescinding previous governments decision of declaring pherzawl as a full-fledged district by the present government, he said.
biren singh said ginger farmers of the district are no longer facing lack of buyers or market after the state-level ginger festival was organised at parbung village of the district this year.
he said a mini cold storage would be constructed at pherzawl to store ginger and other horticulture produces of the district as soon as possible.
the chief minister said survey for the construction of tipaimukh-jiribam road was complete and he had written to union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari to declare the road as a national highway.
work on churachandpur-tipaimukh road has made good progress, he added.
the chief minister also said the government would definitely consider extension of imphal-pherzawl state bus service up to parbung if the road condition permits.
stating that pawan hans is ready to operate helicopter service to any place of the state where there is proper helipad, the chief minister said the private company may begin service for the district as well if required.
stating that infrastructure development is currently under way at pherzawl district headquarters, biren singh said when time would come the primary health sub-centre at pherzawl would be automatically upgraded to the status of a district hospital.
he also said the flying doctors project, which would be implemented with the funding from the north eastern council (nec) would immensely benefit the interior areas of the district.
regarding peoples wish for the declaration of sikpui ruoi festival as a restricted holiday, the biren singh said he would definitely look into it.
education minister th.
radheshyam said manipur is like a beautiful garden with different and colourful communities.
he said the state would be peaceful and gain abundance only when all these communities reside together with love and affection.
different cultural troupes participated in the festival.
gurumurthy, gadkari new delhi, nov.
14: rashtriya swayamsevak sangh adviser s. gurumurthy today wrote to nitingadkari gadkari, saying he had found no evidence of wrongdoing by the bjp chief legally or morally in the purti matter.
the clarification came a day after the chennai-based chartered accountants serial flip-flops on the bjp leader, whose purti group of companies have come under media glare for alleged financial irregularities.
gurumurthy, who had earlier exonerated gadkari following a hush-hush probe, said in the letter he had clearly told members of the bjp core committee last week that he had not found evidence of wrong-doing while investigating documents related to the purti group.
i had professionally examined the purti papers and expressed my professional views.
but i saw sections of (the) media giving political colour to my professional views, he said.
yesterday, gurumurthy had virtually disowned gadkari and then defended him in a span of four hours, the flip-flops coming on twitter.
he claimed he did not know gadkari well at all, had not given him a clean chit and that it hardly mattered to him whether the bjp chief continued to head the party or not.
he also claimed a businessman (like gadkari) should not helm a political party.
he later deleted his initial tweets and said he had given gadkari a clear chit.
in his missive, gurumurthy urged gadkari to share his explanation with the core committee members, included arun jaitley and sushma swaraj.
he also requested the bjp chief to release the letter to the media, which he did.
bjp sources said gurumurthy had been told off by rss leaders, who felt he had over-projected their hand in the probe he conducted into gadkaris financial dealings.
phrases like rss ideologue, sangh-inspired and such like were resented by the leaders, a bjp source said.
although there was no official explanation from the bjp on what caused gurumurthys flip-flops, sources claimed he was new to twitter and had tripped over while commenting on his articles on gadkari.
new delhi, june 6: the aam aadmi party (aap) today had double-trouble on its hands, with chief arvind kejriwal put on trial in a defamation case and a confidant accusing a senior colleague of maligning the party boss.
the twin incidents increased the problems for the embattled aap at a time it is trying to bounce back from its indifferent showing in the lok sabha polls that followed a dream debut in last years delhi elections.
former delhi minister manish sisodia hit out at party ideologue yogendra yadav in a letter that was leaked to the media, the war among the top leaders coming on a day magistrate gomati manocha framed charges against kejriwal in the defamation case filed by bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari and put the aap chief on trial after he rejected the judges suggestion to resolve the matter amicably.
kejriwal faces up to two years in jail if found guilty.
kejriwal refused to withdraw his alleged defamatory remarks against gadkari, whom he had dubbed corrupt.
magistrate manocha said the aap leaders trial would begin on august 2 and accepted his plea for exemption from personal appearance.
the judge had twice sent kejriwal to jail last month after he refused to furnish a bail bond.
in his letter, sisodia accused yadav of targeting kejriwal, bringing party feuds before the media and wrongly advising the aap boss to contest the lok sabha polls instead of focusing on delhi.
arvind was against fighting the lok sabha polls.
he just wanted to concentrate on the politics in delhi.
but it was you (yadav) and a few other members who wanted to fight (the general election).
the result is now in front of us, sisodia wrote.
the claims came amid murmurs in the aap against the decision to contest the polls without adequate preparation and a refrain that kejriwals move to fight against narendra modi from varanasi was a big mistake.
aap leaders said the election strategy had cost the party dear in delhi, where it failed to win a single of the seven lok sabha seats and fears a defeat in the assembly polls too.
sisodias letter was in response to an email from yadav to aap leaders in which he had remarked that arvind is turning into a personality cult that can damage an organisation and the leader himself.
he had also accused kejriwal of not listening to the political affairs committee of the party, the aaps top panel.
your broad allegations are that arvind kejriwal does not listen to the suggestions of the political affairs committee.
i am surprised by reading your email because till the time arvind agreed with you, he was democratic, sisodia said in his letter.
yadav has already resigned from the political affairs committee, taking moral responsibility for the partys poor performance in haryana, a state that was under his charge and included gurgaon from where he lost himself.
the sisodia-yadav face-off follows the exit of leaders who were seen as public faces of the aap, such as shazia ilmi who quit after the election results last month alleging lack of internal democracy in the party.
many in the aap are now worried that the open war between sisodia and yadav could lead to more such convulsions in the future as there is considerable anger in the rank and file over the debacle in the lok sabha polls.
a three-day meeting of the aap national executive started today and is likely to be stormy with more leaders likely to blame each other.
sisodia, however, sought to underplay the apparent rancour and claimed his letter was part of the inner party discussions.
it was part of the discussions.
these things happen in a party and everything will be sorted out, sisodia tweeted.
yadav refused comment.
dev rajhealthy deal: union minister nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister nitish kumar at the review meeting in patna on monday.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: the state government and national highways authority of india (nhai) have signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) to deploy ambulances and cranes every 50km on national highways (nh) in the state in view of road accidents and crashes.
the mou was signed in the presence of union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari and chief minister nitish kumar on monday.
gadkari had flown down to patna to attend two back-to-back meetings that lasted for around six hours.
officials at the meeting said the mou will help ensure quick medical response and save lives of people injured on the highways.
the cranes will not only clear the route fast, but also help extricate people if trapped inside a vehicle.
the alignment of patna ring road project has been agreed upon.
gadkari and nitish had detailed discussion on various projects that form a part of prime minister narendra modi's special package of rs 1.
65 lakh crore for bihar, announced in 2015 in the run-up to assembly polls.
around rs 55,000 crore of the package is to be spent on roads and bridges.
several of these projects have got stuck due to slow pace of land acquisition, disbursement of compensation and other issues.
the state government has expedited land acquisition.
land has been acquired in 250 villages.
there are 68 projects worth rs 55,000 crore related to roads and bridges in the prime minister's package for bihar.
of these, work on 36 projects, worth rs 22,000 crore, has started.
there is no need for any barrage in the varanasi-haldia stretch as we will be able to maintain a 3m draft in the ganga.
it is difficult between varanasi and allahabad, still we are trying.
the union minister said iit madras and the national environmental engineering research institute (neeri) have been roped-in for suggestions and assessment with regard to the development of waterways.
flanked by the chief minister, gadkari, who also happens to be the central minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, said that the work on namani gange was swiftly progressing while keeping in mind the economy, ecology and environment.
cleaning the ganga is a very challenging task.
there are 99 projects in namami gange of which 87 have been started.
dpr is being made in several of them.
work on tributaries of the ganga, including yamuna is also going on.
we should understand that 70 per cent pollution in the ganga is due to 10 cities only of which kanpur is at the top, gadkari added.
iit madras and iit kharagpur have been involved in namami gange.
the union minister asserted that ganga will be 80 per cent clean by 2019 and the central government has taken the entire project as a challenge, allocating rs 22,000 crore for it.
around 4500 villages along the holy river makes the task more challenging.
nitin gadkari agartala, july 16: union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari has assured two lok sabha mps from tripura of a strong initiative to upgrade national highway 44 and 44 (a).
he told the mps  jiten chowdhury and sankar prasad dutta  that the construction of a second highway between kukithal in kailasahar subdivision in north tripura and sabroom subdivision in south tripura via teliamura would be launched.
the tripura mps met gadkari on monday and apprised him of the tenuous road transport system within the state and its fragile link by road with the rest of the country.
a memorandum was submitted by the two mps to gadkari highlighting the problems.
they focussed on the critical condition of the 20km stretch of national highway 44 between churaibari in north tripura and loarpura in karimganj district of assam, which has become practically unusable during monsoon resulting in heavy traffic congestion.
on paper, the total length of national highway 44 and 44 (a) is 331km between sabroom in south tripura and churaibari in north tripura but only 84km of the crucial highway is double lane.
the rest is single lane which requires immediate upgrade, the memorandum said.
it added that in 2005 the then prime minister manmohan singh during his visit to the state had said a second highway would be constructed linking the state with the rest of the country through meghalaya, assam and north bengal.
there is no indication that the metre gauge railway track between agartala, silchar and sabroom will be upgraded to broad gauge simultaneously despite our demands but the suspension of railway service will create tremendous problems of transport in tripura, the mps told gadkari.
the minister advised the duo to take up with the ministry of railways the issue of simultaneous gauge conversion to and from tripura.
they also pointed out that the ministry of road transport and highways had to broaden the highway by 1.
50 metres and the state had taken an initiative in this regard.
more than 67 per cent of the land required for the extension has already been acquired though the remaining part is within the reserve forest area and for acquisition in this area we need the permission of the union ministry of forest and environment, the mps pointed out.
gadkari accepted the demand for a second highway between kukithal and sabroom and said funds would not be a constraint for the work.
our special correspondentranchi: five cities of jharkhand - ranchi, jamshedpur, dhanbad, bokaro and deoghar - may soon have prefectures or first-level administrative units modelled on the ones existing in japan.
urban development department principal secretary arun kumar singh and industry department secretary sunil barnwal, who also happens to be the chief minister's secretary, on monday held a meeting with senior executives of the japan council of local authorities for international relations (clair), an organisation affiliated to the japanese government, and japan external trade organisation (jetro) in delhi to work out modalities to introduce japanese prefectures in five jharkhand cities.
based on an earlier report prepared by ernst & young, the jharkhand government shortlisted prefectures of tokyo, aichi, osaka, kanagawa, shizuoka, saitama and hyogo in japan and proposed to link these with ranchi, jamshedpur, dhanbad, bokaro and deoghar in jharkhand.
technology transfer, smart municipal governance, industrial growth, cultural exchange, tourism promotion and cyber security are among the key focus areas.
chairman of board of directors of clair tamotsu okamoto promised the jharkhand delegation all possible help to help materialise the associations at the earliest.
he asked the senior state bureaucrats to specify the areas of interest in each city so that prefectures could be identified on the basis of mutual interests.
we will send our report soon and also ink an moa to set up a sister city association, said barnwal.
cm meets delhi duochief minister raghubar das called on union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari and his environment and forests counterpart harsh vardhan in delhi on monday.
with gadkari, das discussed ongoing projects, including ranchi-tata highway and ring road in ranchi, and asked for more funds to finish them.
with vardhan, he spoke on compensatory afforestation.
chief secretary rajbala verma and other officials were with das.
rahul gandhu new delhi, feb.
6: rahul gandhi today asked party spokespersons to avoid personal attacks on rivals although most leaders called for a higher degree of aggression to counter what they described as the bjps lies.
rahul didnt disagree with the suggestion but insisted it was wrong to make personal attacks.
the congress vice-president, who has never used abusive expressions to target political rivals, however, thanked the spokespersons for doing a good job in the face of false propaganda.
rahul had called a meeting of party spokespersons and television panellists to discuss ways to strengthen the communication system.
his comments came in the context of party leader bhalchandra mungekars disapproval of mani shankar aiyars chaiwala jibe at narendra modi.
rahul didnt name aiyar but agreed with mungekar, who said: do not denigrate chaiwala.
such comments are unnecessary and they may derail the debate.
at a recent aicc session, aiyar had said modi could sell tea at the venue, alluding to the bjp mascots self-proclaimed humble origins.
the gujarat leader once worked as a tea-stall boy and the bjp has been using this chaiwala metaphor to connect with the underprivileged.
most congress leaders agreed the party should avoid personal insinuations but said modis expressions and lies needed to be countered.
general secretary shakeel ahmed pitched for an aggressive approach, saying modi often used lies and half-truths to denigrate leaders and should not be allowed to go unchallenged, a participant told the telegraph.
he also said the bjps hypocritical stand on corruption despite the disgrace on two party presidents should be forcefully confronted.
the allusion was to bangaru laxman, who was secretly photographed accepting money from undercover reporters posing as representatives of an arms dealer, and nitingadkari gadkari, who faced allegations of controversial financial dealings.
ahmed also responded to modis attempt to hail some bengali celebrities, tweeting that the people of bengal would never forgive the bjp for insulting amartya sen.
the bjp had attacked the economist for saying that he didnt want modi as prime minister.
ahmed also said modi shed tears for pranab mukherjee in calcutta yesterday, forgetting that his party had opposed him in the presidential election.
rahul pointed to the tendency of senior leaders to speak out of turn, a day after sonia gandhi had to issue a statement to correct the impression created by another general secretary on caste reservations.
rahul said senior leaders and spokespersons shouldnt express different views, at least on the basics.
senior leader ghulam nabi azad underlined the need to focus on the regional media to reach out to people living in villages and small towns.
congress workers take part in a roadshow while campaigning for subodh kant sahay at shradhanand road in ranchi on saturday.
(prashant mitra)the congresss subodh kant sahay stayed at home, bjps sanjay seth scheduled a press conference but did not go through with it while bjp rebel candidate ram tahal choudhary toured the outskirts of the capital on saturday, the last day of campaigning for jharkhands second phase of elections.
ranchi, along with hazaribagh, khunti (st) and koderma, will vote on may 6.
bikers sporting various party colours drove through the city in the morning, while others walked with flags announcing their allegiance in a last-ditch attempt to woo voters.
congresss ranchi candidate subodh kant sahay, who is representing the opposition gathbandhan, spent the day at his home in sector iii of hec township and discussed booth management strategy with his party workers.
i will win as the people of ranchi have decided to make me their voice in parliament.
my nearest rival will be bjp.
a victory for the congress is important as the social fabric of the nation is being destroyed, he said.
sahays main rival, the bjps sanjay seth, announced a press conference but did not show up.
instead, two former bjp spokespersons pradeep sinha and prem mittal, and joint media in-charge sanjay jaiswal addressed the newspersons at 4.
30pm.
we are confident about victory not only in ranchi but in other constituencies as well, said sinha.
prime minister narendra modi is coming to tata college in chaibasa on may 6 and to dumka on may 15.
party president amit shah is coming to dhanbad and jamshedpur on may 8, while union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari are reaching on may 7, sinha said.
students of dr shyama prasad mukherjee university wear modi masks in morabadi.
(prashant mitra)sitting mp and former bjp leader ram tahal choudhary, who is contesting from ranchi as an independent, toured several rural localities of namkum, including jorar, sarbal, saparom, devgain, kochambo and hahap, which he had developed as a model village.
in 2014, as a bjp candidate, i had the defeated the congress nominee by over two lakh votes.
this time, as an independent, i am sure of a victory, but dont know about my victory margin.
my nearest rival will be congress again, he said after being presented with a turban at doranda by a group of muslim residents.
bjp leader jaiswal was, however, dismissive of the ram tahal challenge.
he wont more than 30,000 votes.
he is not a big challenge for us.
poll numbersas poll campaign ended, ranchi dc rai mahimapat ray and ssp anish gupta held a joint news meet on saturday on the scale of the elections.
as many as 19,10,955 voters (9,98, 392 male, 9,12,510 female and 53 others) are expected to vote at 2,376 polling booths.
the constituency has been divided into 51 zones and 285 sectors, with zonal and sectoral magistrates being deputed for each.
there are 403 micro-observers, the dc said, adding webcast would be done from 253 booths and each evm would have gprs.
ssp gupta said they had made strong security arrangements for booths and strongroom at pandra market.
for smooth passage of vehicles carrying evm from booths to the strongroom, heavy vehicles have been restricted from piska more to tilta chowk.
congress president rahul gandhi has asked party leaders to scale up the campaign and spread the word across the country that the government wasnt answering specific questions on pricing and procedures.
telegraph file picturethe congress has dismissed defence minister nirmala sitharamans justification of the purchase of 36 rafale fighter jets as lies to protect prime minister narendra modi and instructed the party machinery to intensify its agitation across the country.
top congress sources told the telegraph that the government was mistaken if it expected a closure of the rafale controversy with the parliamentary debate as the defence minister had not answered specific questions and tried to hide behind a smokescreen of emotional rhetoric woven around national security and personal honour.
questions remain unanswered and rafale will definitely dominate the political discourse in the parliamentary elections, a congress general secretary said.
congress president rahul gandhi has asked party leaders to scale up the campaign and spread the word across the country that the government wasnt answering specific questions on pricing and procedures.
while rahul is expected to spell out his course of action at a rally in jaipur on january 9, his tweet on saturday morning indicated his plans: rm (raksha mantri) spoke for 2 hours in parliament, but she couldnt answer the 2 simple questions i asked her.
watch & share this video.
let every indian ask the pm & his ministers these questions.
the video showed rahul asking the two questions, labelling them as question 1 and question 2, and each followed by flashes of a solemn sitharaman sitting in silence and sipping water as response.
the congress chiefs two questions were: who gave anil ambani the offset contract?
did the defence ministry object to the new deal?
the congress also ran a social media campaign with the hashtag 2sawaldojawab and asked all its senior leaders to tweet the two questions.
tweets started flowing as senior leaders p. chidambaram, ahmed patel, ashok gehlot, kamal nath, bhupesh baghel, anand sharma, siddaramaiah, randeep surjewala, sachin pilot, abhishek manu singhvi and shashi tharoor joined the younger brigade in spreading the message.
party spokesperson pawan khera later told a media conference: new excuses, new lies were offered daily to hide the truth.
now the government wants to hide behind national security.
this wont be allowed.
he took a dig at sitharamans prediction that the rafale deal would bring modi back to power and her assertion that bofors sank the congress.
in bofors, the court gave a clean chit to the congress.
in rafale, will the people reward modi for preventing an investigation, filing a wrong affidavit and misleading the supreme court, hiding facts, not answering specific queries?
i dont see how they will come out of this vortex, khera said.
he added: the country has seen how ministers are lying daily to protect the prime minister.
initially they said ambani was given the offset contract because he had land.
hindustan aeronautics ltd (hal) also had land.
hal had decades of experience in making aircraft.
what special qualification anil ambani has that won him the contract?
we know that but the defence minister should have answered that question.
congress leaders pointed out three specific lies that sitharaman allegedly uttered in the lok sabha on friday.
one, there was no agreement with hal; two, the government doesnt know of the offset partners chosen by (rafale-maker) dassault aviation; and three, the cost negotiated by the upa was of the basic aircraft, without weapons and associated systems.
congress communications chief surjewala tweeted: sitharaman, like a good disciple, has learnt the art of spin-doctoring from jaitlie (former defence minister arun jaitley).
request for proposal-2007 confirms that congress-upa government was buying a fully loaded aircraft with avionics, weapons & india-specific enhancements.
surjewala made public a copy of the proposal to buttress his claim.
on the deal with hal, surjewala tweeted: the defence minister must know that even the modi governments foreign secretary knew about the ongoing negotiations with dassault aviation and hal.
48 hours before modi signed the deal in france on april 10, 2015; his foreign secretary confirmed the same.
then why did he backstab hal?
he shared a tweet from the official handle of dassault aviation, uploaded on march 13, 2014, confirming the work-share agreement with hal.
on the choice of ambanis firm as the offset partner, the congress recalled the visit of french defence minister florence parly on october 27-28, 2017, when she met both modi and sitharaman in delhi.
on october 28, 2017, parly, dassault chairman eric trappier, surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis were present at the foundation-laying ceremony of the joint venture with reliance defence at nagpur.
the congress also referred to reports suggesting that hal had borrowed rs 1,000 crore to pay salary to its staff and wondered why the company was facing such a crisis considering sitharamans claim that the government had awarded it projects worth rs 1 lakh crore.
veteran leader ahmed patel tweeted: hal is borrowing rs 1000 cr because it cant even pay salaries?
not just hal; be it ongc, lic, hpcl, gspc or any other psu, this government has squandered their assets to favour a select few.
that the rafale fight is destined to get more bitter was manifested in the decision of the goa congress to write to president ram nath kovind seeking enhanced security for chief minister and former defence minister manohar parrikar.
there may be attempts on his life to obtain files from those who want that details of rafale deal should not come in public domain as corruption in the deal will be proved, the letter said.
the congress has circulated an audio recording where a purported goa government minister claims that documents related to the rafale deal were in parrikars bedroom.
patna, april 20: the bjp today scrambled to contain the damage done by its bihar leader giriraj singhs back narendra modi or go to pakistan remark, but he was unfazed and stuck to his stand.
distancing the party from the controversial remark, its president rajnath singh said the bjp believed in the politics of justice and humanity and taking everybody along.
spokesperson nirmala seetharaman too issued a statement from new delhi saying the bjp had nothing to do with girirajs words.
bihar leaders, including sushil modi, slammed his statements as irresponsible.
giriraj had said in jharkhands godda on friday that those opposing modi would have to go to pakistan after the election, giving rivals a handle to suggest the comments were directed at the minorities.
the congress and the janata dal (u) have urged the election commission to take criminal action against him.
jharkhand police have filed an fir against giriraj on orders from deoghar sdm jay jyoti samanta.
former bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari, who shared the rally dais with giriraj, has also been named.
giriraj, who is contesting from nawada, however, said in patna: i stand by my statement that those trying their best to stop modi from coming to power have no place in india and should go to pakistan .
in democracy, everybody can oppose but nobody has a right to act against national interest and appear to be speaking the language of a foreign country which has been known to act against our country.
rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot on thursday hoped that more bjp leaders would follow union minister nitingadkari gadkaris example and summon the courage to speak the truth about the narendra modi-amit shah duopoly.
when the government is on the verge of exit, the truth lying dormant in hearts comes to the lips, gehlot tweeted in hindi.
not only gadkari, it must have pricked the conscience of many other (bjp) leaders.
they would be thinking of speaking the truth in the bjps interest.
he added: they can show courage like gadkari and place the truth before the nation -- what is happening inside their party, how much internal democracy is left.
.
.
how the pmo bureaucracy is all-important, how ministers have been insulted.
two people are ruling the country: narendra modi and amit shah.
these two have dragged the country to the path of destruction.
but several of his recent comments have been construed as subtle criticism of modis failure to keep poll promises and shahs inability to lead the party to victories in the latest round of state elections.
he has argued that team leaders should take responsibility for failures and defeats, and observed that people tend to teach a lesson to leaders who make false promises.
he has also described tolerance as indias biggest asset.
gadkari is widely seen as a potential consensus candidate for prime minister, heading a coalition government, if the bjp fails to win a majority but emerges as the largest party after next years general election.
gehlot said the modi government would be remembered for its jumlas (gimmicks or hyperbole) alone.
there is an atmosphere of insensitivity, hatred and violence all around.
the income-tax department, ed (enforcement directorate) and other agencies are being misused, he said.
computer, whatsapp, social media are all under surveillance.
.
.
.
the whole country is frightened.
till recent years, it was unusual for a chief minister to launch such a frontal attack on the prime minister other than during election campaigns.
it was modi who, as gujarat chief minister, may have set the precedent through his biting comments on then prime minister manmohan singh.
modi had gone to the length of attacking singh on independence day in 2013 to try and establish himself as his main challenger.
the trend has continued, with andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu excoriating modi after quitting the nda, calling him a fake and hollow politician who had wilfully misled the nation.
gehlot, who held a key position in rahul gandhis core team as general secretary in charge of the congress organisation, also referred to the miserable plight of the youth and farmers.
the farmers are distressed, committing suicide.
they are unable to handle debt and their crop is not fetching adequate prices.
the youth are not getting jobs.
the prime minister talks about doubling the farmers income in 2022 though he has the mandate only till 2019, he said.
this is not a healthy tradition.
people have realised that these leaders are good at making lofty, false claims and they will be remembered for that.
bhagwat at the conference in new delhi on thursday.
(afp) new delhi, aug.
9: rss sarsanghchalak mohanrao bhagwat has placed bihar ahead of gujarat as a model for good governance, in what appeared to be a tactical move.
asked during an interaction with the foreign media in delhi why he had given precedence to nitish kumars bihar over narendra modis gujarat, sources present quoted bhagwat as saying: people say this about bihar all the time, so my individual opinion shouldnt count.
the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh chief did not elaborate.
bhagwat then put the bjp-ruled states of chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh on the good governance list and added that parts of maharashtra were also looked after well.
in june this year, bhagwat had defended the gujarat chief minister, albeit obliquely, after his bihar counterpart had rejected modi as a prospective candidate for prime minister because of his anti-secular baggage.
nitish had also insisted that the nda declare a prime ministerial candidate before the 2014 elections.
read together, his assertions implied that the bjp could not consider modi as a probable prime minister.
once bhagwat wondered aloud at a closed-door meeting of swayamsevaks at a training camp in maharashtra why a hindutwadi could not become prime minister, the bjp picked up the cue, ended its reticence and backed the gujarat leader in the face-off with nitish.
the bjp-nitish equation hit a rough patch thereafter, and sources in both sides thought the alliance, that runs the bihar government, would unravel in a matter of time.
especially after the janata dal (united) split ranks from the nda to back pranab mukherjee in the presidential election.
however, back-room negotiators on both sides started to salvage the alliance once the bjp and the dal (united) figured out that it might not help either to fight solo, at least not in the foreseeable future.
nitish helped matters by announcing support for jaswant singh in the election for vice-president, notwithstanding the fact that he had batted for hamid ansari as a presidential candidate.
bjp chief nitingadkari gadkari reciprocated the gesture by assuring him over dinner that the nda would elect its prime ministerial candidate as a coalition and his party would not do anything unilaterally.
sources said bhagwat, on his part, did not wish to utter anything that could vitiate the bjp-dal (united) relations again.
the sangh too has realised that if the bjp has to enhance its individual tally (in 2014), a good showing in bihar is a must and that is achievable only if the alliance with nitish stays, a bjp source said.
had bhagwat, even mistakenly, ranked gujarat as number one and bihar second, the medias spins might have unsettled equations in the nda, the sources said.
the bjps keenness to humour nitish was reflected in the responses of its spokesperson shahnawaz hussain today.
speaking to the media in patna, hussain clarified that as one of the ndas top leaders and as the head of the bihar coalition government, nitishs opinion on who the coalitions prime minister would be will hold much significance.
on wednesday, in patna, nitish had said he would back another bjp leader (other than modi) for the countrys top post.
i will disclose my cards at the appropriate time and forum, he told the media.
bhagwats interaction with the foreign media was the first such by an rss chief.
it is learnt that bhagwats media advisers had proposed he would like to meet non-indian journalists.
bjp president amit shah, considered the second most powerful person in the country after prime minister narendra modi, pays tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel, before filing his nomination papers in ahmedabad on saturday.
apbjp president amit shah gathered senior party and alliance leaders around him in a show of strength before filing his nomination from gandhinagar on saturday, appearing to position himself not just as prime minister narendra modis second-in-command but also as his successor.
leaders of allies shiv sena, shiromani akali dal and the lok janshakti party and senior bjp ministers such as rajnath singh, arun jaitley and nitingadkari gadkari flanked shah on the dais as he addressed a rally before holding a road show and filing his papers.
among the allies were uddhav thackeray, parkash singh badal and ram vilas paswan, although bihar chief minister nitish kumar was absent.
thackeray, the sena chief, accompanied shah even to the collectors office where the bjp president filed his nomination, replacing the veteran l.k. advani as party candidate from the constituency.
advani, 92, was not present.
shahs glittering support cast far outstripped that of modi when he filed his nomination from varanasi in 2014, accompanied by a single member from ally apna dal.
amitbhai will uphold the legacy of the partys senior leader, l.k. advani, home minister and the official number two in the modi government, rajnath, told the rally.
bjp insiders believe that if shah  seen as the most powerful leader after the prime minister over the past five years  wins from gandhinagar and modi returns to power, he might replace rajnath as the next home minister.
advani too was home minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government as well as deputy prime minister  a designation party leaders in delhi are not ruling out for shah if the bjp wins the election.
that shah, a rajya sabha member from gujarat, should contest the lok sabha polls is being seen as the sign of a succession plan.
the bjp had recently decided to replace advani, who had represented gandhinagar for an uninterrupted five terms since 1998 and once before in 1991.
several other seniors too have been denied party nominations.
shah told the rally that he felt blessed to contest a seat represented by vajpayee (briefly in 1996) and advani.
he recalled his journey from a booth-level worker in gandhinagar to party president and now a candidate from the seat, saying such a rise could happen only in the bjp.
expectedly, he showered praise on modi and reiterated the national security plank.
people from himachal pradesh to kanyakumari and from kamrup to gandhinagar chant modi, modi when asked who should lead the country, shah claimed.
only prime minister narendra modi, the bjp and the nda government can provide security to the country.
thackeray, whose party spent most of the last five years baiting and blasting the bjp, said the allies had sat together and resolved all their disagreements.
hindutva is our breath.
how will we live without hindutva?
he said, stressing that the alliance with the bjp was built on firm ideological ground.
gadkari tweeted on the move to stop water-sharing a week after the pulwama attack.
the tweet said: under the leadership of hon'ble pm sri @narendramodi ji, our govt.
has decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir and punjab.
gadkari, who is in charge of road transport and highways, shipping and water resources and river development & ganga rejuvenation, in a second tweet tried to explain details of some projects.
the construction of dam has started at shahpur- kandi on ravi river.
moreover, ujh project will store our share of water for use in j&k and the balance water will flow from 2nd ravi-beas link to provide water to other basin states.
under the leadership of hon'ble pm sri @narendramodi ji, our govt.
has decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir and punjab.
nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) february 21, 2019the mention of stopping water to pakistan has come exactly a week after a jaish-e-mohammad car-bomb suicide attack killed 40 crpf jawans in pulwama.
the indian government has blamed pakistan for the attack.
islamabad has denied any hand in it.
since then, prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah have spoken of revenge.
on the other side, pakistan prime minister imran khan has warned that if india attacks pakistan, it will retaliate.
the election results will be out after a week.
whats your assessment about the state?
(a long pause) .
.
.
.
.
you will be astonished to find the biju janata dals strength coming down to 44 in the 147-member assembly.
(now, the bjd has 108 seats).
the maximum that the bjd can expect this time could vary between 55 and 60.
the congresss strength will go up to 45 to 50.
the bjp will add a number of seats to its kitty and its strength can reach 25.
(now, it has only six seats) what is the basis of your assessment?
the bjd is hopeful that it will cross the 100 mark again this time.
dont record the conversation (he sees a mobile phone recording the interview.
when one mobile was switched off, he noticed the other mobile and smiled) .
.
.
.
ok, keep it on.
my telephones are tapped.
.
.
all my movements are being closely monitored.
.
.
.
yes, my basis of assessment is that i have made a constituency-wise analysis keeping all the factors in mind, including local circumstances, candidates, their strengths and weaknesses.
in 2004 and 2009, i had made the analysis and had proved psephologists wrong (by being accurate).
you are making analysis for other parties but can you tell us how many seats your odisha jana morcha will win this time?
if we get more than one seat, it will be by gods grace.
naveen patnaik did not even allow us to campaign.
the bjd created all sorts of problems for us.
they even threatened all, including our sympathisers, not to fund the party.
i was unable to pay a single penny to nearly 75 per cent of our candidates.
our limited money has no match for their money power.
our candidates had to sell their properties to contest the elections.
after you were expelled from the bjd, you claimed to have had two brahamastras (ultimate weapons) against naveen.
the elections are over, but people are yet to see the brahmastras.
(laughs) if you are unable to identify the brahamastras, what can i do?
these brahamastras have already been released and are related to coal, money circulation deposits and mining scam.
the coal scams are related to sainik firm, jindal and the birla group.
the other two weapons are related to deposit collection companies and mining scams.
justice m.b. shah commission has already conducted its probe and recommended a cbi probe.
one of these last two is my handiwork.
the cbi has interrogated the chief minister on these issues during his delhi trip (between april 23 and may 4).
now you are dropping another bombshell and trying to mislead people again on the issue by saying that cbi has already interrogated the chief minister.
no.
i am not.
you should try and find out whether i am telling a lie or there is truth in it.
the elections are over in odisha.
now can you tell us why did the grand alliance mooted by you with the bjp and other smaller parties failed to take off?
that chapter is closed.
i had talked of a grand alliance with a purpose.
but the bjp and the congress failed to understand the importance of an alliance.
both of them remained under the illusion that both the parties, on their own strengths, would be able to split the vote and would form the next government in the state.
in case of the bjp, i had tried a lot.
but, it did not work out.
the bjp leadership did not want to antagonise naveen patnaik before the polls.
in case the bjp fails to reach the 272 figure in the lok sabha, they will need the support of naveen.
keeping this in mind, they perhaps refrained from making any such alliance against the bjd.
the bjp state leadership has accused you of being too arrogant because you were not prepared to discuss the issue of alliance with them (the local leaders)?
the bjp national leaders including former national president nitingadkari gadkari and the present president rajnath singh had talked to me first on this issue.
i had never approached them.
i just wanted to know who i should talk to.
they should have asked someone to initiate the talk.
what is wrong in it?
will you be scared of naveen if he forms the government?
no.
he has been trying to arrest me on various charges.
attempts had even been made to frame charges against me accusing me of having maoist links.
the administration had even persuaded a maoist leader to label me as a maoist.
the government had used an odisha lok dal leader against me as well, but it did not work.
they put sangram mohanty behind bars only three days after his joining the ojm on ground of him supporting the maoists.
even his father dandadpani mohanty was put behind bars.
is naveen scared of you?
yes.
he is scared of me.
if he were not scared of me, he would not have been tapping my telephone calls.
he would not have deployed police around my house.
even he had asked investors, businessmen and others not to support me at any cost.
the people were asked not to support even my newspaper.
who will form the government at the centre?
bjp or congress-led upa?
the bjp will form the next government at the centre.
narendra modi is going to be the next prime minister.
in one of his meetings in surat in april, 2010, i told him personally that he was prime minister material.
it is almost two years since you led a coup against naveen.
how do you see it now?
how could it be possible to organise a coup in full public eye in a room?
a conspiracy was hatched against me.
all the inquiries, including a vigilance probe, did not find anything.
besides, how could a conspiracy be possible in the presence of 33 mlas who came to my house?
in fact, it was naveen who had organised the coup against me, as he always felt threatened.
in march, 2012, naveen and his two siblings decided in delhi to get rid of me.
in order to make this coup successful, they floated a theory that i had misappropriated rs 500 crore.
dont you feel you have been betrayed by a number of people who you once supported?
it was only naveen who betrayed me.
i was personally building him up.
had naveen backed me, the people who had left me would not have done so.
i dont want to make any comments on those who left me.
besides, people with whom you formed the ojm, have also left you.
a number of people joined the party sensing that i was sitting on an ocean of wealth and i have at least rs 500 crore with me.
even our party treasurer left after finding that there was nothing in the treasury (laughs).
i dont blame these people.
but there are people who are with me who believe in my ideology.
as you said, the ojm will not be able to gain much, where are you heading for now.
whats your future?
(pause) we will work hard to make the ojm so strong that we will be able to form the government in 2020.
we will chalk out our plan and work accordingly.
you have worked with biju babu and naveen babu.
what is the difference between the two?
biju babu was a workaholic.
he had a vision.
in 1961, he had talked of computers and asked teachers to put thrust on imparting knowledge on mathematics, science and english.
can you believe it?
but naveen, does not like taking about responsibility and work.
but we see how much he laboured this time.
(laughs aloud) well.
this time.
debraj debagartala: tripura bjp president biplab kumar deb and vice-president jishnu debbarma will be the new chief minister and deputy chief minister of the state respectively.
while deb is a first-time legislator, debbarma is yet to contest an election.
after the bjp legislature party unanimously elected deb as its leader, the bjp-indigenous people's front of tripura combine staked claim to form the government before governor tathagata roy at the raj bhavan on tuesday.
the swearing-in of deb and his council of ministers is likely to take place on friday.
the ceremony is likely to be attended by prime minister narendra modi.
the bjp-ipft combine won 43 of the 59 seats that went to the polls on february 18, unseating the 25-year old left government.
the results were declared on march 3.
polling was countermanded at charilam constituency after its left front candidate ramendra narayan debbarma died a week before election day.
polling for the seat will be held on monday.
union minister and senior leader nitingadkari gadkari and union minister for tribal affairs jual oram, who arrived here in the morning.
the minister for ganga rejuvenation (among several other portfolios) was speaking in the context of a dream plan that envisages tourists flying just 10cm above the water in an airboat over a clean and free-flowing ganga.
the telegraph file pictureunion minister nitingadkari gadkari has sprung a tantalising riddle on the bjp and the rest of the country in the run-up to the general election.
the minister for ganga rejuvenation (among several other portfolios) was speaking in the context of a dream plan that envisages tourists flying just 10cm above the water in an airboat over a clean and free-flowing ganga.
his statement fired imaginations within sections of the bjp, which began speculating whether the reference to tall promises and the summary justice awaiting defaulters carried a contemporary allusion.
the speculation gained traction probably because one of the oppositions charges against the narendra modi government is that the prime minister promised the moon but has delivered little.
achchhe din, the blockbuster slogan of 2014, has become the biggest butt of ridicule in the country.
gadkari, minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, made the comment to a reporters question after signing an agreement for sewage treatment in kanpur, aimed at cleaning the ganga.
its beyond imagination that someone will reach here (delhi) from gangotri in a boat (airboat).
but i am positive.
the technology we have brought from russia will enable an airboat to fly at a 10cm draft, he said.
it will have an automobile (land cruiser) engine and airplane wings would be fitted to it.
today im not promising anything but if we succeed, it will bring about a revolutionary change.
water transport will start.
we will build floating jetties, water will be clean, good ghats will be built, on both sides (of the river) will be trees, people will come and ganga will give them unforgettable happiness.
after acknowledging its a dream, gadkari delivered the knockout punch on sapne dikhane wale logon and pitai.
he, however, hoped that if the airboats trial runs between delhi and agra, and between varanasi and prayagraj (allahabad), on january 26 succeeded, it would start a new success story in the history of tourism.
apart from critics, many in the bjp too believe that the modi government has failed to fulfil the dreams it had conjured up in 2014.
the bjps recent defeats in three heartland states are being seen as a reflection of the growing discontent among the poor.
a feeling is growing among a large section of bjp leaders that the party might fail to repeat the spectacular performance of 2014.
some party leaders like home minister rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari are being seen as possible leadership candidates acceptable to alliance partners if the bjp fails to secure a majority on its own in 2019.
recently, a prominent farmer leader from maharashtra, gadkaris home state, wrote to the rss that the union minister should be allowed to lead the bjp to the 2019 lok sabha polls if the party hopes to return to power.
kishore tiwari, chairperson of the vasantrao naik sheti swavalamban mission (a state government outfit), told rss chief mohan bhagwat and general secretary suresh bhaiyyaji joshi in his letter that the bjps defeats in the three heartland states were the result of arrogant leaders.
he cited the demonetisation, gst and high fuel prices as the possible triggers.
after the contents of the letter became public, gadkari had denied he was in the race for the bjps prime ministerial candidate.
no there is no chance.
im happy where i am right now, he had said.
dev rajpatna: prime minister narendra modi's special package of rs 1.
65 lakh crore for bihar of which rs 55,000 crore was to be spent on roads and bridges, has got stuck in hurdles posed by sluggish land acquisition and disbursement of compensation, making the ministry of road transport and highways sit up and take notice.
with union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari coming to patna on january 29 to meet chief minister nitish kumar, the issues related to the stagnancy that have crept in the roads and bridges project envisaged under the pm's package will be at the centre of discussions between the two leaders.
modi announced the special package in the run-up to the assembly election in 2015, when he and bihar chief minister nitish kumar were poles apart.
two-and-a-half years have passed and most schemes, especially those pertaining to the national highways and bridges, are still in nascent stage, waiting to take off.
a review meeting held by the road construction department evaluated all these schemes to find out the reasons behind the delay and has sounded out the district magistrates concerned to expedite things with instructions that these issues will be a part of the discussions between nitish and nitin.
under the pm's package, the patna to koilwar section of national highway 30 is to be made into four lanes at a cost of rs 1,287 crore of which only rs 713 crore has been disbursed till now as compensation for land taken from the public.
there has been no disbursement after december 2016.
similarly, the special package scheme to convert koilwar-bhojpur sections of nh-30 and nh-84 at rs 263 crore has seen disbursement of only rs 88 crore till now as villagers are demanding higher compensation for residential and commercial plots and buildings.
the four-laning of the patna-gaya-dobhi section of nh-83 at rs 526 crore with loan assistance from japan international cooperation agency (jica) is also in the doldrums, as only rs 222 crore has been disbursed to landowners, who are demanding compensation at a higher rate.
the six-lane bridge across the ganga in mokama at rs 108 crore, the foundation of which modi laid during his visit to patna on october 14 last year, has seen disbursement of only rs 36 crore till now.
issues of similar nature plague almost all 84 national highway and bridge projects across the state, which are part of the special package.
national highways authority of india (nhai) also delayed projects by sitting on proposals the state government sent it for revision the estimates of various projects.
asked about the delay, road construction minister and senior bjp leader nand kishore yadav blamed his predecessor tejashwi prasad yadav, the younger son of rjd chief lalu prasad.
he (tejashwi) stalled all big projects, which were part of our prime minister's special package for bihar, on one pretext or the other.
the state government decides the alignment of roads and bridges made with central funds but even that was not done.
detailed project report of many schemes were not made during the period he was at the helm, nand kishore said.
he added that he fixed the alignment of the projects with the chief minister's consent after the nda government came to power in the state in july last year.
the previous road construction minister did not want these projects to take off because they would have added to our prime minister's popularity, nand kishore added.
nishant sinhapatna: chhapra will get india's longest double-decker flyover - spanning 4km - which will beat the 1.
8km santacruz-chembur link road in mumbai.
the construction of the chhapra flyover is expected to start this month in saran, around 62km northwest od patna.
the 4km flyover, which will be 5.
5m wide, will be built for rs 441 crore of which rs 240 crore will be borne by the centre.
the flyover work is to be be completed in three years.
the flyover will cross through at least six of the busiest and narrowest markets in saran town, saving commuting time.
the flyover, proposed to start from bhikhari thakur chowk, will cross gandhi chowk, mouna chowk, salempur, rajendra chowk, sri nandan path and bus stand before ending at the main road zila school, said an official in the state road construction department.
an estimated 2.
5 lakh vehicles ply on the narrow stretch every day, triggering frequent snarls, particularly at night when trucks and heavy vehicles enter the town.
the road construction department had sent the centre a proposal for the double decker flyover last year after union minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari hinted at it during his visit to chhapra in october 2016.
the bihar cabinet passed the proposal on september 13 last year, with chief minister nitish kumar giving the project his administrative approval.
the flyover's tender has been issued and the agency which will construct the flyover also selected.
the agency was earlier involved in constructing the vardhman institute of medical sciences at pawapuri in nalanda.
on why the double-decker flyover was coming up in chhapra, the road construction official said: the road in the town is very narrow and commuters going towards gopalganj and siwan always face traffic congestion.
this main road passes through the heart of town, but as it is not wide, it is difficult to provide a service lane.
so it was decided to build a double-decker flyover instead.
he also said many houses would have had to be demolished to make way for a single flyover.
since that was not feasible, the bihar government decided to go for a double-decker flyover.
people going from the patna side would take the lower deck and those from the other side will take the upper deck of the flyover.
the two-lane flyover will be constructed in engineering procurement construction mode where funds are provided by the government and the agency that takes up the work.
besides the double-decker flyover, a proposal for road overbridges for an estimated rs150 crore has also been sent to the centre.
the overbridges are proposed over level crossing no.
32 on chhapra-sonepur section, level crossing 7 at paterhi and level crossing 34 at shyam koria (on chhapra-mashrakh section), the official said.
with snow-capped peaks playing peekaboo at every turn of the road and average day temperatures veering around 10 degrees celsius, the heat of electioneering is hardly apparent at an altitude of 12,000ft.
but indias highest lok sabha constituency is gearing up for a critical battle on may 7.
sanam tashi is busy tilling his field with two hairy dzos that are a cross between a yak and a cow.
julley, he cries out a salutation in the local bodhi language to a stranger clicking his picture, adding in the same breath: jai hind.
the listeners startled expression prompts him to add with a toothy smile: aap bhi indian, hum bhi indian (you are indian, so am i).
marginalised in this remote corner of the country, the inhabitants are prone to underlining the obvious.
as he takes a breather from sowing wheat in the single-crop land, tashi is joined by two other farm hands.
everyone has forgotten us but modi will change that.
modi will give us ut (union territory status), the 72-year-old says as the others nod their assent.
vote for change; ut for ladakh, is the slogan the bjp hopes will turn its trump card.
it already has a strong candidate in thupstan chhewang, formerly an independent mp who is a champion of ladakhs longstanding demand for union territory status and is admired for his integrity.
he was an mp; he also was the hill council chief for years.
but look at his house --- he has not made money, tashi certifies.
flanked by pictures of narendra modi and chhewang, a hoarding bearing the ut slogan is a screaming presence on the wall of the bjp office at the busy main bazaar crossing in leh.
just back from a road show, chhewang, 67, looks confident but is not ready to relax.
it will be a tough contest, he says candidly.
the ladakh constituency has four assembly segments: leh, kargil, nubra and zanskar.
the last two being sparsely populated, it is buddhist-dominated leh and muslim-dominated kargil that play kingmakers between them.
this time, both the bjp and the congress have fielded a buddhist from leh.
but that hardly makes it a direct fight.
two independent candidates are likely to muscle into the electoral calculations.
divided cong but they are a bigger headache for congress candidate tsering samphel, whose party office is just three buildings away from chhewangs.
samphels candidature had put paid to months of lobbying by haji asghar karbalae, the chief executive councillor of the congress-run kargil autonomous hill development council.
the discontent in the congress ranks in kargil erupted with its district committee president ghulam raza quitting the party.
he is contesting as an independent with the support of karbalae, who is the face of the influential imam khomuni memorial trust.
the other player in the four-cornered fight is saza syed mohd kazim, backed by the islamia school kargil.
all muslim voters in kargil are attached to one or the other of these two socio-religious organisations, explains chhewang.
worsening matters for the congress, the national conference is backing kazim as well.
omar abdullahs party may be adjusting seats with the congress in some areas of the state but not in ladakh.
asked about the rebellion in the party, samphel admits that polarisation is deep.
i had met him (karbalae) and called on every organisation in kargil.
but  the 66-year-old stops, adding after a pause: it is unfortunate that the nc is not supporting me.
so, the one-term congress mla from the pre-militancy days who boasts of being a party member for 46 years is banking on home turf leh.
his mainstay is the local mla, rigzin jora, currently the urban development minister in omars government.
my colleagues have done excellent work, he says, talking of the mla as well as members of the ladakh autonomous hill development council.
our party has won 22 of the 26 seats in the hill council.
thats why his posters carry the poll plank: prosperity and development.
but which holds the bigger allure: prosperity or the tag of union territory?
better days things have indeed looked up in leh although few care to give any credit to the congress or the national conference.
earlier, we had power for barely two hours a day.
the alchi hydel project on the indus used to generate barely 5mw daily.
now its gone up to 15mw.
we have far fewer power cuts, says tour operator phuntsog dorjan.
theres hope in the air.
the two highways connecting ladakh to srinagar and manali are still closed but the ladakhis are subsisting on stored supplies.
earlier, we had nothing coming in for six months.
now the army provides 3kg of mixed vegetable packets per family, distributed weekly through cooperatives in the city, says driver nawang tobu.
tourists have already begun arriving, courtesy the morning flights.
and its a matter of days before the highways open.
the film 3 idiots, shot partly in ladakh, has done wonders in drawing domestic tourists.
this year business will be even better, dorjan sounds confident.
so, a vague promise of development is not enough.
well vote for whoever gives us ut status.
the money from the centre will come to us directly then, and well no longer be at the mercy of srinagar, says hotelier tsewang dorje.
his second concern is the opening of the route to manas sarovar in tibet.
pilgrims now need to trek for days through uttarakhand.
but in ladakh, we have motorable roads through the border at denchok, dorje says.
if the route is opened, our tourism season will get extended, the hotelier says.
all they need to do is build a bridge over the indus.
chhewang has his ear pressed to the ground.
access to manas sarovar and inclusion of the bodhi language in the eighth schedule of the constitution are the other issues he is highlighting.
but the priority is union territory status.
its an emotional issue for us, he says.
12-year battle the battle had begun in 2002 with the formation of the ladakh union territory forum.
all of us quit our respective parties and formed this organisation to fight together.
even jora (state minister from the congress) was with us then, recalls the bjp candidate.
chhewang, who was then the chief executive councillor of the hill council, became mp riding the forum wave in 2004.
the forum swept the hill council elections too.
but the congress launched a revival, luring away some of the forums key leaders.
some local people suspect foul play in the sudden switchovers.
the result was a crushing defeat for the forum in the hands of the congress in the 2010 hill council elections.
chhewang himself lost in the assembly elections.
he joined the bjp three years ago when rajnath singh, he says, promised to back the union territory demand during a visit here.
possibly sensing the mood, the congress in leh claimed at a rally in april that the union territory demand was part of their candidates manifesto.
but peoples democratic party leader mehbooba mufti picked up the issue, accusing the congress of playing divisive politics and arguing that such a move would dilute the states special status under article 370.
state congress president saifuddin soz publicly clarified that the demand was not in the partys manifesto but was a local demand.
that has forced samphel on the back foot.
a vote for brother about 110km from leh and near the chinese border, not far from pangong lake where kareena kapoor had chased aamir khan in 3 idiots, lies the hamlet of tangste where polling would take place at a height of 14,100ft.
here, an elderly konchok tharchin runs a ramshackle restaurant.
a medical worker, his is the door to knock on for the villagers.
as a congress campaign vehicle passes by, he says simply: i will vote for my brother.
he will be good for us.
the bjp candidate, though no relation of his, is the brother he is talking of.
the congress has been fooling the people of ladakh on this issue.
this time they have been exposed, says chhewang.
he says he is not worried about the two independent candidates.
kargil has about 80,500 voters, but their votes will get divided between the two independents.
so the strategy is to milk the leh vote bank of 79,000-odd.
the people seem to be aware of that.
buddhist religious organisations and the students of at least half-a-dozen schools held a long march on may 3, urging people to vote.
the leh motorcycle rental association has put up banners in the market area with the same plea.
former bjp president nitingadkari gadkari held a huge rally at the towns biggest venue, the leh polo ground, on sunday.
the bjp is sensing more than a fair chance in indias northernmost corner.
dev rajcareful look: deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi inspects his son's wedding venue at the bihar veterinary college ground on saturday.
picture by manoj kumarpatna: the simple marriage devoid of gifts, dowry, feast and any kind of band- baaja of deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi's elder son may not turn out as simple as he wanted it to be as the list of vips expected to attend is getting longer by the minute.
president ram nath kovind, vice-president venkaiah naidu and prime minister narendra modi are not attending the sunday wedding and have instead sent congratulatory messages to the bride and groom.
but the top political brass from the nda have confirmed their participation at the marriage to be held at the bihar veterinary college ground.
sushil's elder son utkarsh tathagat, who is an mba and works with a multi-national company, will tie the knot with yamini verma, a chartered accountant from calcutta.
at least a dozen-and-half union ministers, six chief ministers, two deputy chief ministers and three governors are flying down to attend it.
many of them will arrive on chartered flights.
around 18 union ministers, including home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, human resource development minister prakash javadekar, parliamentary affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and seven central ministers who are from bihar will attend the ceremony, said a close aide of sushil.
among chief ministers, raghubar das (jharkhand), raman singh (chhattisgarh), shivraj singh chouhan (madhya pradesh), trivendra singh rawat (uttarakhand) and manohar lal khattar (haryana) have already confirmed their participation, while vasundhara raje (rajasthan) is also expected to make an appearance.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar will be there.
deputy chief ministers keshav prasad maurya (uttar pradesh) and nirmal kumar singh (jammu and kashmir) are expected to attend the ceremony.
among the governors, ganga prasad (meghalaya), mridula sinha (goa) and ram naik (uttar pradesh) have confirmed they will attend the marriage ceremony.
a large number of mps, mlas, mlcs, party workers, traders, relatives, friends, bureaucrats, and people hailing from different walks of life will be present.
sushil modi ji wanted to keep the marriage simple and sent out just 2,500 invitations.
the marriage is still going to be conducted in a simple manner, but with so many top politicians coming, it is sure to become a glitzy event, said a politician close to the deputy chief minister.
the police and district administration are on their toes to make proper security arrangements for the large number of vips and lawmakers coming to town.
a three-layer security cordon will be thrown around the airport and the marriage venue, which is located close-by.
since most guests will return the same day, it won't prove to be too difficult a task.
farhana kalamuday narayan choudharygaya: jdu rebel and former speaker uday narayan choudhary said on wednesday that he foresees another parting of ways betwen the bjp and the jdu, and accused the bjp of queering the pitch for chief minister nitish kumar.
uday said it was a very uneasy partnership and the alliance of convenience was bound to crash, both on account of incompatibility caused by ideological divide and the bjp's narrow outlook.
the two parties were unlikely to contest the next lok sabha polls together, he said.
a situation is being created through orchestrated violence - communal clashes and bandh vandalism - to end the alliance and impose president's rule, uday said.
explaining the contradictory nature of the alliance in bihar, uday said that while the jdu's politics centred around disadvantaged groups, the bjp represented those who do not want underprivileged sections to progress.
crudely, whereas jdu politics can be put in the mandal category, bjp practises kamandal (religion-centric) politics and the two types suffer from inherent contradictions.
even power is not a strong glue to keep them together for long, uday said.
he accusing the bjp of gradually ending quota through category compartmentalisation (reserved category candidates denied general seats even if high in combined merit list) and dilutions like micro-rosters (individual departments and not university as a whole being regarded as a unit) for seat allocation.
he referred to a vacancy earlier advertised by the central university of south bihar in which only three of 20 non-teaching positions were allotted to sc/st/obc candidates, against their entitlement to at least nine seats.
the separation, uday said, would come ahead of lok sabha polls.
the bjp stands to lose in a straight fight.
though nitish split from lalu in july, a one-to-one meet between nitish and modi, or amit shah, has not taken place, uday said.
finance minister arun jaitley and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari are the main channels of communication.
jaitley is out of the scene for health reasons and gadkari doesn't count much in the bjp, uday said.
uday, who floated vanchit vikas morcha, an outfit to promote the interests of deprived sections a few months back, is convinced that mandal has returned to the centrestage of bihar politics.
dev rajpatna: chief minister nitish kumar inaugurated bihar's first mathematical modelling centre as a centre of excellence on saturday.
the centre, at the water resources building in anisabad, will forecast and assess floods.
conceptualised in the aftermath of the 2007 floods, the centre has been established with the help of the world bank.
the 2007 deluge had affected 2.
5 crore people in 22 districts and the kosi disaster of 2008 had ravaged madhepura, supaul, saharsa and a few other districts.
the mathematical modelling centre will have all the data from 2018 onwards, and also data of the last 10 years, which will help assess floods before they hit, nitish said, adding that the centre would help officials know places where river embankments are weak, places prone to extensive destruction, and expanse of inundation among others.
the centre will also provide information about river systems.
at first the kosi and bagmati rivers would be assessed, he added.
nitish said the ganga should also be studied.
we have data for the ganga, 25km upstream and downstream from bhagalpur.
assessment will be done on its basis to find how much silt deposit is happening in the river because of the farakka barrage, nitish added.
the central government has recently constituted a committee on incessant ganga.
i had a talk with union minister nitingadkari gadkari on inland waterway and told him that the flow of water will have to be improved for this.
various structures in ganga's upstream in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand have hampered its natural flow, nitish said.
bihar receives only 400 cubic metre per second (cumec) flow in the ganga at chausa in buxar, where it enters bihar, but has to give 1600 cumec at farakka in bengal.
lack of natural flow also leads to silt deposits.
the design of farakka barrage doesn't allow expulsion of all silt.
analysis needs to be done on the basis of data 140km upstream from farakka.
a physical modelling centre is being established at birpur in supaul district for studying rivers and floods, he added.
health issuesproblems of health minister pratap jena appear to be growing.
his latest worry is the increasing number of absentee doctors, especially in hospitals located in the far-off areas.
the health department has been struggling to locate the whereabouts of as many as 108 doctors who have gone missing after taking charge.
though the department has issued them show-cause notices, the chances of getting these doctors back to work seem remote.
sources said with the doctors staying away from hospitals and health centres in the states tribal-dominated areas, people were turning to quacks and witch doctors.
wedding flakpanchayati raj minister pradeep maharathy, who owns a mobile theatre (yatra) troupe, was in the news recently for the lavish wedding reception of his son.
while the venue was done up in the most extravagant fashion, the menu included choicest vegetarian and non-vegetarian delicacies.
while critics lashed out at what they called ostentatious display of wealth by the minister at a time when farmers were committing suicide in different parts of the state, his party colleagues not only attended the reception but also backed him to the hilt.
such occasions come but once in life.
whats wrong in spending a bit to make them memorable?
said a ruling bjd leader.
social meetingamong the guests at the wedding reception of panchayati raj minister pradeep maharathys son was former minister and bjd mla from athagarh ranendra pratap swain, aka raja, who uploaded some pictures taken on the occasion on his facebook with some witty comments.
while in one of the pictures raja, who enjoys excellent relations with maharathy, is seen with the newly-weds, another shows him sharing a sofa with director-general of police r.p. sharma.
i met the police dg shri rajendra sharma at senior bjd leader shri pradip maharathys son wedding reception.
this being a happy occasion, we didnt discuss about law and order, but about the desserts that he was having, wrote the mla.
overprotectiveformer minister and congress veteran suresh kumar routray is extremely protective of his son-in-law and pradesh congress committee president prasad harichandan so much so that it sometimes embarrasses the latter.
routray, who a little while ago had launched a verbal attack against the partys jeypore mla tara prasad bahinipati for criticising harichandan, has now turned his ire towards pradesh congress committee treasurer mohammad muquim, who is widely perceived to be a loyalist.
the provocation for routrays outburst against muquim was that he did not invite harichandan to a party programme he had organised in cuttack.
he was apparently not convinced by the explanation offered by muquim but this may end up embarrassing harichandan as muquim has always been close to him.
river bridge delaymuch to the chagrin of state bjp leaders, the partys rourkela mla dilip ray has once again expressed his displeasure at the delay in construction of the second bridge over the river brahmani on the outskirts of the town.
union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari had laid the foundation stone for the much-awaited bridge in july following a prolonged campaign by ray who continues to maintain that the project needed to be executed expeditiously as it was a promise made by prime minister narendra modi himself.
given this backdrop, his latest criticism has left state bjp leaders red-faced.
ashutosh mishrafootnoteprone to putting his foot in the mouth, agriculture minister damodar rout finds himself in the midst of a controversy again.
this time, his remarks about jayi rajguru, an acclaimed freedom fighter, have courted trouble with even puri king gajapati dibya singh deb disputing routs assessment of rajguru, who, the minister thinks, should not be treated as a freedom fighter.
while bjd leaders, who by now are familiar with routs habit of kicking up controversies, have refused to come to his rescue, some organisations have threatened to launch an agitation against him.
the minister, however, has stuck to his guns so far.
dev rajpatna: industrialists and entrepreneurs are waiting with bated breath for the union budget to reveal the sops for bihar.
they are expecting that the national democratic alliance (nda) government at the centre will rain special facilities, projects and funs on the state as the same alliance is in power here, that too after a long time.
the associations are hoping that the central government will keep in mind the low industrial development in bihar and would strive to address it through the budget that's going to be tabled in the lok sabha by union finance minister arun jaitley.
bihar chamber of commerce and industry (bcci) president p.k. agrawal said union minister for road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari has told chief minister nitish kumar that the centre will spend rs 2 lakh crore in bihar over the next five years for infrastructure development.
the fact is that bihar is a backward state.
though the issue of special status is closed, it can always be given a special package as a mark of generosity and the intention to develop the 10 per cent population of the country, which lives here, agrawal said.
agrawal added that industrialists and entrepreneurs expect the budget to give a good package to bihar that will focus on the development of infrastructure, industry and other sectors including agriculture.
better and bigger roads, communication, power, gas pipeline, airports, dry ports, giant industries that will bring employment boom, agriculture-based industries are the things that we want from the union budget this time, agrawal added.
bihar industries association (bia) president k.p.s. keshri is expecting that the union budget will be such that its focus would be on removing regional imbalance in the light of the fact that the whole of bihar is a backward state.
we hope that the budget will have provisions for an industrial development fund, which will take up the level of infrastructure in a state like bihar to a decent level in comparison to the national average keshri said.
mahto watches the live telecast of pm narendra modis main bhi chowkidar interaction at tulsi bhavan in bistupur, jamshedpur, on sunday.
(bhola prasad)bidyut baran mahto (56) has spent 90 per cent of his mpald funds after being elected to the lok sabha from jamshedpur.
this first-time mp has been at the forefront of the proposed dhalbhumgarh airport project and re-opening of several closed mines in the mosaboni-rakha-jadugora belt.
after chairing a meeting of district bjp yuva morcha at his bistupur o-road office last week, mahto spoke to the telegraph about his five-year tenure and unfinished agenda, before rushing off to rural patamda and bodam for campaigning.
excerpts:q: what has been the most satisfying achievement of your tenure?
bm: decks have been cleared for a modern airport at dhalbhumgarh in ghatshila.
that is undoubtedly the high-point.
ever since the formation of jharkhand in 2001, the region has been pining for air connectivity.
with direct flights between jamshedpur and calcutta uncertain owing to concerns over sonari airport, there was a feeling of despair among all.
i had been pursuing the issue with successive civil aviation ministers.
now, with the support of civil aviation minister of state jayant sinha and the active interest of cm raghubar das things fell into place in january 2019q: where do things stand now?
the airport authority of india has started the survey work to prepare a dpr.
we hope to have the first phase of the airport functional within 18 months.
q: what about opening/reviving mines in the ghatshila area?
to get closed copper and uranium mines in mosaboni and jadugora functional was most challenging.
several meetings with the prime minister and chief minister bore fruit with the opening of rakha mines (closed for 19 years), chapri mines (closed for 14 years), kendadih mines (closed for 11 years) and uranium mines at narwa and jadugora (closed for four years).
these will revive the economy of the mosaboni-rakha-jadugora belt and also generate employmentq: how was the jugsalai road over bridge project revived?
i held several meetings with the railway minister and officials at ser headquarters in garden reach and the road construction division.
i am thankful to the chief minister for pushing the case.
all this helped start the rs 12-crore road over bridge project near jugsalai railway crossingq: but the nh-33 widening work has been inordinately delayed?
litigation, bureaucratic hassles and the failure of the private concessionaire, madhucon projects, made it very embarrassing for the government.
however, i had been raising the issue in the lok sabha and also in meetings with union road and transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and the chief minister.
fortunately, a work order has been issued again and the remaining part the work is expected to be completed in 18 monthsq: how much of your mplad funds have you spent?
i have utilised more than 90 per cent of my mplad funds on roads and other infrastructure projects in rural areasq: what about health and education?
the jamshedpur womens university has finally come into being.
and, let me tell you, it was my proposal in parliament which led to reduction of prices of coronary stentsq: what will be your priorities, if elected for another term?
i want to develop jamshedpur as an educational hub by setting up medical and engineering colleges as well as polytechnics.
this will ensure that our youngsters dont have to leave the steel city for higher studies.
this will be my topmost priority.
new delhi, may 3: the congress today released a series of pictures posted on social media by bjp leaders and sangh parivar activists with the alleged aim of triggering communal passions, arguing that narendra modis electoral push was sustained by a divisive agenda.
union law minister kapil sibal said the pictures  burning of indian flags, declaring war on india and violence against hindus  were of incidents in pakistan, palestine and bangladesh but were falsely depicted as domestic events.
he said this was a crime punishable under the indian penal code and the national security act.
a picture, for instance, claimed that minorities had burnt the indian flag in hyderabad on republic day.
but the incident actually happened in karachi where jamaat-ud-dawa supporters set the flag on fire on november 28, 2011.
sibal said nitingadkari gadkari posted the picture on twitter on january 30, 2014, and it was re-tweeted 59 times.
this was done with the sole purpose of communalising the electoral scene as was done by l.k. advani who took rath yatra and modi in gujarat in the past, sibal alleged.
another picture of the indian flag on fire, again by the jamaat-ud-dawa, was tweeted by asma khan pathan, the district president of the bjp minority morcha of kheda in gujarat.
its caption read: this photograph shows bangladeshi muslims protest in assam.
they can burn the tricolour and we are condemned for saying vande mataram.
other pictures depicted similar anti-india themes, falsely presented as events in india.
sibal alleged: the bjp always created divide and polarised voters for political dividends and did the same in this election.
condemning this nefarious enterprise, he claimed: it reflects the mindset of a party and individual who hopes to be the prime minister of india.
it is a national shame.
sibal said the gujarat bjp website termed modi the key player of two events  the somnath to ayodhya yatra and kanyakumari to kashmir yatra between 1988 and 1995  that ensured the bjps ascent to power.
he claimed both yatras were driven by the communal agenda and expanded the letters modi as model of dividing india.
the congresss official website carried an article claiming modi had distorted the political discourse by presenting secularism as an alternative to development.
it said: today modi made a mockery of the word secularism and twisted it to fool people.
addressing a public gathering in khalilabad (up), he said, mai kehta hun ki desh ke jawanon ke adhikar surakshit hone chahiye, congress kehti hai secularism.
hum kisanon ke hit ki baat karte hain, congress kehti hai secularism (i say the future of our soldiers should be secure, congress says secularism.
i want to talk about the welfare of farmers, congress says secularism.
the article added: he should have told people that when he talks about communalism, the congress talks about secularism; when he talks about dividing the country, the congress talks about uniting people.
making such misleading statements has become an inseparable part of modis personality and style.
he may not be able to change it even after the elections.
roshan kumarljp mp veena devi (centre) sits on a dharna in mokama on monday.
telegraph picturepatna: an mp from the lok janshakti party (ljp), which is part of the bjp-led national democratic alliance, on monday staged a dharna against the narendra modi government at the centre and the nitish kumar government in bihar.
veena devi, the ljp mp from munger, was protesting what she called the lack of government help for pulse farmers in the mokama taal (lake) area.
veena said she decided to sit on dharna with farmers at mokama chowk, around 100 km east of patna, as she failed to get a response from union agriculture minister radhamohan singh, river development & ganga rejuvenation minister nitingadkari gadkari, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and even veena's party boss and consumer affairs, food and public distribution minister ram vilas paswan.
the farmers growing pulses in the taal area face many problems - there is no storage facility for their produce, irrigation and marketing facilities are poor - leaving them with no other alternative but to sell their produce at lower price to middlemen, veena explained.
the pulse producing belt around the taal includes areas such as mokama, barh, barahiya, lakhisarai, and sheikhpura.
veena claimed that after trying in vain to meet prime minister narendra modi for a while, she could finally meet him on may 19.
the munger mp said that the prime minister listened to her grievances and assured he would take up the case.
however, veena added, her biggest disappointment was that despite several attempts to meet chief minister nitish kumar and her party boss ram vilas paswan, none of them gave her time.
the agitating farmers on monday paralysed movement of vehicles on highways passing through the area and also stopped trains.
the tata-danapur express was stranded at barh junction for hours due to the farmers' protest.
the mokama taal area alone constitutes 1.
16 lakh hectares of the total 2.
5 crore hectares on which pulses are grown in the country.
the taal is spread over 1,062 sq km comprising seven continuous lakes and is fed by the ganga, punpun, harohar and several other local rivers.
it stays submerged in four- to six-foot-deep water from july to september.
the farmers grow chana (gram) and masur - varieties of pulses - once the water recedes in september and october.
farmers have been fighting for water management and development of the mokama taal area for decades.
jdu mlc neeraj kumar, who hails from the mokama taal area, said: the main problem behind farmers' plight is poor and irregular pulses procurement by the national agricultural cooperative marketing federation of india ltd (nafed), which is a central agency.
neeraj claimed that nitish has taken various initiative to develop the taal area such as building roads, electrifying villages and constructing canals.
nitin gadkari, union minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, will inaugurate and lay the foundation of national highways projects worth rs 9,533 crore at separate events in roing and ziro in arunachal pradesh on thursday.
these projects will improve connectivity between assam and arunachal pradesh and between district headquarters by reducing travel time and distance.
the projects will create new employment opportunities for people in the region and ensure socio-economic development.
these projects are also of strategic importance to the nation.
the centre and the arunachal government have gone on an overdrive to expedite development projects in the frontier state which, sources said, was being done with an eye on the lok sabha and assembly elections which are likely to be held simultaneously in april.
in the last assembly election, the congress won 42 of the 60 seats.
most of its mlas, barring three, joined the peoples party of arunachal (ppa) and then the bjp.
the state now has a bjp-led government.
accompanied by chief minister pema khandu and union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju, gadkari will inaugurate bridges across dibang and lohit river systems at roing, including an approach road between chowkham and digaru.
the total length of this project is 30.
95km and the cost is rs 1508.
3 crore.
gadkari will also inaugurate the two-lane, 25.
14km mahadevpur to buri dihing section of nh-52b, constructed at a cost of rs 136.
60 crore and 22.
23km bordumsa-namchik section of nh-52b constructed at a cost of rs 189.
91 crore.
gadkari will also lay the foundation of nearly 96.
47km of national highway projects at a cost of rs 2,114.
82 crore in roing.
these include two-laning of the 74.
86m roing-hunli section of hunli-anini road (national highway 313) at a cost of rs 1718.
59 crore, two-laning of the 11.
31km hayuliang-hawai road section of national highway 113 at rs 256.
66 crore and the 10.
3km hunli-anini section of nh-313 at a cost of rs 139.
37 crore.
in ziro, gadkari will lay the foundation for 472km of national highways, costing rs 583.
92 crore.
these include the 26.
12km akajan-likabali-bame road at an estimated cost of rs 374.
73 crore, and six packages on joram-kolorlang road on national highway 713 for a total length of 94.
39km and at a cost of rs 1253.
19 crore.
gadkari will also relaunch a project for two-laning of 351.
38km of potin to pangin section of nh-229 at a cost of rs 3,956 crore.
trai order new delhi, may 28 (pti): broadcast regulator trai has directed cable operators to send bills to subscribers, while providing facilities for online payment and acknowledgment in the wake of unsatisfactory compliance of its directives on billing and receipts by service providers.
the directive is applicable in areas where digitisation has been implemented.
the multi-system operators must provide the online payment options within 45 days of issue of the order, dated may 27, 2014.
2g bail pleas new delhi (pti): a delhi court has said it would hear on may 30 the bail pleas of a. raja, dmk mp kanimozhi and seven other accused, chargesheeted by the enforcement directorate in a 2g scam-related money laundering case.
107 stabs new york (pti): an indian-origin man, accused of fatally stabbing his sister 107 times during an altercation, has been acquitted by a us federal jury on all charges of murder and illegal possession of a weapon for lack of evidence.
vishnu phagoo, 37, of jersey city, was arrested in 2011 and charged with the 2010 murder of shrimatie parasram, 45, in her home.
measles alert new delhi (pti): authorities in delhi have started identifying high-risk zones in the capital to control the spread of measles.
the decision follows three cases of death reported over the past four months.
crash claim new delhi (pti): the family members of a 25-year-old man, who died after being hit by a truck last year, have been awarded a compensation of over rs 30 lakh by a motor claims tribunal.
the tribunal concluded that the truck was rashly driven and directed its insurer to pay the amount.
ins vikrant mumbai (pti): the ins vikrant was on wednesday moved out of the naval dock and taken to a ship breaking yard in south mumbai, over a month after it was decommissioned.
the ship will not be broken for now as a petition seeking that it be converted into a museum is pending in the supreme court, a source said.
witness safety new delhi, may 28 (pti): the protection of a witness in a criminal case is the prime responsibility of the state and police instead of courts, a delhi sessions court has said.
it dismissed an appeal filed by laxman indoria, a witness in a murder case, who had challenged a magisterial courts order withdrawing his security cover and sought police protection fearing threat to his life.
lady lawyer new delhi (pti): the supreme court on wednesday asked delhi police commissioner to provide security to a woman lawyer who was allegedly manhandled by some cops inside a delhi police station on april 4.
a plea seeking a cbi probe has been filed saying the witnesses were being allegedly harassed by the policemen.
black magic korba (pti): an elderly couple, suspected to be practising black magic, were killed by three women in chhattisgarhs tribal-dominated jashpur district, police said.
paatrik kujur, 62, and his wife alveshiya, 58, were beaten to death by the women.
the trio have been arrested.
kejriwal letter new delhi (pti): delhi high court on wednesday declined to entertain a plea seeking a ban on publication and circulation of arvind kejriwals letter questioning orders sending him to judicial custody and levelling allegations against nitingadkari gadkari.
bhubaneswar, jan.
17 (pti): bjp president nitingadkari gadkari today provided some light moments at a rally when he shared with audience sms jokes on spiralling prices.
one of the girls points towards a well-dressed young man and says he must be very rich.
the other girl asks why?
another sms was on a father worried about his daughters height.
the prime minister advised the father to change his daughters name to mahangai.
she will rapidly increase in size.
our correspondentvessels at the paradip fishing harbour.
telegraph pictureparadip: the state marine fisheries department has sought the help of paradip port for dredging the mahanadi river mouth - where the state's largest fishing harbour is located -to ensure the safety of sea-going fishermen.
the depth of the navigation channel has dipped over the years due to silt deposition, posing a threat to hassle-free movement of fishing crafts.
incidents of boat capsize and human casualties have become a recurring phenomenon at the all-important navigation route.
the depth of the river mouth has now reduced to less than one metre while the fishing vessels need a minimum depth of four metres for smooth and safe navigation.
the port had last taken up dredging of the navigation channel during1997-98.
the river mouth dredging project requires rs 20 crore.
we have requested the paradip port trust (ppt) to fund the project.
the port has the expertise to execute such delicate project at the river-ocean confluence.
the matter has also been brought to the notice of the centre-run national fisheries development board.
we have also sought the assistance of the central institute of coastal engineering for fishery (cicef), said bharat bhusan sahoo, manager of paradip fishing harbour.
the river channel that meets with the sea from the harbour side is heavily silted.
this is resulting in frequent vessel capsize.
the harbour needs to be dredged for smooth navigation of seaward fishing vessels, the official said.
the port trust will hold an internal meeting of december 15, where it will decide whether it will be able to dredge the river mouth.
the fishing harbour, commissioned in 1998, is the state's largest exporter of marine produces, mainly sea fish.
an estimated 3,500 metric tonnes of high-grade shrimps are exported mainly to european countries every year from this fishing hub.
the annual shrimp export turnover from the harbour is estimated at rs 150 crore.
that accounts for more than 40 per cent of total annual shrimp export from the state.
in march, chief minister naveen patnaik had made an official request to union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari for dredging the mahanadi river mouth to ensure the safety of the sea-going fishermen.
(from left) sushma swaraj, rajnath singh, narendra modi, amit shah and arun jaitley release bjps manifesto in new delhi on monday.
(ap)prime minister narendra modi released the bjps manifesto for the 2019 general election on monday, flanked by party president amit shah and other senior leaders and against a backdrop that only had his picture.
while atal bihari vajpayee didnt find a place on billboards at the party headquarters, the late prime ministers sidelined contemporaries l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi  the chairman of the 2014 manifesto committee  didnt make it to the dais.
both advani and joshi have been denied nominations this time and mondays show confirmed their present status in the party.
for a change, though, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj and finance minister arun jaitley not only found a place on the stage but were also allowed to speak.
the last five years have seen only modi and shah speak from podiums, the others remaining silent spectators.
another change was shahs absence from the billboards and even the manifestos cover page  a break from the past five years that has seen him occupy almost equal space as modi on party hoardings and posters.
this time it was modi and no one else, unlike 2014 when vajpayee, advani, joshi and rajnath had found a place on the cover page of the manifesto.
all that appeared to be history before the one-man modi show.
the manifesto was to be released by members of the parliamentary board, the partys highest decision-making body, but three members of the board  union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and j.p. nadda and former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan  were not present.
rajnath, sushma and jaitley got the opportunity to speak but had to wait a good 10-15 minutes in the heat for modi and shah to arrive.
apparently, they and some others had been asked to reach early and wait on the stage because of security reasons.
all of them stood up and greeted modi and shah when the two arrived.
shah, who spoke first, started from 2014 when he said that modi, then chief minister of gujarat, had emerged as the symbol of the aspirations of the people of india.
the history of indias development in the last five years, he added, would be written in golden letters.
shah claimed that modi has delivered despite the difficulties posed by a multiparty democratic system, in what seemed a loaded comment in the backdrop of sustained allegations that democracy and democratic institutions have been in peril over the past few years.
how difficult it is to work in a multiparty democratic system and federal structure like ours is known, shah, who wants the bjp to rule from panchayat to parliament, added.
rajnath, expected to speak as the chairman of the manifesto committee, took the microphone after shah.
he called the manifesto a vision document of the modi government, described the government as responsible and sensitive with a firm commitment and said modi had ended the crisis of credibility under the upa regime.
jaitley, who has been campaigning on social media through written and video blogs, spoke next.
unlike the others he spoke in english, seeking possibly to hit out at what the bjp despises the most  lutyens delhi.
the bjps manifesto presents a roadmap of a continuing government, he repeatedly stressed, oozing confidence that modi would return to power.
this sankalp patra is one of a government which is going to continue in power, jaitley said.
this manifesto in a season of manifestos is not prepared with a tukde-tukde mindset, jaitley said, using a term coined against those who the bjp and its ideological brethren think are out to divide india.
its not even prepared with an ivy league mindset, jaitley added in what appeared to be a dig at some academics who have been critical of the modi government.
sushma, who has declared that she would not contest the election, was the last to speak before modi.
she lauded modi for cornering pakistan internationally and asked journalists to compare the bjps promise with that of the congresss.
modi said the three main themes of the manifesto were nationalism, empowerment of weaker sections and good governance.
nationalism is our inspiration, empowerment of weaker sections is our vision and good governance is our mantra, the prime minister said, adding the manifesto would take india on one mission and in one direction.
nitin gadkari holds the teleconference on monday.
picture by ranjeet kumar dey the centre would undertake comprehensive repair work of gandhi setu  the lifeline between patna and north bihar.
union minister of road transport, highways and shipping nitingadkari gadkari said during a media teleconference on monday that the centre had decided to take up the bridge repair work following a request from chief minister jitan ram manjhi.
the chief minister told me that the state government could not handle the gandhi setu repair work as it was a costly affair and requested the centre to handle it.
the bridge would be handed over to the centre for the second time this decade for its renovation and development.
the centre had taken the responsibility of repairing the damaged gandhi setu at the cost of rs 800 crore in july 2011.
but the state government took the work back from the national highways authority of india (nhai) in june 2012 after the feasibility report was prepared and tender was floated, showing eagerness to complete the repair work from its own resources.
ever since the state government took the charge of repairing the bridge, the structure turned from bad to worse.
the work to overhaul the western flank of the 44th span, including replacement of the superstructure of the stretch, started in december 2013 but the work is still not over.
a senior official of nhai told the telegraph: it will take at least year-and-a-half to start the actual work on the setu and another three years to complete its renovation.
first, we shall appoint a consultant and prepare a feasibility report.
it will take at least four months.
thereafter, our experts will go through the report and send it to the centre for clearance, which will take at least another four months.
the load on 5.
575-km-long gandhi setu increased drastically after the closure of rajendra bridge in mokama in may last year.
located around 100km east of gandhi setu, it was an alternative road bridge for crossing the ganga for going to the north bihar districts.
our special correspondenta stretch of nh-33 between ranchi and jamshedpurranchi: national highways authority of india (nhai) has agreed to set up an escrow account to facilitate smooth financial transactions to speed up implementation of the long delayed project to widen the ranchi-jamshedpur stretch of nh-33.
government will deposit the money in this account through which contractor can keep getting the approved/ sanctioned money in lieu of works done, state food and civil supplies minister saryu roy, who met with nhai chairman deepak kumar in delhi on tuesday, told the telegraph.
roy said nhai had already spoken to a bank that was keen to set up the escrow account.
this will help in simplifying procedures for the contractor to access loans and payments, he said.
the state minister said he pointed out that nhai had not submitted structural designs for three underpasses for elephant movement because of which wildlife clearances were pending.
wildlife institute of india (wii) had suggested these underpasses to prevent man-animal conflicts.
but, for a couple of years now, nhai hasn't submitted structural designs owing to which a few patches on the ranchi-tata road haven't got forest clearances, roy said.
initiated in january 2013, the 163km road-widening project between ranchi and mohulia (near ghatshila) via tatanagar has been running behind scheduled.
originally scheduled to be completed by july 2016, it has been inordinately delayed.
as of now, not even half the stretch has been widened to four lanes.
earlier this year, union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari had announced that the project would be taken over by nhai once 50 per cent work was complete.
roy revealed nhai officials had told him that they were thinking of removing private contractor madhucon projects in view of its problems vis-a-vis funds.
as per the clause, nhai will take a call on it as soon as madhucon is able to finish 50 per cent work using its own resources.
the state government is trying to speed up the project, he said.
new delhi, dec.
17: the prime minister has made plain his distaste for sycophants and coteries.
addressing bjp mps yesterday, narendra modi - known to be forthright with party colleagues - said he had no favourites, did not believe in encouraging hangers-on or in playing one against another, and preferred to meet people in large groups than in one's and two's.
modi made it clear he was against those who were using their alleged proximity to him to foster their ambitions.
nobody quite figured out who he was referring to or in what context he was speaking.
those who have worked with him for long confirmed he was a transparent person.
he has clear likes and dislikes and makes them obvious with just one glance, a source said.
in 2010, when the rss began to promote the bjp's regional heavyweights as potential central leaders, one of its objectives was to undermine the power of an entrenched delhi cabal helmed by veteran l.k. advani.
for the decade or more that he headed the bjp, although with small breaks, advani put together a team that once included modi.
but advani denied the regional leaders the space they sought in the national arena.
the rss first experimented by anointing maharashtra's nitingadkari gadkari as party president.
but he was done in by the delhi lobby.
modi, who had worked for a while in delhi and was familiar with its power dynamics, proved a different kettle of fish.
he held his own against advani, sushma swaraj and others and it fell on him to take the place of the cabal.
in many interviews before taking over as prime minister, modi said he would break the status quo of vested interests controlling delhi.
a source said modi probably intended embarking on his mission with his own party.
union minister and bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari along with party leaders waves at supporters during an election campaign meeting in support of the party candidates, at barahpur, bhadrak on wednesday, april 24, 2019.
ptiunion minister nitingadkari gadkari fainted on stage on saturday at an election rally near shirdi in maharashtra.
the bjp leader soon recovered and later walked to his car.
gadkari was campaigning at rahata for the shiv sena candidate for the shirdi lok sabha seat, sadashiv lokhande.
after finishing his speech, gadkari was walking back to his seat on the stage when he fainted.
his security guards and bjp leaders rushed to his help.
within a few minutes, the road and transport minister recovered.
later, he visited the saibaba temple after undergoing check-up.
on december 7, 2018, gadkari had lost consciousness during a convocation at the agricultural university in maharashtras rahuri.
he had attributed it to low sugar levels.
subhashish mohantywarm welcome: bjp leaders garland prime minister narendra modi at killa maidan in cuttack on saturday.
picture by badrika nath dascuttack: prime minister narendra modi on saturday attacked the naveen patnaik government for misleading people on the mahanadi water-sharing dispute between odisha and chhattisgarh.
he also held the state government responsible for the situation that had arisen on the issue.
however, as a matter of protocol, modi did not directly take the name of naveen while targeting the state government.
modi said: in the assembly, the state government had accepted that more than 50 per cent of mahanadi water drains into the bay of bengal.
even the centre tried to resolve the issue, but the odisha government did not co-operate.
nitin gadkari ji had written a letter inviting the odisha government on the issue to settle it.
but, the state government backed out.
even a proposal was mooted to set up a tribunal.
but, it was also rejected.
despite being in power for so many years, it failed to develop a system, so that the mahanadi water reaches the poor and the farmers.
the crowd at modis public meeting in cuttack on saturday.
picture by badrika nath dashinting at the state government's inefficiency to complete the various irrigation projects, modi further said on saturday: the people of odisha want to know why the lower indravati irrigation project, which had started 20 years ago, was delayed for so long.
it even failed to utilise the water of the five major rivers flowing in the state.
raising question on the state government's seriousness about completing various projects, he said: why has the state government delayed various irrigation projects and pushed up the project costs by four to five times?
the farmers of odisha have been left in lurch.
terming his government as pro-farmer and pro-poor, modi said: we are a committed government.
the centre has taken up the responsibility of bringing a change and ensure that water reaches their farmland and their income be doubled.
reacting to modi's allegation, bjd spokesperson pratap deb said: the prime minister's speech was disappointing.
he had given wrong statements on the mahanadi.
satara, oct.
13: in western maharashtras sugar belt, the bjp is striving to build a base from scratch through defections while the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp) are slogging to retain their turfs.
with 58 of maharashtras 288 assembly seats, the states western zone, stretching from pune to sangli, has been the pivot of the states politics.
key to politics here is a nexus between the sugar cooperatives and the sugar industrys auxiliaries and their beneficiaries.
western maharashtra produced the states first chief minister, the legendary yashwantrao chavan who hailed from karad, also the home of the last chief minister, prithviraj chavan.
other political luminaries from the region include vasantdada patil and sharad pawar.
satara has a place in congress history: along with midnapore and ballia (uttar pradesh), it contributed the highest number of freedom fighters.
those like patang rao phalke and d.k. shinde, now in their 90s, dutifully visit the decrepit congress office every day.
they have received nothing from the party, nor do they expect anything, they said.
we dont own sugar factories, rued shinde.
the bjp and the shiv sena were out of the vortex of sugar politics.
so, the bjp has had to steal defectors from the congress and the ncp and field them to give itself a fighting chance in western maharashtra.
atul baba bhonsale, a 31-year-old doctor, is taking on prithviraj chavan in karad.
atuls grandfather was cooperatives minister in a congress government led by vasantdada patil.
his father, also a congress member, owns a sugar cooperative  a must for anyone looking to be taken seriously in politics here.
prithviraj ditched atul baba after promising him a ticket, alleged basheer inamdar, a former sarpanch (village headman) and bjp worker.
in the adjoining constituency of shirala, the bjp enticed shivajirao nayak to become its candidate.
nayak, who won as an independent in 1995, 1999 and 2004, heads a sugar cooperative and owns a glucose plant.
like atuls, his father and grandfather too were of congress vintage.
the congress refused him a ticket, so he had no choice but to join the bjp.
the ncp fielded another former independent, said babaji nayakodi, a nayak loyalist in krishnashedge town.
the bjp and the rss are nothing here because they have no role in the cooperatives.
we have created a presence for the bjp, nayakodi said.
nayaks links with bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari helped.
like gadkari, he used to be a minister in the bjp-sena coalition government.
in the wai assembly seat, madan bhosale of the congress is among the favourites.
he owns a sugar factory, a mineral water plant and a pesticides factory that have given jobs to youths like me, said mayur pawar, a second-year science student from anavadi village who works part-time in one of bhosales units.
sripad dhekane, a bjp official in pune, said that while the sugar cooperatives have their place in western maharashtras politics, they have a dark underbelly too.
the sugar lobbies, doubtless, are the backbone of the ncp.
but in the past two years, the genuine cooperatives collapsed because the state government heavily patronised the private sugar factory owners, who are proxies of the politicians themselves, said dhekane.
any cooperative that goes against the government loses its support.
in this battle, even the congress lost out.
many of its cooperatives were driven to bankruptcy by the ncp.
when these insolvent cooperatives were put up for bids in the open market, the ncps proxies bought them.
rajkumar patil, the ncps satara district general secretary, denied the charge.
the sugar belt is indebted to pawar sahib because he raised the maximum statutory price of not only sugar but also other crops like onions and wheat, which too matter in this region, patil claimed.
varun gandhi lucknow, feb.
11: varun gandhi today kicked off his campaign in sultanpur, recalling his late fathers ties and saying he first came in his mothers lap to the gandhi backyard from where he is likely to be fielded by the bjp.
you might not know when i was here the first time.
that was when i was in my mothers lap.
i have returned here now as a man to shoulder your burden.
let me work here for you in the memory of my father, varun, who is likely to shift from his current seat pilibhit, told a sultanpur rally that followed a road show and street-corner meetings.
the bjp national general secretary may have been alluding to his mother manekas 1982 visit while campaigning for the rashtriya sanjay vichar manch, an outfit she had floated after her husbands death in 1980, old-timers said.
varun was born in march 1980, three months before sanjay gandhi died in june that year in a plane crash.
but his mother maneka visited sultanpur in 1982 after she left indira gandhis home.
he (varun) may have been recalling that, said niraj tripathi, a 68-year-old sultanpur resident who once worked for the congress.
varun played on nostalgia, speaking of a divine command and highlighting his fathers legacy, often in his speech.
i have been sent here by god to fulfil my fathers ambitions for you.
this was my fathers place of work.
sultanpur borders amethi, rahul gandhis constituency that was part of the district before being carved out.
once varun is officially fielded from sultanpur  he is likely to figure on the bjps first list of 30 nominees from uttar pradesh expected soon  the presence of the gandhis will span three contiguous constituencies, including sonia gandhis seat rae bareli.
although no member from sonias family is likely to challenge varun, some bjp workers fear rahuls campaign in neighbouring amethi could be a distraction.
the congress plans to field amita singh, the wife of sanjay singh, who was the mp from sultanpur.
sanjay singh was elected to the rajya sabha from assam last week.
varun made no mention of his cousin or aunt in his speech today but tagged amethi as a backward pocket in the area alongside others represented by the first family of the ruling samajwadis in uttar pradesh.
there has not been much development here, like in kannauj (represented in the lok sabha by chief minister akhilesh yadavs wife dimple) and amethi.
i wonder why.
give me a chance to write a new history in sultanpur.
varun cited his record as the mp from pilibhit, around 300km away, to promise he would do the same and more for sultanpur.
i worked a lot in pilibhit.
in sultanpur, i will dedicate myself to the development of the district that was once my fathers constituency.
sanjay gandhi had won the 1980 elections from amethi when it was still part of sultanpur.
but some wondered whether varun had decided to shift his constituency to reconnect with his fathers legacy or to return pilibhit to his mother maneka, who used to represent it earlier.
she is now the mp from neighbouring aonla.
bsp leader pawan pandey said: varun gandhi tends to exaggerate.
and he is unnecessarily getting sentimental, as if this is his first visit to sultanpur since then (the early eighties).
varun was here in may last year with nitingadkari gadkari and had told a rally then that it was his homecoming.
bjp president amit shah at a rally before filing his nomination papers for the gandhinagar lok sabha seat on saturday.
source: @amitshahbjp president amit shah saturday said the 2019 lok sabha elections will be fought only on the issue of who will lead the country after the polls.
addressing a rally here before filing his nomination papers for the gandhinagar lok sabha seat, shah claimed that in prime minister narendra modi, people saw the leader they had been waiting for since the last 70 years.
union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari and leaders of nda allies, including shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, sad supremo parkash singh badal and ljp founder ram vilas paswan were present on the stage with shah.
during my visits to different places in the country, i found people chanting only modi's name to lead the country, shah said.
this election will be fought only on the issue of who will lead the country.
.
.
when i ask this question to people from himachal to kanyakumari and from kamrup to gandhinagar, i can only hear one sound -- 'modi, modi, modi' he said.
in narendra modi, people have found the leader they had been waiting for since the last 70 years, shah said.
he said it was his good fortune to file his nomination papers from gandhinagar, which has been represented by l k advani, ataji (a b vajpayee) and purshottam ganesh mavlankar in the past.
the bjp chief's lok sabha poll debut from the gandhinagar constituency will mark a generational shift in the party as this seat has been held by advani since 1998.
the state bjp feels that shah's nomination will energise the party in gujarat and help it win all the 26 lok sabha seats in the state.
amit royvedanta chairman anil agarwallondon: anil agarwal, executive chairman of the london-listed metals and mining group vedanta resources, has taken responsibility for beautifying the ganga as it passes through his city of birth - patna.
this was revealed in london by nitingadkari gadkari, india's minister for road transport & highways, shipping and water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation, who has had talks in the city with the british transport secretary, chris grayling.
agarwal himself confirmed he would be associated with the project.
shri nitingadkari gadkari ji offered me to take up the beautification and maintenance of ganga river front in patna, the place of my birth.
shri gadkariji is a visionary - for building a modern india, that is strongly attached to its rich culture and values.
the ganga rejuvenation project is one such example.
i gladly accepted the offer and i will be happy to be associated with the prestigious project, he told the telegraph.
agarwal though hasn't yet disclosed the precise details of what he has promised gadkari whom he invited to his home in london.
agarwal, who was born on january 24, 1954, in patna, has certainly come a long way since he established vedanta in 1979.
i grew up in patna and went to a municipal school called miller high school - (i'm from a) very modest background and lived till the age of 20-21 (in patna), he had earlier told this paper.
i started working with my father from the age of 16 - he was a small businessman making doors, windows, things like that.
he moved to mumbai (then bombay) to start his own metals business.
agarwal and his wife, kiran, who now live in some style in london, though they have to spend a fair amount of time in india, have a son, agnivesh, and a daughter, priya.
according to the uk's asian rich list, agarwal's net wealth was valued earlier this year at 2.
2 billion, placing him fourth behind the hindujas, lakshmi mittal and the arora brothers who are in retail.
but from a pr point of view, doing something environmentally positive in patna would help him to defend himself against barbs from left wing activists who have a full time job attacking him allegedly for deforestation.
earlier this year agarwal certainly impressed the south african journalist and broadcaster alexander hogg, editor-in-chief of moneyweb, who said: if all billionaires were like india's mining mogul anil agarwal, the world would be a far better place.
he described agarwal's modus operandi as a great example of how multinational business can and should be done in the new south africa.
kushwaha at the bjps delhi office during his induction into the party on january 3.
(pti) new delhi, jan.
6: the bjp leadership today shook off its initial hesitation and defended the induction of the tainted babu singh kushwaha even as protests against the move grew within the party.
the partys strategy appeared to be guided partly by its hunger for backward caste votes and partly by compulsion: sources said that having invited the bahujan samaj party (bsp) discard in, the bjp cannot afford to dump him.
the bjp today projected itself as a champion of the backward castes and played down the criticism of kushwahas induction from the likes of maneka gandhi and yogi adityanath  and even uma bharti, according to some reports.
kushwahas arrival, bjp spokesperson nirmala sitharaman said, indicates the backward classes are turning to the bjp as the congress, bsp and the samajwadi party (sp) are appeasing the minorities.
the bjp plans to hold a rally by the kushwaha community in lucknow to assert its pro-backward image.
one can definitely not call the decision to induct babu singh kushwaha a hasty decision.
i can assure you that this was not at all a hasty decision, sitharaman said.
the kushwahas represent a very backward community.
most obcs are looking up to the bjp as they are upset with the bsp, sp and the congress.
they have realised that all these parties are resorting to minority appeasement.
most within the party leadership had initially seemed to take the view that inducting the former bsp minister, raided by the cbi in connection with a rs 1,000-crore scam in his department, was a misguided move.
party president nitingadkari gadkari was said to have taken the decision without consulting the likes of l.k. advani, sushma swaraj or arun jaitley.
but now the leadership seems to have decided to make the most of a tricky situation.
having inducted him, we cannot afford to dump him as it would lead to further embarrassment.
the prudent strategy now would be to accept it and use it to garner backward votes, a senior party leader said.
attracting upper-caste and obc voters is crucial to the bjps strategy for the upcoming assembly elections.
the leadership, therefore, got down to damage-control mode immediately after backward leader uma was said to have refused to campaign in uttar pradesh in protest against kushwahas entry.
gadkari and jaitley spoke to uma and she issued a clarification.
reports in the media are baseless.
my up campaign plan from january 9 is on, a written statement from her said.
party sources, however, said umas anger had nothing to do with kushwahas induction: she just wanted to put pressure on the party to project her as its candidate for chief minister.
the sources said uma had walked out of a recent core committee meeting when those present refused to project her as the candidate for the top post.
umas consent was taken for the induction of kushwaha.
she is trying to use the situation to coerce the party into projecting her as the chief ministerial candidate, a source said.
the bjps problem, however, was not over as maneka gandhi too joined in.
i dont think anyone from the party leadership was consulted before taking this decision.
there is a lot of resentment in the up party, maneka said.
another key heartland politician, gorakhpur mp adityanath, declared that inducting kushwaha was a wrong decision that had caused resentment in the party.
the bjp sought to make light of it all and said senior leaders would speak to all those protesting the decision and get them on board.
it is a sign of democracy in the party.
but our leaders will talk to everyone, sitharaman said.
the bjp is trying to firm up a contingency plan in case the cbi arrests kushwaha.
one section feels that such a step would benefit the party by drawing the kushwaha communitys sympathy.
however, another section argues that if kushwaha is arrested, the party might be forced to drop him.
asked what the party would do if kushwaha was arrested, sitharaman said: we will take a call when it happens.
his joining the bjp is no immunity to him from the law.
we have not said we will be giving him cover.
the law will take its course.
rajesh mohantybjd leader sarada prasad nayak protests against the delay in bridge construction in rourkela on sunday.
picture by uttam kumar palrourkela: politics over the construction of the second brahmani bridge has taken centre stage here with the bjd staging a demonstration for four hours on sunday near panposh, the entry point to the city.
the bjd leaders denounced the failure of the centre in keeping the promises made by the prime minister on the construction of the second bridge on two occasions.
they also criticised the delay in converting the ispat general hospital into a super-specialty hospital.
hundreds of bjd youth wing activists - led by sundargarh and rourkela unit youth presidents debendra majhi and subash swain, former minister and rourkela mla sarada prasad nayak - took part in the demonstration.
we think rourkela does not exist in the radar of the centre despite the tall promises made by the prime minister and his minister nitingadkari gadkari.
the centre is playing dirty tricks with the state and especially with rourkela, said majhi.
swain said: how can we believe the centre with such tall failures despite pm himself making the promises?
if the prime minister's promise fails to materialise, what could be more humiliating for us?
this is sheer cheating.
all the government land have been acquired by the state government for this purpose and what is stopping them from constructing the bridge?
said nayak.
the bridge on river brahmani has always been very sensitive for the residents here.
the present bridge was built in the 1960s' and was repaired from time to time.
this bridge is part of the nh-143.
during upa rule, it was decided that the highway would be widened and a second bridge would be constructed.
a mumbai-based infrastructure company had got the contact initially.
however, it left soon as the state government failed to acquire the required land and then there were heavy political brick-batting between the bjd and the congress.
during the last general election, prime minister narendra modi promised that the bridge would be constructed and the ispat general hospital would be converted into a super-specialty hospital.
on june 21 this year, union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari promised the residents of the town that work on this bridge would begin within 15 days.
however, local mla dilip ray had then said: it is next to impossible to start construction within 15 days.
dipak mishrapatna, oct.
13: prime minister narendra modi is arriving with gifts for the state, like during earlier visits.
apart from participating in the patna university centenary function, the prime minister will lay foundation stones of four sewerage projects worth over rs 738 crore and four national highway projects worth rs 3,031 crore.
however, the issue of special status for bihar, an rjd demand, will not come up.
when chief minister nitish kumar parted ways with the rjd to join hands with the bjp, he had declared bihar would see development, as both the state and the centre would be ruled by the same political configuration.
saturday will be the first occasion after the formation of the jdu-bjp government when prime minister modi and chief minister nitish kumar will share a platform, a senior bjp leader said.
what better opportunity than now to showcase how this government is better than the previous one for bihar.
the four sewerage projects under namami gange plan are part of 29 projects sanctioned for bihar at acost of rs 4,918 crore.
prime minister modi will lay foundation stones for a sewerage treatment plant at beur, sewerage system and network at beur, sewerage treatment plant at karmalichak and another plant and sewer network at saidpur.
these projects once completed will upgrade sewerage capacity for beur from 20 million litres per day (mld) to 120 mld.
these four sewerage plants are under 11 projects under world bank funding which will create a total of sewerage treatment capacity of 350 mld.
after completion by 2035, patna will have 100 per cent sewerage infrastructure with no untreated water flowing into the ganga, the government claims.
seven other sewerage projects in patna are in various stages of implementation of which two - digha and kankerbagh - are in public-private partnership (ppp) mode.
the four national highways for which prime minister modi will lay the foundation stone from mokama include four-laning of aunta-simariya section of nh-31 and six-laning of gangasetu at rs 1,161 crore, four-laning of bakhtiyarpur-mokama section of nh-31 at rs 837 crore, two-lane construction of maheshkhunt-saharsa-purnea road at rs 736 crore and 2-lane construction of biharsharif-barbigha-mokama section of nh-82 at rs 297 crore.
nitin gadkari, union minister for road transport, river development and ganga rejuvenation, will accompany prime minister modi on the occasion.
all these are part of the special economic package the prime minister had announced before the 2015 assembly polls.
at that time, nitish - then a political opponent - had dismissed them as old wine in new bottle.
he will now be there to thank prime minister modi for kicking off the projects.
gadkari, however, clarified that he had no business dealings with mallya, who faces extradition from the uk for alleged bank fraud and money laundering amounting to an estimated rs 9,000 crore.
for 40 years mallya had regularly paid interests on loans.
after entering the aviation sector he started facing problems, and suddenly he became a thief?
if a person repays the interest for 50 years, and if he defaults once, then suddenly everything is fraud?
vijay mallya chats with the media outside the westminster magistrates court in london on monday, december 10, 2018 apthe union road transport and highways minister said the loan he was referring to had been taken from the maharashtra government-owned sicom 40 years ago, which mallya repaid on time.
but if the mistakes are bona fide, because of global or internal factors in the economy like a recession, then that person who is facing difficulties must be given support.
if (fugitive diamantaire) nirav modi or vijay mallyaji have committed fraud then send them to jail, but whoever comes in distress, and if we label them as fraudster then our economy will not progress, gadkari added.
earlier this week, a london court ordered mallyas extradition.
earlier on thursday, mallya congratulated young champions sachin pilot and jyotiraditya scindia for the congresss electoral victories.
our correspondenta stretch of the polluted mahananda river in siligurisiliguri: siliguri mayor asok bhattacharya will meet the union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari later this week and will appeal to him to include mahananda action plan under national council for river ganga (rejuvenation, protection and management) (ncrg).
the mayor will visit delhi on june 14 and june 15 to attend a meeting of the all india mayor council and has already sought an appointment from the union minister's office.
bhattacharya, while speaking on the issue, said the mahananda river that flows across siliguri is dying due to pollution of the water and dumping of wastes.
the river is a tributary to ganga and thus the mahananda action plan should be implemented to conserve it, he said.
given the pitiable state of mahananda in siliguri, the state and agencies like siliguri jalpaiguri development authority should immediately take necessary initiatives with the central government so that it can be included under ncrg and the mahananda action plan can be implemented.
it is unfortunate that representatives of the state government, particularly ministers and mlas, have remained silent on the issue and have instead, indulged in a political blame game by raising fingers at the local civic body, said the mayor.
asok bhattacharya, the mayorthis alleged silence of the state, he said, has prompted him to call on the centre.
the mahananda action plan was taken up around five years back by sjda to conserve the river.
it was decided to clean jorapani and fuleswari, two rivulets which also flow through the town.
however, as the scam at sjda came to surface, the project has come to a halt.
even the eastern zone bench of the national green tribunal has expressed concern over the river and has passed a set of instructions to the administration and the civic body.
the mayor also said that on wednesday, he will try to meet state minister for municipal affairs and urban development firhad hakim.
i will be at the assembly on wednesday and have plans to meet the minister to speak on the issue and also for funds which the state is yet to release to us, he said.
front page > odisha > odisha briefs odisha briefs bypoll challenge cuttack: a petition was filed in orissa high court on tuesday challenging the election of ruling bjds pratyusha rajeswari singh from kandhamal lok sabha constituency.
udra madhav ray, who lost the election as the bjp candidate, challenged prastyushas election on the ground that she is allegedly a citizen of nepal, where she was born, too.
new bridge bhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on tuesday wrote a letter to union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for the construction of a second bridge over river brahmani near rourkela on the biramitrapur-barkote section of nh-143 as the old bridge is in a poor condition.
gurungs meeting with gadkari in new delhi on wednesday.
telegraph picture darjeeling, aug.
13: bimal gurung for the first time took a team of gta officials to delhi to discuss development projects with central ministers today, barely a month after mamata banerjee spoke of bipartite talks with between the state government and the hill body.
nobody from the gorkha janmukti morcha, which controls the gta, or in the hill body itself wanted to say anything officially about the meetings.
sources in the hills said gurungs move was an indication that he has more faith in the centre than the state government.
a senior state government official said in calcutta that gurungs meeting with the centre would have no bearing on the bilateral talks promised by chief minister mamata banerjee.
their meetings in delhi will not have an impact, positive or negative, on the bilateral talks promised.
.
.
.
we were waiting for the new principal secretary (of the gta) to join, which happened three-four days ago.
we have asked them for a suitable date for the meeting, once that is finalised, we will hold the bipartite talks as planned, said the nabanna official.
mamata, during her visit to darjeeling on july 18, had said the state would hold a bipartite meeting with the gta within a month, followed by a tripartite meeting, to discuss issues related to the gta.
whenever gurung had travelled to delhi to meet union ministers before today, no gta official was with him.
the gta chief executive today met union minister of road transport and highway nitingadkari gadkari, minister for tourism shripad yesso naik and prakash javadekar, the minister of state (independent charge) for environment forests and climate change.
gta secretary don bosco lepcha, executive director for road topden bhutia, executive director of tourism sonam bhutia, executive engineer kishore ghimiray and assistant engineer of gta nayan rai were with gurung.
apart from the gta officials, gurung was accompanied by roshan giri, binay tamang and p.t. ola, all executive gta sabha members.
darjeeling mp s.s ahluwalia was present at the meetings.
an email sent by gurung to the media said many projects had been discussed in detail at the meeting with gadkari and they would be implemented soon in the gta area.
it was decided at the meeting that an alternative 85km national highway from siliguri to darjeeling via mirik along the balason river would be built.
gurung said 672km of roads would be built to connect remote areas under the gta and there would also be the construction of 112 bridges.
the mail said that there would be immediate steps to repair the coronation bridge and nh55 with special focus on tindharia.
regarding the discussions with naik, gurung wrote: the following projects were discussed in detail with the tourism minister and will be implemented soon in the gta area.
the projects discussed the tourism ministers are: establishment of hospitality and tourism management institute, establishment of a gorkha house at new delhi, funds for sidrapong hydel project, ropeways in kalimpong, darjeeling, mirik, kurseong along with thirty new projects for darjeeling.
the gta chief said javedekar had been requested to transfer the administration of reserved forest to the gta as agreed upon in the gta deal.
prohibitory orders the kurseong administration clamped prohibitory orders over a 155acre plot at ambootia tea estate following a dispute over the land between garden management and a cinchona plantation.
the order came into force yesterday evening and would be in place for 60 days.
subdivisional officer, kalimpong, u. swaroop, said: i have issued prohibitory orders under section 144 (crpc) on 155 acres at ambootia as both the garden management and the director of cinchona plantations are laying claim over the land.
following the orders, no one will be allowed to carry on any work in the area.
samuel rai, director, cinchona and other medical plantations, said the plot had been handed over to them in 1977.
but early this year, when they started planting cinchona on six acres of the total land, ambootia garden laid claim to the entire 155 acres.
we were told the land belongs to m/s hritik investment pvt limited.
we have records to show it was transferred to the plantation.
when the land was transferred to the gta in 2012, the plot was mentioned in the notification as part of cinchona plantation, he said.
sanjay bansal, managing director of hritik investment pvt ltd, a sister concern of ambootia tea group, that runs the garden, said: in the 1970s, the administration initiated a process to reclaim the land from ambootia estate.
the process was never completed.
in 1996, we applied for the plot and we got it in 2007.
cinchona plantation on 26,000 hectare is spread over rongo and mungsong in kalimpong subdivision and mungpoo and latpanchar in kurseong subdivision.
it employs 5,350 workers and 1,272 others.
swaroop said the administration would soon call a meeting to verify the claims of both the parties.
telangana chief minister k. chandrashekar rao meets his kerala counterpart pinarayi vijayan, at the latter's residence, in thiruvananthapuram, monday, may 6, 2019.
(pti)chief minister pinarayi vijayan said on tuesday that he had discussed national politics with his telangana counterpart k. chandrashekar rao and that the trs leader felt regional parties would come to power after the lok sabha elections.
asked about the meeting between the two leaders after rao flew down to kerala capital thiruvananthapuram on monday, the cpm politburo member said: it was a very important meeting.
he discussed todays national politics.
in his views, both fronts (the nda and the upa) wont get a clear majority and regional parties will come to power.
i thought they were good views as states are facing problems as the spirit of federalism is being denied, he said, asked what he thought of the meeting with rao, who had been trying to forge a non-bjp, non-congress alliance at the centre.
the left parties had launched a strident attack on the congress and its president rahul gandhi after he decided to contest the lok sabha polls from wayanad in addition to amethi in uttar pradesh.
the two-hour meeting was held at cliff house, the official residence of the kerala chief minister.
trs mps santosh kumar and vinod kumar were also present.
rao is on a two-day visit of kerala along with his wife shobha and their two grandchildren.
rao is scheduled to meet dmk chief m.k. stalin in chennai on may 13.
rao and karnataka chief minister h.d. kumaraswamy of the jds have also spoken over the phone.
vijayan on tuesday accused the sangh parivar of trying to destroy kerala and its progressive values by blocking development projects.
the sangh parivar has always tried hard to destroy the development and progressive values kerala has achieved so far, the cpm politburo member told a media conference in state capital thiruvananthapuram.
finance minister t.m. thomas isaac had on monday accused kerala bjp president p.s. sreedharan pillai of writing to the centre to stall land acquisition for the widening of a key national highway.
pillai denied the charges and said he had only suggested to union road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari that land acquisition be halted in a flood-hit area in ernakulam.
we all know about the vilification campaign the sangh parivar has unleashed to portray kerala as the worst state in india, vijayan said, referring to the repeated attacks on the state and its secular culture.
but the people of kerala stood united, he added, alluding to the many instances of religious amity displayed by malayalis.
the people of kerala have the common sense to identify those who are working against the state.
they should be ready to oppose such campaigns against the state, the chief minister said, urging people to isolate those who were trying to destroy the state and its values.
the centre has repeatedly interfered to ensure we dont get relief offered by countries like the uae, vijayan said, referring to the gulf nations offer of rs 700 crore in the aftermath of the worst floods in kerala in a century that left more than 400 dead and washed away thousands of homes and livestock last year.
vijayan accused the nda government of ignoring the states fervent appeals for help to mitigate the sufferings of the people on several occasions.
after cyclone ockhi left a trail of devastation (in early 2018), we had sought a relief package of rs 7,340 crore.
but they gave just rs 133 crore and even deducted rs 21.
30 crore from that, the chief minister said.
after the floods, we had sought rs 5160.
70 crore and a special package of rs 5,000 crore.
but what we got was just rs 2,904.
85 crore.
now we will have to pay rs 265.
74 for the rice and kerosene (supplied by the centre as interim relief), vijayan said.
the sangh parivar is one organisation that made no contribution to kerala and its development.
they only tried to destroy all that we stand for.
new delhi, oct.
5: arvind kejriwal and prashant bhushan, who launched their political party this week, today alleged that realty major dlf had sweetened land deals worth rs 300 crore for robert vadra in return for favours from the congress governments in delhi, haryana and rajasthan.
the congress responded swiftly, lining up senior ministers ambika soni, salman khurshid and jayanthi natarajan, who defended the right of sonia gandhis son-in-law to do business like any other citizen and questioned the motive of the activist-turned-politician duo.
everyone has the right to do (their) own business.
robert vadra is also a citizen of the country and he has the right to do any business.
making a charge without submitting any proof of wrongdoing is not acceptable, information and broadcasting minister soni said, speaking after the partys weekly core group meeting that decided to confront the allegations.
a dlf spokesperson said the business relationship with vadra was completely transparent and conducted to the highest standards of ethics.
kejriwal and bhushan had alleged that between 2007 and 2010, dlf had helped companies wholly owned by vadra and his mother maureen with interest-free unsecured loans of rs 65 crore, against a seed capital of merely rs 50 lakh, to purchase 13 properties worth rs 300 crore at throwaway prices.
most of these properties were bought from dlf itself in rajasthan, haryana and delhi, the duo alleged at a news conference this afternoon.
the three congress governments favoured dlf in return, particularly haryana, which gave a 350-acre plot acquired in public interest in gurgaon to the company to develop a golf course and the dlf magnolia apartment blocks, they alleged.
kejriwal and bhushan waved documents they claimed were already in the public domain and sourced from the registrar of companies.
bhushan said five of the 12 companies that vadra and his mother wholly own didnt transact any business between 2007 to 2010 except receiving loans from dlf and laundering these loans to purchase properties from dlf itself.
the two demanded an independent probe, and argued that a strong lokpal could have conducted it.
the allegations are not new, and had earlier appeared in march 2011.
soni said in srinagar: kejriwal has been in public life for long.
why did not he present proof to the authorities whose duty is to investigate it?
he has announced a political party which is planning to contest elections in delhi.
therefore they want to bolster their image .
what is his locus standi?
as a citizen he has to give proof, she said.
the transactions of dlf and vadra are open to public scrutiny as they regularly file income tax and wealth returns, the congress leader said.
law minister khurshid said the business relationship of an individual should not be used to attack our leadership and that no one had stopped scrutiny of the charges levelled.
politicians can get many things done that others cant, but that is not corruption, he further said.
environment minister natarajan termed the charges most shameful and below the belt and accused the duo of using the cheapest form of publicity-seeking.
bjp muted as kejriwal and bhushan hurled charge after charge at vadra, the bjp should have been celebrating.
instead, it was worrying about the fresh controversy that party chief nitingadkari gadkari has landed in.
the congress today released a letter written by gadkari on july 30 to union water resources minister p.k. bansal, asking for rs 400 crore to be released to the contractors hired to construct the gosekhurd dam in vidarbha.
one of the contractors is gadkaris friend and mp ajay sancheti.
sancheti was earlier charged with getting a coal block in chhattisgarh in questionable circumstances.
sources said a section in the party also believes that attacking families of politicians was unfair game and has been embarrassed by narendra modis personal attacks on the gandhis, especially his question on who paid for sonias treatment abroad.
when kejriwal signed off his press conference warning that another political heavyweight would be under the scanner on october 10, the bjp seemed discomfited.
khanna notice mumbai, nov.
8: a court will hear rajesh khannas girlfriend anita advanis complaint against his wife dimple kapadia, daughters twinkle and rinke and son-in-law akshay kumar on november 27.
advani, in a plea under the domestic violence act, said she was evicted from khannas bungalow by his family after his death.
her lawyer said advani had stayed with the actor as his partner for last seven years and taken care of him.
film row new delhi: the competition appellate tribunal has ordered an inquiry into ajay devgns complaint against yash raj films that it was abusing its market position to get more screens for jab tak hai jaan.
ajay devgn films has warned that if the inquiry vindicated their stand, they would take on yrf with the rest of bollywood.
gadkari visit new delhi: nitingadkari gadkari on thursday visited l.k. advani at his residence to wish him on his 85th birthday.
witnesses said gadkari even touched advanis feet and sought his blessing.
advani was taken aback because the bjp president had refused to see him for the last two days, sources said.
bhatt charged jamnagar (pti): a jamnagar court has framed charges of murder and other offences against suspended gujarat ips officer sanjiv bhatt and six policemen in a 22-year-old case of custodial torture.
prabhudas vaishnani had allegedly succumbed to injuries inflicted on him while in custody.
rti junked jabalpur (pti): madhya pradeshs general administration department has rejected an rti plea seeking data on chief minister shivraj singh chouhans foreign tours saying the applicant had not mentioned the name with regard to whom he sought information.
khurshid on uk aid new delhi, nov.
8: foreign minister salman khurshid said india doesnt need developmental aid from the uk after a meeting with his british counterpart today.
however, khurshid added the issue of britain deciding to slash its developmental aid did not feature in their discussions which involved cyber security.
aid is past, trade is future, the former law minister said.
maxis deal new delhi: the cbi has told the supreme court the probe into the aircel-maxis deal, allegedly involving ex-minister dayanidhi maran, in the 2g scam may have to be closed if it fails to get co-operation and evidence from malaysia.
rte deadline new delhi: an apex advisory panel on education headed by m.m. pallam raju has rejected a demand by certain states to extend the three- year deadline for the implementation of the rte act.
the deadline expires on march 31, 2013.
malala diary thiruvananthapuram (pti): a kerala based publishing house has brought out a malayalam translation of the diary of malala yousafzai, the teenage activist who was shot by the taliban and is undergoing treatment in london.
our special correspondentpatna: the centre wants to speed up projects under namami ganga in bihar.
the director-general, national mission for clean ganga (nmcg), rajiv ranjan mishra, held a review meeting on tuesday in new delhi about projects in bihar under the namami gange programme and urged the officials of the state government, executing agencies and contractors to expedite the work.
prime minister narendra modi had visited bihar in october last year and april this year and laid the foundation stone for sewerage plants in bihar.
in bihar, presently 29 projects are sanctioned which are at various stages of implementation at a sanctioned cost of rs 4,942.
13 crore.
in the meeting, it was decided that tenders will be called on sewerage projects in munger, hajipur, begusarai and bhagalpur by the end of this month.
mishra reviewed the progress of eight projects for which modi had laid the foundation stone in mokama and motihari on october 14, 2017 and april 10, 2018 respectively.
while in mokama, the foundat ion stone was laid for four projects in beur and karmalichak sewerage zones of patna, in motihari, modi laid the foundation stone for four projects in pahari and saidpur zones of patna.
the union minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, nitingadkari gadkari, had said during the signing of the concession agreement for the mathura project on june 13, 2018 that the government is determined to clean the tributaries of ganga.
during tuesday's meeting with mishra, a detailed discussion was carried out on the projects being taken up on the tributaries of the ganga in bihar.
the towns in bihar for which detailed project reports (dprs) are being prepared are supaul, madhepura, samastipur, arwal, gopalganj, bagaha, lakhisarai and jamui.
these projects will be taken up on the kosi, burhi gandak, mahananda, sone, gandak, kiul and bagmati tributaries of the ganga.
mishra, along with other senior officials, took stock of the progress of all projects going on in bihar under the namami gange programme.
apart from the representatives of the state government and the executing agencies, the meeting was also attended by the representatives of contractors.
urging the state government officials to ensure that deadlines are adhered to, mishra exhorted the contractors to expedite the work and keep to the deadline of the projects.
imphal, jan.
17: the bjp is lending glamour to its campaigning in manipur by sending two celebrity mps, smriti irani and hema malini, to woo voters ahead of the january 28 assembly elections.
irani, famous for her role in tv serial kyunki saas bhi kabhi bahu thi, and bollywoods dream girl hema malini will address election rallies in different constituencies tomorrow and the day after.
irani, president of bjp mahila morcha, is already in imphal and attended a media briefing at the party office this afternoon.
bjp spokesperson prakash javedkar said irani would address two election rallies in thoubal district tomorrow.
hema malini will address four election rallies in imphal east and imphal west on january 19.
the two celebrities are expected to draw huge crowds.
along with these two leaders, the bjp will be sending former vice-chairperson of rajya sabha najma heptulla and party president nitingadkari gadkari to campaign for the party.
the bjp is fielding 19 candidates and having an electoral alliance with the major opposition party, manipur peoples party, in this election.
the bjp has no member in the current assembly and is working hard to change that equation.
the bjp today produced a chargesheet called dark decade against secular progressive front ministry, led by chief minister okram ibobi singh.
we are submitting this chargesheet before the peoples court in manipur.
the points contained in the chargesheet are already known to people of the state and none of the charges are created by the bjp.
the chargesheet is to remind people of the sufferings they endured during the 10-year rule of the spf government, javedkar said.
the ibobi singh government itself became the worst scam in the country.
it can easily find a place in the guinness book of world records, the chargesheet stated.
it further said bandhs and blockades had become the order of the day and any organisation could call a bandh and hold manipur to ransom under the ibobi singh government.
the chargesheet said petrol cost rs 180 per litre, diesel rs 90 and cooking gas cylinders rs 1,500 during the blockades last year.
javedkar said the worst crime committed by the government was creation of trust deficit among various communities and adoption of divide-and-rule policy.
new delhi, aug.
24: india will host the presidents of egypt and myanmar over the next 10 days, the otherwise unrelated visits linked by a threat of concern running through new delhi's strategic establishment: the growing proximity of historically close friends to strategic rival china.
egyptian president abdel fattah al sisi will be feted by president pranab mukherjee, vice-president hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi and foreign minister sushma swaraj during his three-day visit starting september 1, the foreign office said today.
but the government carefully omitted that sisi will be in india en route to china for the g20 summit, where president xi jinping has invited the egyptian leader as a special guest even though his country is not a member of the club of giant economies.
myanmar president u. htin kyaw and his wife su su lwin are also expected to visit new delhi, possibly by the end of this month, senior officials familiar with the planning for the trip have said.
the visit by kyaw will be the first major trip to india by a leader of the new government of the national league for democracy headed by nobel laureate aung san suu kyi.
like egypt, traditionally one of india's closest friends because of the non-aligned movement the leaders of the two countries - india's jawaharlal nehru and egpyt's gamal abdel nasser - started, suu kyi has historically been close to india.
but suu kyi, who is foreign minister in the new government - the constitution enacted during the previous junta government's rule forbids her from holding the president - visited china last weekend, and will travel to india only in october, officials said.
myanmar and india are important to each other regardless of china, former indian ambassador to myanmar rajiv bhatia told the telegraph.
but china's dynamism with the new myanmar government, which is very visible over the past few months, makes it all the more urgent for india to engage with myanmar significantly.
the modi administration has tried to reach out to both egypt and myanmar, in its two years in power.
last year, modi first sent transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to cairo to invite sisi to the india africa forum summit hosted by new delhi in october.
sushma followed gadkari with a second visit to reinforce the importance india placed on sisi visiting new delhi for the africa meet.
initially reluctant, sisi eventually did attend the africa summit.
in september, modi had also met sisi in new york on the margins of the un general assembly.
but by then, sisi, who came to power by overthrowing the muslim brotherhood-led government of mohammed morsi, had already turned to china as a key strategic and economic partner, and had visited beijing in december 2014.
and in january this year, chinese vice-minister for foreign affairs zhang ming visited cairo to invite sisi for the g20 summit that starts in hangzhou on september 4.
sisi accepted the invitation.
india had successfully tapped into myanmar's desire to avoid depending too much on any one friend, to deepen ties with the military junta that ruled the country before suu kyi's party won landmark elections late last year.
suu kyi too has indicated her desire to maintain a balance between india, china, japan, the us and the association of southeast asian nations (asean) - myanmar's five most influential diplomatic relationships, traditionally.
the myanmar side would also want to not be seen as leaning one way or the other, bhatia said.
she (suu kyi, widely believed to be the real power centre in myanmar), has said she wants a non-aligned foreign policy, and she will seek balanced relations.
but while chinese foreign minister wang yi visited nay pyi taw in april - weeks after the new government there was sworn in, sushma, who once had to postpone a visit because she was unwell, travelled there only in august, four months later.
no indian cabinet minister had till then visited myanmar since the new government took over - minister of state for commerce nirmala sitharaman was the senior-most leader to visit.
on myanmar, india also faces another disadvantage compared to china.
suu kyi has made clear that her top priority is to resolve the ethnic wars that have ravaged myanmar.
she has appointed former un secretary general kofi annan as the head of a reconciliation panel that will starting the end of this month hold talks with rebel groups.
many of these rebel groups have in the past sought support from china, and beijing, during suu kyi's recent visit, convinced a bunch of these groups to join the month-end reconciliation meet.
india has no similar leverage with myanmar - and in fact depends on the country for help in tackling militant groups that reside there.
on the ethnic issue, myanmar is dependent on china for cooperation, while on pour border, it is we who depend on myanmar for cooperation, bhatia said.
that's an imbalance we have to deal with.
march 23: the bjp was left red-faced today when its karnataka unit recruited a vigilante group chief, only for a surprised central leadership to revoke the step after an outcry even among pro-bjp twitterati.
pramod muthalik heads the sri ram sene, known for beating up women pub-goers and young couples in parks, vandalising restaurants for allowing valentines day celebrations, and attacking churches during the erstwhile bjp rule in karnataka.
a byword for bigotry, the 51-year-old  who made global news when young indian women mailed him hundreds of pink chaddis (briefs) as part of a campaign  seems to have been too far controversial even for a narendra modi-led bjp.
party sources claimed the top brass knew nothing about his induction, and tried to use the development to blacken the l.k. advani camp, locked in a tussle with the current pro-modi dispensation.
they claimed the operation had been planned by general secretary ananth kumar and his acolyte prahlad joshi, the state unit chief, in tandem with advani and sushma swaraj to discredit modi and show him up as a hindutva hardliner.
just when modi is trying hard to keep his focus on development and governance, this trio is putting spokes in the wheel.
i swear joshi would not have done this without ananths blessings, a karnataka bjp source said.
ananth was not available for a response.
the bjps political opponents had been quick to react.
a congress spokesperson highlighted the phenomenal expose on the bjps true colours and the aam aadmi party accused the bjp of wooing regressive elements to polarise voters.
even pro-bjp netizens created a link called no muthalik to marshal opposition to his entry.
so, hours after joshi, former chief minister jagadish shettar and senior leader k.s. eshwarappa had exchanged sweets, smiles and pats with muthalik and a statement had confirmed his entry, the state bjp sent out a retraction.
it said: due to various reasons, induction of pramod muthalik has been set aside under central party direction by the state president prahlad joshi.
sources said muthalik might respond tomorrow.
goa spanner a goa bjp source said that a phone call from chief minister manohar parrikar to party president rajnath singh, demanding muthaliks induction be immediately scrapped, had stirred the party brass into action.
parrikar had tried hard to grow a secular and inclusive image before the 2012 goa elections and succeeded partially.
he realised that muthaliks entry would rattle his states christians who remember the sene attacks on churches and christian homes in karnataka districts bordering goa.
in july 2012, when muthalik had threatened to come to goa and do a karnataka repeat, parrikar had warned him he would be arrested on the border.
the sene chief stayed away.
sources said that rajnath, arun jaitley and nitingadkari gadkari exchanged notes after parrikars call and rang the karnataka leaders.
the sources admitted that episodes of this kind raised the question whether the modi wave was a myth.
people are saying, if there is a modi wave, why are our candidates resorting to desperate tactics like this one?
a party official said.
second attempt in the run-up to last years assembly polls, muthalik had tried to persuade the bjp to field him from belgaum north, but objections from the local leadership had sunk his attempt.
this time, following modis spate of visits to the state, muthalik had threatened to contest from hubli-dharwad against sitting mp joshi to teach the bjp a lesson for going soft on the real agenda.
joshi was apparently seriously worried that muthalik, a marathi speaker from belgaum, would lure away the hard-core hindu votes.
at the induction, muthalik announced the senes merger into the bjp and said: i have joined in keeping with the instructions of the sangh parivar as we all want to make narendra modi the next prime minister.
he did not explain what instructions he had received and from whom.
the former bajrang dal member was part of the shiv sena in 2005 before he started the sene a year later.
he is yet to contest an election.
manohar parrikar new delhi, nov.
5: goa chief minister manohar parrikar is most likely to take over as defence minister when narendra modi shuffles/expands his cabinet for the first time since assuming charge as prime minister this may.
the former iit-ian, labelled as one of the bjps chilled-out politicians, was in delhi last week to call on modi.
he was here again today to meet the prime minister and party president amit shah.
initially, parrikar did not deny suggestions that he would be inducted.
i can comment on it only after meeting the prime minister.
let the prime minister who has invited me comment, he said.
however, after his meeting with prime minister narendra modi, parrikar said: i have not discussed nor has he discussed anything about that.
so, as of now the issue is dead.
the news is dead.
parrikar had fought a hard battle to wrest goa in 2012 by reaching out to the christian community, fielding many minority candidates and ensuring their victory.
he was among the first who had publicly endorsed modi as the partys prime ministerial candidate.
the shuffle/expansion  that could take place on november 9 just before modi leaves on a long overseas trip  is his first effort to hive off work from ministers who hold two or more portfolios and enhance the size of his council by anything between five and 11, political sources said.
those in the over-burdened slot include arun jaitley, nitingadkari gadkari, m. venkaiah naidu, prakash javadekar, ravi shankar prasad and nirmala sitharaman.
they could be left with one or, at the most, two departments.
jaitley has been dividing his time between two high-profile ministries  defence and finance and corporate affairs  housed 100 metres apart in the south and north blocks.
in the run-up to the general budget in february, jaitley may be concentrating on finance with a new junior minister, jayant sinha, a former us-based investment fund manager.
the hazaribagh mps father, yashwant, was a finance minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government.
his state, jharkhand, will vote to elect a new government in elections starting later this month.
if sinha is inducted, nirmala, jaitleys deputy in finance, will be left with commerce and corporate affairs but gifted with an elevation as a full-fledged cabinet minister.
modis idea in originally allocating multiple ministries to a single person was to rationalise the size of his government and possibly dovetail operational areas, such as shipping with road transport and highways, and urban development with housing and urban poverty alleviation.
sources said modi never quite saw his concepts translated into action.
some of his ministers never got the big picture because they were allegedly entangled in finding jobs for loyalists or fixing the politics in their home states.
javadekar, minister of state with independent charge of information and broadcasting and environment and forest and climate change, might have either but, like nirmala, could make the cut as a cabinet minister.
delhi mp and bjp spokesperson meenakshi lekhi might fill one of the vacancies.
like jharkhand, delhi will poll shortly.
prasad functions as law and justice and communications and information technology minister.
road transport and shipping minister gadkari is likely to be divested of rural development and drinking water and sanitation, that was handed over to him after maharashtra leader gopinath mundes sudden death.
naidu has parliamentary affairs as well as urban development, housing and urban poverty alleviation.
bjp sources said modi had a major problem.
that is lack of talent and absence of people who can cope with his energy levels.
that is why he has had to turn to the states to meet the shortfall and bring in parrikar, a source said.
bihars feisty mp giriraj singh, who became an embarrassment after he spoke out against muslims, has made it to the list of probables.
rajasthan  that saw one lone and controversial induction of a rape accused, nihalchand meghwal  might have another representative, jodhpur mp gajendra singh shekhawat.
bjp nagpur parliamentary candidate nitingadkari gadkari shows his finger marked with indelible ink after casting vote during the 1st phase of the general elections in nagpur on thursday, april 11, 2019.
(pti)voting began on thursday morning in the first phase of the seven-phase lok sabha polls in which five union ministers are key contestants.
the bharatiya janata party will look to defend 32 of the 91 seats in 18 states and two union territories.
the congress is hoping to defend seven seats that it won in 2014 and is looking for major gains in andhra pradesh, maharashtra, chhattisgarh, uttarakhand and uttar pradesh.
voting is also underway in 175 assembly seats in andhra pradesh, 32 in sikkim, 57 in arunachal pradesh and 28 seats in odisha.
polling in all the lok sabha constituencies of andhra pradesh (25), telangana (17), uttarakhand (5), meghalaya (2) and arunachal pradesh (2) besides lone seats in mizoram, tripura, manipur, nagaland, sikkim, andaman and nicobar, and lakshadweep is being held.
eight seats in uttar pradesh, seven in maharashtra, four rpt four in bihar, five in assam, four in odisha, two each in jammu and kashmir and west bengal and one seat in chhattisgarh are also going to polls.
voting for 543 lok sabha seats will be held in seven phases: april 11, april 18, april 23, april 29, may 6, may 12 and may 19.
counting will be done on may 23.
prime minister narendra modi is seeking another term in power, focusing his election campaign on national security, farm revival and job creation.
the ruling party has made a slew of promises including expeditious construction of ram temple and scrapping article 370 that gives special status to jammu and kashmir.
seeking to wrest power from the bjp, the congress has promised to roll out the nyay scheme to provide a minimum basic income of rs. 72,000 a year for three years to the poorest strata.
the congress under rahul gandhi has been relentlessly targeting the modi government and has accused it of corruption.
union ministers nitingadkari gadkari (nagpur), kiren rijuju (arunachal west), v.k. singh (ghaziabad), mahesh sharma (gautam buddh nagar), hansraj ahir (chandrapur in maharashtra) and satyapal singh (baghpat) are the key central leaders testing their electoral fortunes.
congress leader renuka chowdary (khammam), aimim president asaduddin owaisi (hyderabad), state congress president n. uttam kumar reddy (nalgonda) and daughter of trs president k. chandrasekhar rao, are among the prominent candidates.
in andhra pradesh, strong anti-incumbency, caste and corruption are the major factors that could determine the outcome of the elections to lok sabha and the state assembly as over 3.
93 crore voters get to exercise their franchise.
this is the first general election in the state after the bifurcation of andhra pradesh in 2014.
polling for all 25 lok sabha and 175 assembly seats will be held simultaneously.
there are 2,118 candidates for the state polls and 319 for the lok sabha elections.
telegu desam party chief and cm n. chandrababu naidu will be seeking election from kuppam, while his son nara lokesh is making his electoral debut from mangalagiri.
ysr congress chief y.s. jaganmohan reddy, an aspirant for the cm's post, is fighting from his family's pocketborough pulivendula.
in 2014, the tdp won 101, ysrc 68, bjp four, navodayam party one and an independent one in the state polls.
in lok sabha seats, the tdp bagged 15, ysrc eight and bjp two.
all 17 lok sabha seats in telangana will go to polls in phase-one.
the telangana rashtra samithi having swept the december assembly polls is hoping for an encore in the company of aimim while the opposition congress and bjp appear to be focused on winning select number of seats.
there are 443 candidates in the fray.
the nizamabad lok sabha constituency is a special case as 185 candidates, including over 170 farmers, are in the fray.
in uttar pradesh on eight seats the ruling bjp will clash with the newly-formed sp-bsp-rld alliance.
in muzaffarnagar, rashtriya lok dal chief ajit singh will take on bjp's sanjeev balyan.
his son jayant chaudhary is fielded against union minister satyapal singh in baghpat.
seven lok sabha seats in maharashtra will go to polls, with union minister gadkari locked in a battle with congress's nana patole, a former bjp mp.
union minister and bjp leader, hansaraj ahir is seeking a fourth term from chandrapur.
in bihar, four lok sabha seats will see polling on thursday.
ljp leader chirag paswan is contesting from jamui reserved seat.
he is the sitting mp and is locked in a virtual straight contest with bhudeo chaudhary of rlsp.
in the north east, of the two seats in arunachal pradesh union minister rijiju is seeking re-election from arunachal west.
five seats in assam will go to polls, with former cm tarun gogoi's son gaurav gogoi testing poll waters from kaliabor.
in chhattisgarh where one lok sabha seat, bastar, is going to polls, security has been tightened following a naxal attack in the constituency's dantewada area on tuesday.
a bjp leader and four security personnel were killed.
sixty lakh voters in odisha will exercise their franchise in the first phase of polls for four lok sabha and 28 assembly seats thursday.
the first phase of polls will decide the fate of 217 candidates.
there are 26 hopefuls in fray for lok sabha seats and 191 for assembly seats.
akhilesh yadav on monday said the opposition had many potential prime ministers, clarified he was not in the race and suggested the bjp choose a new face because the country wanted a replacement for narendra modi.
it is the people who decide a prime minister.
i can say that the people are looking for a change.
so, even the bjp should come out with a new face, the samajwadi party president said.
samajwadi sources claimed that akhileshs father and party patron mulayam singh yadav had told them last week that the rss was toying with the idea of backing nitingadkari gadkari for prime minister if the bjp fell a little short of majority.
reporters had asked akhilesh on monday who he thought would be the next prime minister and whether he was trying to be the face of the opposition.
im not in the race.
but i can say that there is no dearth of popular leaders in the opposition and you will see it when the time comes, he said.
he added that modi had failed on every front and that the people were looking for a new pm.
akhilesh has in recent weeks been urging party members to work towards making mulayam the prime minister.
a week ago, as the samajwadis and the bahujan samaj party announced their alliance, he had dodged the question whether he would accept mayawati as prime minister.
akhilesh had shared the dais with leaders of 22 other opposition parties at a unity show hosted by bengal chief minister mamata banerjee at calcuttas brigade parade grounds on saturday.
rajesh mohantyvehicles ply on brahmani bridge.
picture by uttam kumar palrourkela: bjp mla dilip ray has once again raised his concerns about the two projects - construction of the second brahmani bridge and making igh a super-specialty hospital - in the city.
prime minister narendra modi had made promises in this regard during his two visits to the city.
ray on march 29 drew the prime minister's attention towards the most-awaited projects.
reminding modi about his promises, ray said: there is a strong perception amongst the people that a powerful force is trying to sabotage the entire situation thus putting the people into further inconvenience.
the bridge work is believed to be sandwiched between allegation and counter-allegation between the bjd-led state government and the bjp-led centre.
the nhai was not initiating the work as land acquisition due to forest clearance was delaying it.
however, ray said: the state government, on its part, has issued the forest and other clearances, and they, too, are of the view that the proposed bridge does not need any clearance.
its work should have been started by now.
but it's not so because of some unknown reasons.
on the super-specialty facility, ray said: many senior doctors have recently retired, and the strength of medicos from 107 has come down below 90.
this is causing severe inconvenience to patients.
however, the igh is acting like a referral hospital instead of providing speciality treatment.
it was also decided to upgrade a few branches such as cardiac, neuro and oncology, but nothing has taken place so far, he said.
#ray said he had met modi and union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and dharmendra pradhan six to seven times over these two issues.
rourkela development authority chairman sarada prasad nayak termed ray's concern as shedding of crocodile's tears.
he asked.
subhashish mohantynitin gadkaribhubaneswar: the state government on thursday rejected union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari's offer for fresh negotiations to settle the mahanadi water-sharing dispute.
finance minister sashi bhusan behera said: we reject the proposal for fresh talk.
without a delay, the centre should form a tribunal.
sharpening its attack on the centre, bjd general secretary sanjay das burma described gadkari as a spokesperson of the chhattisgarh government.
he also announced a 10-day-long agitation from monday to demand enhancement of minimum support price (msp) for paddy.
das burma said: gadkari's stand of setting up a tribunal in the next three months is only a delaying tactics and aimed at helping chhattisgarh to complete its ongoing work on barrages in the upstream of the mahanadi.
if it fails here, we will take it to the prime minister.
the centre is aware of odisha's demand for a tribunal and it will ensure that it is done in the next three months.
a composite tribunal, which will merge all the tribunals of various states is on the anvil and once that becomes a law, odisha will get a tribunal on the mahanadi dispute with chhattisgarh.
das burma said: earlier union water resources minister sanjay balian had advocated a tribunal, but on december 6 the centre rejected the need for it in the supreme court.
our special correspondentpatna: bihar will get new infrastructure projects from the centre thanks to nitingadkari gadkari, chief minister nitish kumar said on monday.
these projects will be apart from those that the state is getting in the rs 1.
25 lakh crore economic package that prime minister narendra modi had announced in 2015.
we had detailed discussions with nitingadkari gadkari ji for over five hours and projects were minutely reviewed, nitish said.
the four-lane road will be extended from varanasi to buxar via chausa.
similarly, there is a four-lane expressway from delhi to ghazipur and we requested its extension till buxar.
a four-lane bridge is also in the offing across the ganga in the area.
gadkari, the union minister of road transport and highways, had visited patna on january 29 with top officials of his ministry and held a review meeting of projects with nitish and state officials.
nitish pointed out that a mega bridge between birpur in supaul district and bihpur in bhagalpur district will be constructed.
it will span rivers such as kosi and the ganga to facilitate faster travel between the districts.
at present people have to travel for around four to five hours to travel a distance of around 180km between the two destinations.
in-principle approval has been given to a bridge over the ganga at vikramshila in bhagalpur at the meeting with gadkari ji.
construction of bakhtiyarpur-mokama four-lane road was also discussed, nitish added.
the chief minister asserted that all projects will be implemented and bihar will benefit from them.
he added that various union ministers such as of petroleum and natural gas, civil aviation, urban development and other ministries, have been visiting the state to review the implementation of infrastructure projects.
the state government has fixed a target that people from any part of bihar should be able to reach patna in five hours.
for this, construction and maintenance of roads are needed.
the centre ment will provide assistance in realising the aim, nitish said.
he also praised the union budget's provisions for farmers and the health insurance for poor people.
he refused to answer questions on his attacks on the narendra modi government at the centre during the period nitish was not with the nda.
four years of the central government have already gone and elections are due after a year, the chief minister said.
there is no benefit in raking up those things.
we took a decision in the interest of bihar.
prime minister narendra modi at the two-day bjp national convention at ramlila ground in new delhi on saturday, january 12, 2019.
(pti)the bjp will be hoping to keep the sabarimala embers hot in kerala when prime minister narendra modi opens the 13km kollam bypass on tuesday.
the cpm-led state government had earlier announced that chief minister pinarayi vijayan would inaugurate the bypass on february 2.
although the state government had not formally invited the prime minister to inaugurate the bypass, it was clear that the bjp and modi were using this development project to make political capital out of it.
the bypass will help ease the traffic flow from the capital thiruvananthapuram to the rest of the state through kollam.
it is politically significant that modi decided to open the bypass, a project equally funded by the state and the centre, a day after the makaravilakku, the most auspicious day of the mandala puja festival at the sabarimala temple.
the state bjp has been at the forefront of an agitation in the name of devotees to stall the entry of women of childbearing age into the shrine following the supreme courts september 28 verdict that scrapped all age restrictions.
since then, kerala has witnessed rampant violence and over 10 forcible shutdowns by sangh followers.
the state bjp had openly said the sabarimala issue was a golden opportunity for the party to expand its base in kerala, if not overthrow the left government.
the bjp national president, many union ministers and the prime minister in particular had egged on the state bjp by threatening overtly and covertly to dismiss the state government, though it was evident that the centre would not dare to do so when a general election is due in a matter of months.
when asked, modi had gone on record that sabarimala was about tradition and triple talaq was a matter of gender equality.
the left has been accusing n.k. premachandran, representing kollam in the lok sabha, of being instrumental in bringing modi to inaugurate the bypass,premachandran has denied any such move on his part other than saying that since the state government was deliberately delaying the project he had requested union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari to open the project at the earliest.
his party, the rsp, had walked out of the left front and joined the rival udf just before the 2014 parliamentary elections.
the bjp has alleged that the state government was trying to take credit for the bypass while it was done with the help of the central government.
hence the party wanted modi to inaugurate it.
the project opening will take place at ashram maidan.
but more important, modi will kick off the bjps election campaign in the state at an nda event, 3km away at peeranki maidan.
other than voicing his concern for the rights of sabarimala devotees and attacking the political violence unleashed by the cpm, modi is sure to address expected core supporters from the nair community.
the centres quota announcement for the economically weak among the general category in government jobs and education is a long-standing demand of the nair service society.
nss general secretary g. sukumaran nair has written to modi thanking him for initiating the move.
this is seen as open support to the bjp and modi is expected to go out of his way in wooing the community, thereby widening the existing divide between the forward and backward communities in the state.
new delhi, march 11: the bjp has been finding it difficult to name candidates for the seven lok sabha seats in delhi, with few takers in spite of the so-called narendra modi wave.
the delhi bjp unit has not even submitted a long list of candidates that the central leaders can choose from.
demoralisation following the bjps failure to win the assembly elections, the fear that the aam aadmi party has emerged as a far big challenger in delhi than the bjp imagined, and factional rivalry between local leaders harshvardhan and vijay goel are being cited as reasons.
goel was nominated to the rajya sabha from rajasthan in the hope that he would stop interfering in delhi politics.
that has not happened.
even now, goel holds meetings of his supporters in his delhi office, plans counter-strategies to contain harshvardhan and is actively lobbying to get his people lok sabha tickets, a source said.
goel was said to be working hard to get his friend and businessman, sudanshu mittal, the chandni chowk seat that is held by kapil sibal of the congress.
but this was stiffly resisted by influential leaders.
the central leaders have decided that instead of fielding veterans who have been losing elections, the bjp should begin on a clean slate and go for new faces with a celebrity quotient, sources said.
we are talking of candidates of substance, of achievers in public spheres, a source said.
sources said a tentative list includes subramanian swamy, who has the support of the rss, for new delhi; columnist and author m.j. akbar, backed by modi, for northeast delhi; former envoy hardeep puri, supported by arun jaitley, for west delhi; dalit leader udit raj for northwest delhi; vijender gupta, a jaitley nominee, from chandni chowk; and mahesh giri, backed by nitingadkari gadkari, for east delhi.
for south delhi, it is a toss-up between local jat leaders sarita chowdhury and pravesh verma, the son of former chief minister sahib singh verma.
barring gupta and the south delhi contenders, the rest have never fought an election in delhi.
they come without a baggage, they dont carry taint and have the perfect social profile to appeal to the national capital, a source said.
policewoman-turned social activist kiran bedis name was also considered but she was said to have argued that she could contribute much more to the bjp if she was outside its power structures than inside.
the bjps parliamentary board and central election committee are scheduled to meet on thursday and announce a majority of the names not just for delhi but other states as well.
guwahati, sept.
16: assam commerce and industry minister chandra mohan patowary met union minister of state for commerce and industry nirmala sitharaman in delhi today and discussed the extension of the north east industrial and investment promotion policy in order to encourage investors to invest in assam.
patowary advocated extension of the policy, which he described as a key factor in bringing an industrial revolution in assam.
the narendra modi government had suspended the policy in 2014 because of paucity of funds.
patowary also discussed financial problems faced by the tocklai tea research institute, which was established in jorhat in 1911, with the central minister.
sitharaman assured him that all problems faced by the institute will be addressed by the centre.
he proposed to the central minister that the institute should incorporate an elaborate course on tea so that students from foreign countries can come here to do research on teas.
patowary reiterated the demand for shifting the tea board headquarters from calcutta to guwahati.
sitharaman assured that she will look into the matter, he said.
patowary, who also holds the transport portfolio, met union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in the national capital last evening.
gadkari informed patowary that the world bank has sanctioned rs 100 crore for development of inland water transport, including improvement of ferry ghats and reconstruction of jetties in the state.
new delhi, sept.
15: fewer than 3 per cent of the toilets built under the governments sanitation scheme are in use and the rest have been converted into godowns, some even into temples, minister nitingadkari gadkari said today.
out of every 3.
5 lakh toilets built, (only) 10,000 are used.
the rest are used as godowns.
some toilets have been converted into temples.
gadkaris ministry of sanitation and drinking water aims to make india free of open defecation by 2019.
the ministry will announce the roadmap on october 2, the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi whose 150th year of birth will be marked in 2019.
the minister stressed the need for better technology, mainly water supply, to ensure proper use of the toilets.
the centre has set up a committee under scientist r.a. mashelkar to suggest cheaper models and better water supply systems.
according to the 2011 census, only 50 per cent households had access to sanitation facilities.
bindeshwar pathak, the founder of sulabh international which promotes sanitation drives, said government-built toilets remained unused mainly because of poor construction and lack of basics.
the government gives rs 10,000 as assistance under the nirmal bharat abhiyan scheme  which will be renamed swachh bharat abhiyan  to poor families to build toilets.
in most areas, the administration engages contractors to set up the facilities in the homes of the beneficiaries.
a world bank study had said earlier that better sanitation and hygiene could help india avoid 50 per cent of the diseases that afflict citizens.
another study in 2010 put losses resulting from the lack of sanitation facilities at $54 billion.
the impact, the study concluded, occurred in the form of diseases, loss of lives and dip in tourist numbers.
thousands die from gastroenteritis, typhoid, japanese encephalitis and other forms of encephalitis each year.
diarrhoea kills five lakh children.
there are 100 cases of viral hepatitis for every lakh people.
all of these diseases are blamed largely on poor sanitation.
gadkari, also the highways minister, touched on the land acquisition act during the media conference where he presented an assessment of his ministries performance in the first 100 days of the new government.
he said the centre planned changes in the land law to speed up road and other development projects.
new delhi, june 7: bjp president nitingadkari gadkari has again given in to narendra modis diktat and refused sanjay joshi an assignment in the party.
joshi, who was set to work in uttar pradesh after doing a brief stint during the state elections earlier this year, was virtually told he was not wanted there, said a bjp source.
uttar pradesh party workers made a beeline for his delhi residence, thinking he would have a say in the allotment of tickets for the upcoming local bodies elections.
he sounded non-committal.
i felt something was amiss.
then i was told by our leaders that joshiji will have nothing to do with our state in the future.
we need not go again to him, an aspirant from lucknow said.
a source said modi had told gadkari on the sidelines of the mumbai national executive meet last month that not only would joshi have to be dropped from the body, he should also not be handed any organisational responsibility.
the gujarat chief minister was reportedly miffed when joshi was spotted on tv leading a sit-in in delhi during the bharat bandh called by the bjp last week.
he (modi) was convinced that this was joshis way of warming himself back into the party, a source said.
sources claimed gadkari wanted to be discreet about joshis exit.
but modi insisted on a public announcement.
asked if joshi was denied an entry into uttar pradesh, a source close to gadkari replied tangentially: after his resignation was accepted, nobody has given a thought about giving him a responsibility.
our president is preoccupied with far more important matters.
but a source close to joshi said: he was looking forward to returning to lucknow and working.
theres no word yet from the party.
the rss is reportedly not inclined to render joshi, a former pracharak (whole-timer) who was defrocked after being caught in a sex cd, persona non grata.
it goes against the grain of the parivar (family).
the leaders cant be seen to let down one of their own, a source said, adding that the clean chit madhya pradesh police gave joshi in the cd controversy ought to make it easier for the sangh to rehabilitate him.
sources said his services might be used in the swadeshi jagran manch or the vanvasi kalyan asharm.
these outfits have never come in modis way in gujarat, unlike the vhp and the sanghs farmer front that confronted him on occasions.
asked why modi  who has been virtually foregrounded on the bjps national arena as its most popular face  was paranoid about joshi who he had banished from gujarat in 2002 after becoming chief minister, a source said: he thinks he is a khurrafati (mischief-maker).
actually, joshis more than that.
he is well networked with many bjp state apparatuses at every level, down to the villages.
modi knows this.
he thinks joshi can be a road-block in realising his national ambition.
but for now, the bjp and the rss have given a thumbs-up to modi and a thumbs-down to joshi.
crash claim new delhi, june 13 (pti): the family members of a 39-year-old man, who was mowed down by a truck two years ago, have been awarded over rs 34.
5 lakh by a motor accident claims tribunal in delhi.
the tribunal directed the trucks insurer to compensate the wife, two kids and mother of sanjay kumar.
kumar sustained fatal injuries.
.
.
due to rash and negligent driving of the offending vehicle, the tribunals presiding officer said.
j&k shines srinagar (pti): ten candidates from jammu and kashmir have cracked this years upsc exam.
six candidates from jammu and four from the valley have figured in the list.
the results were declared on thursday.
abid sadiq bhat, 33, from srinagar, is has been ranked 27th.
tribal report thiruvananthapuram (pti): a cag report has pointed out high number of maternal deaths and poor health of children among the tribals in keralas wayanad district, home to nearly 31 per cent of the states tribal population.
the report said that between 2008 and 2013, there were 51 maternal deaths.
highway trees new delhi (pti): the centre plans to plant 200 crore trees along the entire 1 lakh-km network of national highways across the country to generate employment, union minister for highways, shipping and rural development nitingadkari gadkari has said.
indian feat united nations (pti): an indian scientist has been elected as a member of the commission on the limits of continental shelf, a un outfit focussed on oceans.
rasik ravindra was elected during the 24th meeting of states parties of the un convention on the law of the sea here on thursday.
belt leeway thiruvananthapuram (pti): the kerala government has announced that it would not be mandatory for passengers on the rear seat of cars to wear seat belts.
the decision comes after a recent circular issued by the transport commissioner making seatbelts mandatory for all met with widespread public protests.
uphaar row plea panaji, june 13 (pti): the supreme court today refused to immediately hear a plea by realtor gopal ansal, convicted in the 1997 uphaar fire case, seeking its approval to visit london and new york on a business trip.
declining to hear the appeal, a bench of justices j.s. khehar and c. nagappan told ansal to mention the matter next week before another vacation bench.
pension hope new delhi (pti): the government is trying to ensure delivery of pension at the homes of disabled retired employees and is working on a plan to hand over the payment order on the day of retirement itself, minister of state for personnel, public grievances and pensions jitendra singh said up murder muzaffarnagar (pti): three doctors, including the owner of a private hospital here, have been arrested for allegedly sheltering the accused in the murder of local bjp leader om vir singh, police said.
singh was shot dead on june 10 while he was on morning walk.
railway drive new delhi (pti): the railways have begun a two-week long cleanliness drive in all important stations and trains.
the campaign, which began on june 7 and will conclude on june 21, includes cleaning of platforms, toilets, waiting and retiring rooms.
sea warning mumbai (pti): the municipal corporation of greater mumbai has issued an alert for tidal waves higher than 4.
5m that are likely to hit the shoreline from friday till the middle of next week.
fifteen guards will man the coast near the gateway of india from 10am to 6pm everyday and prevent people from venturing into the sea.
jaya canteen chennai (pti): gujarat government officials on friday visited an amma canteen in chennai and apparently expressed interest in replicating the model of the low-cost food chain in their state.
a similar trip was made by an egyptian delegation a fortnight ago.
amit shah calcutta, dec.
19: three senior central leaders of the bjp will take on the bengal government and the trinamul congress administratively and politically early next year.
the state unit of the bjp is planning to use the three programmes, to be attended by union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari on december 23, union finance minister arun jaitley on january 7 and bjp national president amit shah on february 1 and 2, to step up the heat on trinamul and its government.
rolling out the line-up this evening, state bjp president rahul sinha said his party would leave no stone unturned to expose trinamul and strengthen its own base in the state ahead of the civic polls next summer.
while gadkari and jaitley will take on the state government administratively, shah will boost the bjp's political battle against trinamul.
gadkariji will take part in meetings on improving roads and related infrastructure in bengal because our government at the centre does not discriminate between states on development, sinha said.
the move, sources said, was aimed at debunking mamata banerjee's allegations of the centre's step-motherly attitude towards bengal and neglect of the national highways in the state.
although gadkari will also take part in a rally to kick off the bjp's anti-corruption week (december 23 to 30) in bengal, the primary purpose of his visit is administrative.
darjeeling mp s.s. ahluwalia and other state bjp leaders will be present at the rally.
arun jaitley sinha said jaitley would hold a meeting with traders' associations and federations, besides all chambers of commerce, to learn about their concerns, if any, regarding the goods and services tax.
jaitleyji is expected to clarify the centre's stand on the proposed taxation and allay apprehensions, if any, sinha said.
according to an industrialist, january 7 is an interesting choice of date for the union finance minister's session in calcutta as on the same day, mamata is scheduled to draw the attention of participants at the bengal leads investors' summit in the city to the losses her government is likely to incur if the goods and services tax is imposed.
after the two administrative programmes, shah will come to bengal for the second time since becoming bjp chief to unleash a political offensive.
he will begin his two-day tour with a public meeting in burdwan.
nitin gadkari amitji chose burdwan because of the blast there on october 2.
the explosion revealed the blooming of terror modules in bengal, sinha said.
on february 2, shah will hold a detailed meeting with the 294 full-time officials of the bjp who have been assigned the task of overseeing the party's preparations in each assembly segment of bengal for the 2016 elections.
this meeting, to be held in calcutta, will be crucial for our strategy for bengal.
the state is at the top of amitji's priorities and the meeting is likely to be the first step towards the 2016 challenge, sinha said.
according to a trinamul leader who did not wish to be named, the bjp's programmes were an indication of its seriousness about its growth in bengal.
our leadership cannot afford to take this lightly.
counter-rallies and programmes are likely to be organised for each of the three leaders, he said.
our correspondentsocial activists protest over mahanadi issue on mahatma gandhi marg in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the mahanadi bachao andolan, a civil society conglomerate fighting for the protection of the river, continued its satyagraha in protest against the centre's failure to form a tribunal to adjudicate river dispute between odisha and chhattisgarh.
the andolan activists on tuesday beat gongs protesting against the centre's insensitivity to the cause.
we have sought the appointment of union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari to press for the demand for constitution of the mahanadi tribunal at the earliest.
if he does not listen, we will intensify our agitation in the coming days, said andolan convener sudarsan das, appealing all the political parties to rise above party lines and fight till odisha gets justice.
das claimed that all the political parties, including the bjp, had pledged their support to their movement.
on tuesday, bjd mp prasanna patsani, former cpm mp sivaji patnaik, trade union leader nabakishore mohanty, leaders of other left parties and people from the mahanadi river basin area such as banki, kantilo, jagatsinghpur, cuttack and jajpur took part in the satyagraha.
in august, the activists had staged demonstration in front of the parliament, demanding constitution of the mahanadi river dispute tribunal and immediate halt to the construction of barrages in the river upstream.
das said an andolan delegation met the union water resources secretary amarjit singh on november 16.
he had told us that a bill pending in the parliament would be passed in the coming winter session.
appropriate steps would be taken after passage of the bill to adjudicate the river dispute.
but, we said there was nothing wrong in constitution of the tribunal, till the bill is pending, he said.
traffic restriction has been imposed on gandhi setu to save the 33-year-old bridge from complete collapse.
two pillars  34th and 35th  have tilted by 12 inches at least, prompting the road construction department to restrict vehicles on a part of the bridges eastern flank.
movement restrictions on this portion of bridge have been imposed as any load on this segment  between these two pillars  can lead to further tilting, national highway division chief engineer kedar baitha said.
baitha is a member of a committee drafted by the road construction department to suggest ways for restoring the bridge to its original shape.
south bihar chief engineer bhavani nandan and bihar rajya pul nirman nigam managing director ravi shankar prasad singh are two other members of the committee.
the state government has set a 20-day deadline for this committee to submit recommendations.
the urgency on part of the state government is logical as gandhi setu is the lifeline that connects north bihar districts with patna.
if movement on this bridge is stopped then life would become tough as people would have to take circuitous route for crossing the ganga through existing rajendra bridge, around 100km east of gandhi setu.
moreover, rajendra bridge, constructed in 1954, is functioning with restrictions and heavy vehicles are not allowed to use it.
the 5.
575-km gandhi setu, constructed in 1982, is already being used in a limited manner due to ongoing repair work on its western flank between 43rd and 46th pillars.
the western lane of the bridge was opened for traffic in 1982 and the eastern lane was opened in 1987.
the need of repairing the bridge was first felt in 1991.
tender for appointing a consultant to suggest measures were floated in 1993 and after getting permission from the centre a delhi-based consultant was appointed in 1997.
in a meeting held in 2000, the centre directed the state to get the works done in two phases and submit separate proposals.
accordingly, the state submitted two separate proposals.
while the centre released funds of rs 5.
36 crore for the first phase, which was utilised between february 2002 and october 2003, it did not approve the rs 23.
79-crore proposal for the second phase.
since 2004, rs 180 crore has already been spent on maintenance of the bridge.
after a meeting with the centre in january 2005, the state government submitted a rs 52.
54-crore proposal to the centre but it was not approved.
in february 2005, the centre sent a two-member expert team and after that a proposal, made on the basis of the report of the team, of rs 4.
92 crore was sent and it was approved by the centre.
the state sent another proposal in 2006-07 seeking rs 19.
71 crore but it was rejected.
in 2007-08, another proposal of rs 27.
04 crore was sent to the centre against which only rs 18.
04 crore was released.
based on the report prepared by vk raina, the state sent a rs 167.
13-crore proposal for comprehensive rehabilitation of the bridge but the centre did not take it up.
the government has blamed the centre for the current state of affairs and has also urged the eight union ministers from bihar to ask the union government to take appropriate steps to solve the problem forever.
the union ministers from bihar must take this issue seriously and should extend all possible help so far as gandhi setu is concerned, said road construction minister rajiv ranjan alias lalan singh.
on monday, he announced that gandhi setu could be closed for use any day due to its poor condition.
about the technology used for constructing the bridge, an executive engineer of bihar state road development corporation ltd said: gammon india has constructed the bridge using cantilever technology with hinge bearing and box girder.
it has 45 intermediate spans of 121.
065 metres each and one span of 65.
530 metres on both sides.
it is the only existing bridge in india on this technology.
there was such a bridge over the mandovi in goa but collapsed long back.
two other bridges were constructed over the zuari and the borim in goa but both have been closed.
in july 2011, on the request of nitish kumar, who was chief minister then, the centre had taken the responsibility to repair the damaged gandhi setu at a cost of rs 800 crore.
the state government took the work back from national highways authority of india (nhai) in june 2012 and expressed their eagerness to complete the repairing.
the state government, however, expressed its inability to take up the repair work in 2014.
on september 23, the nhai refused to take up the repair claiming that it does not have the manpower for maintenance and an overhaul of the bridge.
mumbai, oct.
gadkaris remarks came after state bjp president devendra fadnavis, said to be prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shahs choice for chief minister, met him at his nagpur residence.
fadnavis had been the frontrunner for chief minister till tuesday, when at least 40 bjp lawmakers from vidarbha arrived at gadkaris home and demanded he be given the post.
todays meeting between fadnavis and gadkari was described as a courtesy call on the occasion of diwali.
fadnavis left the house refusing to comment.
i brought devendra into politics and devendras father initiated me into politics.
we have always had a close personal relationship.
preliminary alliance talks are on between the bjp, which lacks absolute majority, and former coalition partner shiv sena.
on tuesday, sena leaders anil desai and subhash desai had flown to delhi and held discussions with union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and navsari mp chandrakant patil.
after a couple of days, formal discussions will start, anil said.
he said all the sena mps would attend the dinner to be hosted by prime minister narendra modi on sunday.
modi is to visit mumbai on october 25 to inaugurate a refurbished hn reliance foundation hospital at girgaum.
its unclear whether modi would meet sena president uddhav thackeray, who is yet to confirm his presence at modis sunday dinner.
new delhi, oct.
21: starting next week, cars may be able to vroom down the delhi-mumbai national highway without getting caught in noisy snarls snaking out from toll plazas.
nh8 is set to become the countrys first highway to have an electronic toll collection (etc) system, with road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari due to inaugurate it on monday.
officials said cars would be given radio frequency identification (rfid) tags at toll plazas after they submit personal and vehicle details along with bank account or credit/debit card numbers.
once these tags are pasted on the windshield, charges will be electronically deducted when the vehicle rolls past the toll gate.
at present, etc facility will be available at 51 toll plazas on the delhi-mumbai highway.
we are confident that by the end of next year, we will be able to cover the entire country, a road transport ministry official said.
the countrys first fully automated but standalone toll plaza was inaugurated on the zirakpur-parwannoo section of nh5 in haryanas panchkula in april 2012.
the target then had been to cover the entire country in phases within two years.
the first interoperable etc system covering 10 toll plazas was tested recently between mumbai (charoti) and ahmedabad and is reported to be working well.
the delhi-mumbai etc system is also interoperable.
the government has made it mandatory for all future highway projects to have etc lanes.
supplementary agreements will also be signed to incorporate the system in ongoing projects.
a new firm, indian highways management company limited, in which the national highways authority of india has a 25 per cent stake, has been set up to monitor etc across the country.
officials said that to make etc systems operable through the country, a two-tier database would have to be set up, one at the toll plaza level and the other at the national level.
all transaction details of all rfid tags would be stored in the central database  to be called the central clearing-house  along with their unique identification codes.
once an rfid reader at a toll plaza sends the vehicle tag and plaza details to the central clearing-house, the requisite charges would be deducted from a road users account, the officials added.
an end-of-day settlement would be run by the central clearing-house and statements sent both to toll-collection agencies and banks.
the banks would then electronically clear the agencys dues.
road toll levied at present is not uniform and depends on when a particular road was built and the kind of an agreement signed at that time.
complaints of overcharging toll are routine, as is underreporting of the amount collected to the nhai.
this cuts into the governments revenues.
once etc systems cover the entire country, there is likely to be more transparency.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari has done it again  this time coming tantalisingly close to needling party chief amit shah on the bjps recent election reverses.
if i am the party president and my mlas are not doing well, my mps are not performing, then who is responsible?
the leader from nagpur asked at a lecture on monday before going on to give the answer himself.
i am, he said.
what have i done to groom them?
gadkaris comment  seen as an indirect but intended jibe at shah over the bjps defeats in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh in the latest round of assembly elections  came days after he said leaders should take responsibility for defeats.
prime minister narendra modis lips have been sealed over the results, apart from a tweet  we accept the peoples mandate with humility  on december 11, when the votes were counted.
shah had responded after remaining silent for a week but played down the losses, saying they would have no bearing on the 2019 lok sabha elections.
many bjp leaders say off the record that modi and shah should take responsibility for the defeats the way they take credit when the party wins in states.
gadkaris comments on monday came at an intelligence bureau endowment lecture where he was the chief guest.
he was replying to a question from the audience  that included serving and retired ias and ips officers  about the conduct of new officers and how to bring about change.
gadkari, minister for road transport and highways, said the success of the home ministry was because of trained ias and ips officers.
but in case of failure, he added, the person at the top would be questioned.
he then went on to cite the example of the party chief.
the minister, however, did not directly refer to the partys defeats in the three states.
at pune too he didnt mention the bjp when he addressed a bank association meeting on saturday.
the loyalty of the leadership towards the organisation will not be proved till the time it owns up responsibility for defeat, he had said.
success has many fathers, but failure is an orphan, as when there is success, there will be a race to take credit but in case of failure, everybody will start pointing fingers at each other.
gadkari had later accused a section of the opposition and the media of twisting his statements to drive a wedge between him and the bjp leadership.
there were, however, no clarifications after his comments at the ib event.
the minister has not issued any clarification.
he had already issued one and even after that the media goes ahead, then what can he do?
an official in gadkaris office said.
at the ib event on monday, gadkari also invoked independent indias first prime minister, jawaharlal nehru, and stressed tolerance is the biggest asset of our system.
gadkaris comments assume significance, given his standing in the sangh parivar.
the leader is known to be close to the rss and many in the bjp believe gadkari had the sanghs go-ahead before he spoke.
officially, the bjp refused to react, accusing the media of playing mischief.
in private, however, party leaders said gadkari appeared to be crossing the laxman rekha.
