by express news servicemumbai: the controversy surrounding the killing of tigress avni triggered a fresh war of words between the ruling bjp and the shiv sena on saturday, with sena president uddhav thackeray terming the states governments decision to set up a committee to probe the killing as a farce.
read| 'avni was starving when she was killedthe appointment of the committee (to probe killing of the tigress) is a farce.
the incident needs to be probed by a committee under a retired judge, thackeray said.
he also criticised chief minister devendra fadnavis defence that mungantiwar (state forest minister) didnt shoot the tigress himself.
stepping up the heat on the ruling party, the aam aadmi party (aap), too, joined the activists in raising doubts over the killing.
read| tigress avni's killing: union minister nitingadkari gadkari backs maharashtra forest minister sudhircity congress chief sanjay nirupam even accused state forest minister sudhir mungantiwar of having a nexus with the international poaching mafia.
after the maneaters post-mortem examination report raised questions on whether proper procedure was followed while trying to neutralise her, the state government on friday night announced the appointment of a committee to probe the incident.
by online deskunion minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday fainted on the stage during an event in rahuri near ahmednagar in western maharashtra, about 275 km from mumbai.
the incident occurred when he was standing with other dignitaries for the national anthem at the convocation function of the mahatma phule krishi vidyapeeth (mpkv) agricultural university.
gadkari started feeling uneasy, lost his balance and collapsed on the dais.
maharashtra governor c vidyasagar rao and some others rushed to prevent him from falling.
the minister for road transport & highways, shipping and water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation was examined by a team of doctors present at the venue.
his blood pressure was checked and he remained on his chair for about 10 minutes, after which he walked to his vehicle and proceeded to the nearby helipad.
i felt some suffocation during the event.
the pandal (at the venue) was air-tight.
i was wearing the robes of the convocation ceremony, that is why there was less oxygen.
that is also why i fainted.
my health is alright.
earlier, the minister had attributed the incident to low sugar in his body.
had slight medical condition due to low sugar.
i have been attended by doctors and i am doing well now.
i thank all of you for all the well wishes, gadkari had tweeted shortly after the incident.
had slight medical condition due to low sugar.
i have been attended by doctors and i am doing well now.
i thank all of you for all the well wishes.
nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) december 7, 2018he was later flown to his home town nagpur and the rest of his engagements for the day have been cancelled, officials said.
on thursday, the union minister had made a controversial remark while warning road contractors of dire consequences if they indulged in corrupt practices.
his comments came hours after the supreme court expressed concerns on road quality and termed the 14,000 plus deaths on account of potholes as unacceptable, as the number was higher than lives lost in terror attacks.
a bench headed by justice madan b lokur thursday said the large number of deaths caused due to potholes across the country was probably more than those killed on border or by the terrorists.
by ptinew delhi: congress president rahul gandhi on monday complimented union minister nitingadkari gadkari for his remarks that one who cannot take care of home, cannot manage the country, saying he has guts and should also comment on the rafale deal, farmers distress and destruction of institutions.
the congress president cited a report quoting gadkari as saying that party workers should first fulfil their domestic responsibilities as those who cannot do that cannot manage the country.
gadkari ji, compliments.
you are the only one in the bjp with some guts.
please also comment on: the rafale scam and anil ambani, farmers' distress and destruction of institutions, he tweeted and tagged with it the report on gadkari's comments.
also read: nitingadkari gadkari slammed by opposition for 'veiled criticism' of pm modithe union minister had made the remarks on saturday while addressing former workers of the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the bjp's student wing, in nagpur.
the congress chief's comments praising gadkari came in the wake of various other congress leaders lauding the union minister for his recent statements they view as a swipe at the bjp leadership.
congress spokesperson manish tewari had last week lauded gadkari for his remarks that leaders who fail to fulfil promises get 'beaten up' by people, but at the same time took a swipe at him saying his target was prime minister narendra modi and his eyes were on the pm's chair.
the remarks had come days after the bjp's loss in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh assembly polls.
incidentally, rahul gandhi was seen exchanging notes with gadkari while being seated along with him in the front row at the republic day parade at rajpath.
by ptinew delhi: union minister nitingadkari gadkari will inaugurate two floating restaurants under the ongoing waterfront development work at mumbai port in mumbai on saturday.
gadkari will participate in the bhoomi poojan ceremony of mumbai port trust's new eastern water front, the shipping ministry said in a statement.
the shipping minister will also launch the access control and rfid system as well as the development of enterprise resource planning (erp).
gadkari will also launch invitation of tenders for mumbai-elephanta ropeway and a super specialty hospital at the port.
the 8-km long mumbai-elephanta ropeway would be the world's longest ropeway oversea.
the project has been envisaged at a cost rs 800 crore and will be completed by august 2022.
the two floating restaurants have the capacity to accommodate 475 persons each.
licenses have been awarded for three floating restaurants - two at the sea off gateway of india and one at the sea off girgaum chowpatty.
by ptinew delhi: hailing the government's decision to stop india's share of river water from flowing to pakistan, union minister jitendra singh thursday said the excess water not utilised by jammu and kashmir will now be used by punjab, haryana and rajasthan.
questioning the previous congress governments for not taking such a step, he said the centre's decision has corrected a long-standing anomaly.
the earlier governments have to answer why they sat over this (shahpur-kandi) project for nearly half a century.
it (the decision to stop water going to pakistan) is a correction of a long-standing anomaly which remained unattended by the earlier governments, the minister told pti.
read here | pulwama fallout: india's share of water that flows to pakistan will be diverted to yamuna, says gadkarisingh, minister of state in the prime minister's office (pmo), said the construction of the shahpur-kandi dam on river ravi was started due to the efforts of prime minister narendra modi.
when completed, the entire water of river ravi, which was flowing into pakistan despite being india's share of water under the indus water treaty, will now be utilised in the border districts of kathua in jammu and kashmir and gurdaspur in punjab, he said.
an anomaly of last half a century stands corrected by the modi government, with the construction of shahpur kandi and ujh multipurpose dams.
the question that the nation would ask is, why the earlier governments did not take up these projects.
https://t.
co/inhrq5a0a6  dr jitendra singh (@drjitendrasingh) february 21, 2019singh, who is a lok sabha member from jammu and kashmir's udhampur constituency, said a pragmatic decision has now been taken by the government to simultaneously construct a canal system so that water, which is not utilised by jammu and kashmir, can be used by neighbouring states of punjab, haryana and rajasthan instead of flowing into pakistan.
under the leadership of hon'ble pm sri @narendramodi ji, our govt.
has decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
by ptinew delhi: upa chairperson sonia gandhi thursday led the congress in lok sabha in appreciating road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari for the wonderful work he has been doing in improving the country's infrastructure.
during the question hour, the house took up two questions related to gadkari's ministry in which he gave a detailed description of the works being executed and works being undertaken for expanding the country's network.
i must say here that all mps, cutting across political affiliations, have been appreciating me for the work being done by my ministry in their respective constituencies, he said.
also read: nitingadkari gadkari only one in bjp with some guts: rahul gandhias gadkari completed the answers amidst thumping of desks by ruling bjp members, saffron party member from madhya pradesh ganesh singh stood up and told speaker sumitra mahajan that the house should appreciate the wonderful works being carried out by the union road transport minister.
at this, sonia gandhi, who all through was patiently listening to gadkari and often seen nodding in response to his replies, smiled and started thumping the desk as a sign of appreciation.
seeing this, congress mps, including party leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge, too started thumping the desks appreciating gadkari's work.
there were reports in august last year that sonia gandhi had written to gadkari thanking him for his positive response to road issues she had raised relating to her constituency raebareli in uttar pradesh.
sonia gandhi's son and congress president rahul gandhi too recently had complimented gadkari for his remarks that one who cannot take care of home, cannot manage the country, saying he has guts and should also comment on the rafale deal, farmers distress and destruction of institutions.
gadkari ji, compliments.
you are the only one in the bjp with some guts.
please also comment on: the rafale scam and anil ambani, farmers' distress and destruction of institutions, he tweeted and tagged with it the report on gadkari's comments.
the union minister had made the remarks last week while addressing former workers of the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the bjp's student wing, in nagpur.
incidentally, rahul gandhi was seen exchanging notes with gadkari while being seated along with him during the republic day parade at rajpath.
by express news servicenew delhi/mumbai: senior union minister, nitingadkari gadkari has been caught in a fresh controversy with a new remark which the opposition has latched on to with glee-claiming he is a contrarian to the party he belongs to.
yet, even as gadkari blamed his plight to media twists, misquote and a sinister campaign by those in opposition, the ruling bjp was forced to clarify monday, saying his remarks were aimed at the congress.
bjp spokesperson gvl narasimha rao said, nitingadkari gadkaris comments are now being twisted and political benefit being taken out of it.
he was hinting towards congress that lived by slogans of garibi hatao (remove poverty) but didnt do anything for poverty alleviation and towards rahul gandhi who makes empty promises.
so promise only what is possible.
gadkaris comment was interpreted by many political leaders as veiled criticism of pm narendra modi.
the minister was also seen in close conversation with congress president rahul gandhi at saturdays republic day function in delhi.
tagging his tweet to the pm, aimim chief asaduddin owaisi said, gadkari is showing you the mirror, and in a very subtle way.
the madhya pradesh congress, too, speculated over whether this was a direct attack on modi.
modiji, the people are coming, it said.
those close to gadkari in maharashtra see a vidarbhan streak in him  speaking his mind with least care about the consequences.
in that aspect he is like shiv sena founder balasaheb thackeray-probably one reason why the late leader liked him, said a senior journalist of nagpur.
by ptimumbai: days after his wife amruta fadnavis courted a controversy by clicking a selfie on the edge of a mumbai-goa cruise ship here, chief minister devendra fadnavis tuesday said she is an independent individual who acts as per her intellect.
speaking at aaj tak manthan, fadnavis said, my wife is an independent individual and acts according to her intellect.
she has an ideology of her own.
have i bought her?
he said while amruta was safely clicking the selfie at a safe spot, some narrow-minded individuals chose to troll her for the act.
some people click photos while hiding while others do it openly.
maharashtra has not seen young cms and their wives.
what can be done in the age of 38-40 can't be done at 56 years of age, he quipped.
a controversy erupted after a video of amruta clicking selfie while sitting on the edge of the cruise ship went viral.
she was attending the inauguration of domestic cruise liner angriya here on october 20.
the video shows security personnel trying to persuade her to return to a safer spot.
#watch: amruta fadnavis, wife of maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis, being cautioned by security personnel onboard india's first domestic cruise angria.
she had crossed the safety range of the cruise ship.
pic.
twitter.com/yyc47glkhd  ani (@ani) october 21, 2018fadnavis said the video was clicked from an angle which made it seem like amruta had ignored safety warnings.
amruta had sought the permission of the ship's captain before clicking the photo.
i, (union minister) nitingadkari gadkari and the captain were all there at that time and there was a deck below her.
so she was completely safe, he said.
interestingly, amruta had monday said she was ready to apologise over the incident, but insisted that the spot where she was sitting was safe.
merin mariya byexpress news servicethiruvananthapuram: putting an end to uncertainties, the nh bypass work, the promising road development project of the national highway authority of india (nhai) is being completed in july, informed nhai officials.
when the first phase of the project began on september 1, 2015, it was delayed due to a number of reasons including the problem triggered from the cutting of trees and high compensation demands from residents.
even though the nhai claims that 95 per cent of the works in phase i is completed, chakai flyover, which is its core project still remains unfinished.
the flyover aims at reducing the heavy rush near chakai-eenchakal junction by providing traffic-free road connectivity to the international airport.
the flyover work disrupted water supply in certain areas thereby inviting the wrath of the public.
unlike the snail pace progress of phase i, the second phase of the project is moving at a fast pace and has completed more than 40 per cent of the work.
the key project in the second phase is the construction of a bridge across the neyyar river and the work is progressing.
follow our election coverage herekummanam rajasekharan (bjp)from the bjp's point of view, road development is considered to be one of the major aspects to the holistic development of the city.
according to them, the kazhakoottam area was considered to be a desolated place and the party gave life to it by approaching nhai officials foreseeing its possibilities in the development of the city.
bjp leaders including kummanam rajasekharan took an effort to meet nitingadkari gadkari, minister of road transport and highways of india regarding the need to improve the mukkola-vizhinjam road and submitted a memorandum.
the fund was released after his visit to kerala and the tender works were begun.
we even visited the spot and analysed the possibilities prior to our meeting with nitingadkari gadkari.
a memorandum was submitted on the development of kazhakoottam-karode road, the need for a flyover, the same was submitted on the very day.
surprisingly the proposal was accepted and he handed over the memorandum to the nhai and instructed them to do a road survey.
an estimate of rs 194 crore was released on the later days and got sanctioned, said s suresh, bjp district president.
they also claimed the funding was 100 per cent provided by bjp and have also put forward new road development projects including the vizhinjam-railroad and the t'puram-thenkasi road which passes through nedumangadu.
c divakaran (ldf)a scientific study and evaluation should be done prior to road construction, said ldf candidate c divakaran.
when road construction comes under several schemes, it is important to do a proper investigation regarding its feasibility.
roads come under the schemes of national highway, state highway, pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana scheme and also flood-damaged road repairing.
when asked for maintenance or replacing damage, authorities give excuses.
when you seek help from the central government they recommend getting help from the state overnment.
it is a regular pattern followed and people's representatives like me are confused- where to start, whom to ask and how to make a change in the system followed, he said.
according to him, no authority is ready to accept direct responsibility which results in execution delay.
i have been directly involved in the nh bypass road work and i spoke to the authorities seeking for the original reason behind the delay.
i found the officials themselves blame each other hence the work remains unfinished.
time-bound execution is the only solution to this issue and is crucial for the development of the city, divakaran added.
he believes the widespread criticism faced by the nh bypass work was caused by the unscientific approach towards road development.
shashi tharoor (udf)while focusing on improving infrastructure projects including the nh bypass and vizhinjam seaport, udf candidate shashi tharoor said he has been regularly engaged with the project team and the local residents to iron out obstacles amidst the regular operations of the project.
in 2011, an urgent meeting was arranged with c p joshi, former union minister for road transport and highways regarding the need for urgent action on nh47 bypass from thiruvananthapuram to kanyakumari.
we went to the villages, talked to people regarding the progress, collected information and conducted surveys.
in 2013 another meeting with highway officials and district collector towards implementation of the widening and construction of nh-47 bypass t'puram-karode was conducted.
after numerous obstructions, land acquisition approved in 2014.
following my intervention and a discussion with union minister nitingadkari gadkari, the centre approved epc mode for nh bypass widening in october and nhai began issuing engineering & construction (epc) tender for the nh-47 bypass for rs 750 crore, he said.
he also mentioned he proposed the 'green highway' idea and asked for replanting trees along the nh bypass.
by express news servicenew delhi: with no takers for 74 per cent stake in the debt-laden air india and after another failed attempt to get the national carrier listed on stock exchanges, the government has finally postponed the plan to divest air india and has decided to infuse fresh capital in air india to make it more profitable before listing.
we have not scrapped the plan to divest air india.
we are reworking on the divestment and are will come up with fresh bids.
but it will take some time.
meanwhile, government will infuse fresh funds to make it more profitable and for smooth day to day operations, senior official from finance ministry toldthe new indian express on tuesday.
the decision to infuse fresh funds came after the listing plan of air india suffered a setback, after the market regulator securities and exchange board of india (sebi) denied the state-owned carrier exemption from a rule which makes net profit for the past three years mandatory for listing.
the aviation ministry wanted sebi to waive off this clause for air india.
after sebis rejection, a high-level meeting decided to go ahead with capital infusion in air india.
the meeting was chaired by union minister arun jaitley and attended by piyush goyal, civil aviation minister suresh prabhu, transport minister nitingadkari gadkari and other senior officials of finance and civil aviation ministries.
the funds will be released in instalments and will be used to place orders for new aircrafts and for improving existing infrastructure, the official told the new indian express, without divulging any details about the amount infused.
the government is looking at turning around the company to ensure that it makes profits on an overall basis before going in for listing.
the government had originally proposed to offload 76 per cent equity share capital of the national carrier as well as transfer the management control to private players.
the buyer would have had to take over rs 240 billion debt or the carrier along with over rs 80 billion of liabilities.
however, the stake sale failed to attract any bidders when the bidding process got completed on may 31.
by ptipanaji: the condition of ailing goa chief minister manohar parrikar is stable and he is under observation of doctors at a hospital here, an official in the chief minister's office (cmo) said on sunday.
the 63-year-old senior bjp leader, suffering from a pancreatic ailment since the last one year and recuperating at his private residence at dona paula near here, was admitted to the goa medical college and hospital (gmch) late saturday night.
also read: ailing goa cm manohar parrikar hospitalisedparrikar, who met state town and country planning minister vijai sardesai in the evening to discuss politics and administration, was shifted to gmch, almost four km from his residence, around 10 pm.
the chief minister was under observation during the night.
he is stable.
doctors will decide when he will be discharged from gmch, the cmo official said.
the cmo in a statement released here on saturday said parrikar was taken to gmch for upper gi endoscopy (gastrointestinal examination).
his health condition continues to be stable, it said, adding he would be kept under observation for around 48 hours.
health minister vishwajit rane had gone to gmch late saturday night to enquire about parrikar's health condition.
he later said the chief minister was kept in an isolated ward and that his condition was stable and he was doing well.
parrikar had fallen ill on february 14, 2018 and was shifted to gmch, from where he was taken to lilavati hospital in mumbai the next day.
the chief minister returned to goa on february 20, 2018 to present the state budget.
he left for the us for treatment on march 3, 2018 and returned on june 14, 2018.
he then attended monsoon session of the assembly from july 19 to august 3, and left for the us again on august 10 for a second round of check-up.
he returned to goa on august 22, 2018 and was later shifted to the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) at new delhi on september 15.
after almost a month-long treatment, he returned to goa on october 14, 2018.
parrikar stunned everyone when he resumed his office on january 2, 2019 after a gap of two-and-a-half months.
on january 27, he attended the inauguration of third bridge on the mandovi river here along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari.
he also attended the budget session on january 29 and presented the state budget next day.
on the last day of the session on january 31, he was taken for treatment to aiims in delhi and he returned to goa on february 5.
parrikar also addressed atal booth karyakarta sammelan on february 9 in the presence of bjp chief amit shah.
india wants to cut down on a ballooning rs 7 lakh crore crude import bill, the minister said, adding electric buses and vehicles along with ethanol and other green fuel could be the solution.
promoting electric vehicles is priority of our government.
we want electric buses, autorickshaws and other vehicles to ply in the country.
we are engaged in initial talks with softbank for loans at low interest rate for a green project.
we want to introduce 2 lakh electric buses for public transport, road transport and highways minister gadkari said.
he also said that the low interest rate funding is similar to what government did in case of major port jnpt.
he was addressing the media here before the launch of a pilot project for 200 electric vehicles including 100 of mahindras new e20 plus.
he said the target was to reduce the ticket fare of public transport by 50 per cent in the country.
research is on to produce lithium and other advanced batteries at a cheaper rate which would be made easily available, the minister said adding, india is now a coal and electricity surplus nation and must promote green fuel.
he said charging electric vehicles won't be an issue as charging stations are being set up.
the size of the automobile industry, which is at rs 4.
5 lakh crore, is estimated to grow to rs 25 lakh crore and stress should be laid to promote environment-friendly vehicles that causes minimum pollution, he said.
by ptinew delhi: several union ministers, including vijay goel, prakash javadekar, nirmala sitaraman, and sushma swaraj, have not cleared dues on their official bungalows till february, the housing and urban affairs ministry said.
replying to an rti query, the ministry said union minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and union minister of state for development of north eastern region jitendra singh also have outstanding payments on their bungalows.
these dues concern furniture and other things provided at the bungalows, an official of the ministry said.
the amounts for naqvi and singh are around rs 1.
46 lakh and rs 3.
18 lakh respectively for the same period, according to the ministry.
the reply, dated april 26, came on an rti application filed by ajit kumar singh.
the directorate of estates, which comes under the union housing and urban affairs ministry, allots bungalows to union ministers and mps in the national capital.
defence minister nirmala sitaraman had pending dues of rs 53, 276 while dues of rs 86,923 was not cleared by javadekar till february.
goel, who is a minister of state for parliamentary affairs, also did not clear dues running into nearly rs 3 lakh while minister of state for agriculture gajendra singh had dues of rs 2,88,269 till february, it stated.
responding to the rti query, the directorate said external affairs minister swaraj had pending dues of rs 98,890 on her official bungalow till the same period.
the directorate of estates issues a 'no demand certificate (ndc)' to those ministers and mps who have cleared their dues.
according to the rti reply, there were only rs 14,627 dues pending on union social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot after he paid rs 1,23,215 out of rs 1,37,842 accessed from august 2014 to february 2019.
there are also several union ministers who have cleared their dues.
rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, giriraj singh, babul supriyo, harsh vardhan, manoj sinha, narendra singh tomar, mahesh sharma, jayant sinha, ravi shanker prasad, uma bharti, and smriti irani are among the union ministers who have cleared their dues.
by ptimumbai: union minister and bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari sunday said some opposition parties and a section of the media have twisted his statements, an assertion that comes in the backdrop of his reported leadership should own up defeat remarks.
the bjp stalwart was saturday reported as saying that nobody is willing to own up to failure unlike success and maintained leadership should have the 'vrutti' (tendency) to own up defeat and failures.
also read: leadership must own up to defeat also: nitingadkari gadkarithe minister, who was speaking at an event in pune, did not elaborate, but his comments assumed significance in wake of the bjp's defeat in just-held assembly polls in madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan.
in the last few days, i have noticed a sinister campaign by some opposition parties and a section of the media to twist my statements and use them out of context and draw politically motivated inferences to malign my party and me, he wrote on the micro-blogging site twitter.
i have time and again strongly refuted such insinuations and once again condemn all these malafide and mischievous out of context reports attributed to me.
let me make it clear once and for all that conspiracies to create a wedge between the bjp leadership and me will never succeed, he tweeted.
i have been clarifying my position at various forums and shall continue to do so and expose these nefarious designs of our detractors, he said.
by ptiballia: uttar pradesh minister and suheldev bharatiya samaj party chief om prakash rajbhar wednesday took a dig at his cabinet colleagues for taking a dip in the sangam, saying they had gone there to wash off their sins.
chief minister yogi adityanath and his ministerial colleagues took a dip in the sangam on tuesday after holding a cabinet meeting in allahabad.
the ministers in the yogi adityanath government had gone for a holy dip at the sangam on tuesday for washing their sins.
going back on promises made to the public is also a sin and the ministers have tried to wash it through a dip in the sangam, rajbhar said.
rajbhar also referred to union minister nitingadkari gadkari's statement on people punishing those failing to fulfil their promises.
rajbhar, who had stayed away from the cabinet meeting, alleged that corruption in the present government was four times more than what it was during the sp and bsp governments.
to a question on the centre seeking permission to return the acquired land around the disputed ram janambhoomi babri masjid site to original owners, rajbhar said it was aimed at befooling the people.
by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: the states national highway development will be included in the high priority list, union minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari told chief minister pinarayi vijayan.
the assurance came in a meeting attended by higher officials of the union transport ministry and the nhai.
the cost of developing 600 km is expected to be rs 44,000.
half of this is to acquire land.
one of the major challenges of nh development in the state is the high cost of land acquisition compared to other states.
the union minister asked whether the state can bear a part of the expense.
the chief minister said he would reply after consultations in the state.
gadkari reiterated the centres commitment for nh development in the state.
centre also approved the states proposal for waterway development.
the minister asked the state to expedite the project report preparation of 11 roads under the sagarmala project to connect various ports.
the road project to connect vizhinjam port with the nh-66 should be completed at the earliest, he said.
the meeting decided to speed up the development works of the kozhikode bypass, development of thrissur-wadakkanchery road and waterway development.
central assistance was sought for establishing the national university of design in kollam.
manish anand byexpress news servicevaranasi: union minister nitingadkari gadkari appears to be holding hope aloft for prime minister narendra modi in his parliamentary constituency.
unfazed by the challenge of the grand alliance forged by samajwadi party (sp) and bahujan samaj party (bsp) in uttar pradesh, a cross-section of people in varanasi argues for a second term for modi so that the ongoing roadworks stay on course.
traffic crawls in the ancient city of varanasi, also called kashi, while dust swirls on highways on account of roadworks being carried out.
asi ghat rings with hymns for the river ganges, with foreign tourists staying glued to the ganga arti.
people list out works done in the last four and a half years to stress that the grand alliance would have no impact on the prospects of modi contesting again from varanasi.
a lot has been done since modi became an mp from varanasi.
a lot is yet to be done, and only he can get them done.
it wouldnt have been possible to complete all the works in five years.
the change has to be gradual, said vikram singh, a medical student at asi ghat.
locals listed varanasi bypass, ring road, broadening of highways with a number of flyovers, besides cleaning of the banks of ganga as modis achievements as the representative of the constituency.
incidentally, gadkari is the minister for surface transport under whose watch roads are being built with apparent speed, even as lok sabha elections are not far away.
now, we can come to varanasi from jaunpur in the morning and go back by evening due to better roads.
the milkmen and vegetable sellers are coming here now from faraway places to earn better, said rajesh srivastava, a practising lawyer.
a few of the youth looked disappointed that employment opportunities are hard to find, yet they stopped short of blaming the prime minister.
some of my friends lost jobs recently.
the job situation is tough.
but we dont see the likes of akhilesh yadav (sp) or mayawati (bsp) creating employment opportunities either, said sunita, who is hoping that she would get a job in the railways, which has announced recruitment schedules for vacancies.
if highways are dotted with heavy machinery laying bitumen and other road materials while black-carpeting the skylines with thick smoke, another of gadkaris pet projects of developing waterways is also seemingly taking off with a few commercial containers docking at varanasi.
namita bajpai byexpress news servicelucknow: with a huge army of 1.
80 crore foot soldiers hitting the ground, bjp is gearing up to go the whole hog to counter the challenges posed by sp-bsp alliance and rahul-priyanka combination of congress, in countrys politically most crucial state of uttar pradesh during upcoming lok sabha polls.
the party has woven its strategy around fortification of booths on the lines of its 2014 victory mantra.
besides charting out a course of rallies to be addressed by pm narendra modi and bjp national chief amit shah, theparty has decided to mobilise its present chief ministers and formers cms and deputy cms to hold cluster meetings of the cadre across 80 parliamentary segments in the state.
bjp and its allies had walked away with 73 of 80 seats in previous lok sabha elections.
sp had got five seats, congress just two.
as per the party sources, bjp has divided 80 parliamentary segments of uttar pradeshinto 19 clusters.
senior party leaders, including union ministers, former and present cms and deputy cms, will be entrusted with the responsibility of different clusters, wherein, they will be appointing cluster in-charge andcoordinators to reach out to the grass level workers and fortify all 1.
40 lakh booths across the state.
the strong presence of our cadre till the last booth will enable us to prevail over the onslaught of the opposition and any of the rival alliances, says state bjp vice-president and booth committee in-charge jps rathore.
meanwhile, bjp national president amit shah will begin taking stock of the booths by talking to each and every booth in-charge from january 30.
the bjp chief will be holding six such meetings across the state.
the first convention to be addressed by shah in lucknow will see the participation of booth in-charges of 16 lok sabha constituencies of lucknow, sitapur, ayodhya and gonda clusters of awadh region on january 30.
shah will hold a similar convention in amroha, western up on february 2, kashi, jaunpur and gorakhpur sectors in maharajganj of eastern up on february 8.
moreover, the bjp has entrusted union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, jp nadda (up in-charge), govardhan bhai zadafia (co-incharge), partys national vice-president dr dushyant gautam, narottam mishra, haryana cm manohar lala khattar, uttarakhand cm trivendra singh rawat, bihar deputy cm sushil kumar modi, former cm of madhya pradesh and party vice president shivraj singh chouhan, chhattisgarh ex-cm and party vice  president dr raman singh and rajasthan ex-cm and party vice president vasundhara raje will hold cluster meetings with the in-charges of booths under their respective sectors to impart finer points and insight into poll management.
elaborating on the role of cms of bjp ruled states and former cms being put into service in up, rathore said while bihar deputy cm sushil kumar modi was expected to address the cluster comprising lok sabha constituencies of sultanpur, pratapgarh, kaushambi, allahabad, phulpur and amethi on january 31, former madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan would address party workers of ayodhya cluster comprising faizabad, barabanki and ambedkarnagar lok sabha constituencies on february 5.
uttarakhand cm trivendra singh rawat is expected to address cluster meetings of lok sabha constituencies of moradabad, sambhal, bijnor, nagina (likely constituency of bsp chief mayawati), amroha and rampur on february 10.
while harayana cm manohar lal khattar would handle five lok sabha constituencies in purvanchal, covering kashi, jaunpur and gorakhpur, the yogi turf, former chhattisgarh cm raman singh would interact withcadre of kanpur, akbarpur, farrukhabad, kannauj and etawah ls constituencies of central up.
sp chief akhilesh yadav is widely tipped to contest from kannauj.
the purpose of these cluster meetings will be to mobilise the cadre for the final push and exhorting it to take opposition challenge head on in the state by taking to achievements of the central government to each and every household, says rathore.
nadda addressed one such cluster meeting in unnao on sunday.
he met the district heads, and booth in-charges of lucknow, unnao, mohanlalganj and rae bareli ls constituencies.
the cadre at unnao was told by nadda to rebuff the opposition attack with facts and figures on the tips of bjp workers regarding government welfare schemes like ujjawala yojana, ayushman bharat, atal pension plan, pm jeevam jyoti, mudra yojna, pm awas yojna, etc.
they have been told to make people aware of the benefits reaching them through the development schemes, said rathore.
by ptipune: union minister smriti irani sunday said she would leave politics the day prime minister narendra modi decided to hang his boots, though she asserted that he would be around for long years.
she was speaking at the words count festival here in a discussion titled 'scripting her story, from star to star campaigner'.
a member of the audience asked her when would one see her as a pradhan sevak (prime servant), a title often used by modi to describe his role as the head of the union government.
never.
i entered politics to work under charismatic leaders.
i was very lucky to work under the leadership of late atal bihari vajpayee and i am currently serving under modi ji, irani replied.
the day 'pradhan sevak' narendra modi decides to hang his boots, i will also leave indian politics, she said.
i decide for myself how much of my life i will give for my country, my society.
in an independent country, if i cannot take a decision for myself, what is the use of that independence?
she said.
on whether she did not wish to serve under leaders other than modi, the textile minister said, am i not currently working under leaders like rajnath singh ji, nitingadkari gadkari ji?
there are leaders with whom i have worked within the organisation for the last 18 years.
i also had the opportunity to work under leaders like vajpayee and l k advani.
you are presuming modi won't be there for long, but let me tell you, he is going to be around for very, very long years, she told the audience.
the bjp leader was also asked whether she would contest the forthcoming lok sabha polls from amethi against congress chief rahul gandhi.
she said the decision would be taken by her party and its chief amit shah.
in 2014, when i fought the election, they were asking who is smriti.
in 2019, they know who i am, she asserted.
irani had lost to gandhi in the 2014 general elections from amethi.
speaking on the menace of trolling on social media platforms, the actor-turned-politician said she had been trolled by celebrated journalists and politicians and not just by anonymous netizens.
i might be one of the few people who have been equally trolled by celebrated journalists and politicians and by anonymous trolls, she said.
talking about the women politicians she admired, irani named minister of external affairs sushma swaraj and lok sabha speaker and indore mp sumitra mahajan.
when they began their journey, it was comparatively tougher.
they have made a difference in indian politics without any additional support.
i look up to them as my source of inspiration, she added.
the bromance that is brewing between bjp president amit shah and his shiv sena counterpart uddhav thackeray is partly a product of congress chief rahul gandhis initial efforts to cobble together a mahagathbandhan (grand alliance) of all opposition forces against pm narandra modis rule.
it is also an acknowledgement of shahs growing clout within the party as the second most powerful person after modi.
else uddhav wouldnt have participated in an nda rally in gandhinagar on saturday.
also on the dais were sad chief parkash singh badal and ljp founder ram vilas paswan, and former bjp presidents rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari.
later in the day, shah filed his papers for contesting the lok sabha polls from gandhinagar, the seat held by lk advani till now.
after repeatedly picking on the bjp for most of the last five years, the sena buried the hatchet a few weeks ago by wangling a better seat deal for both the lok sabha and state assembly elections and a more equitable share of power.
but the bjps softening to accommodate allies came after the crushing blow in the recent assembly polls.
in contrast, the mahagathbandhan came apart as the congress, flushed with success, hardened its bargaining position and annoyed wannabe allies.
rahul contesting from keralas safe seat of wayanad apart from his traditional constituency of amethi in up is the latest flashpoint for an angry left that has already been left out in the cold in bihar and west bengal.
its a given that politics understands the language of strength.
shah began as party president in 2014 and wrested state after state in his pursuit for power, displaying flexibility too.
in the opposition camp, the politics of give and take ought to have been initiated by the biggest party, the congress, but it hasnt shown the same sense of urgency.
in fact, cpm leader sitaram yechury said the congress is as rigid as the janata party was in 1977.
that could well be the differentiator between the two sides in the final analysis.
namita bajpai byexpress news servicelucknow: imparting the vijay mantra to his party booth workers in purvanchal -- maharajganj of gorakhpur division and jaunpur in varanasi divison -- bharatiya janata party (bjp) president amit shahon friday asked them not to get baffled  by the sp-bsp tie-up in the state for the upcoming lok sabha elections.
at a rally of party workers in eastern up, shah said the bjp is ready for the challenge posed by the opposition in the polls and prepared for the battle of 50 per cent this time around.
you dont need to get rattled by the alliance.
we will bound to increase out tally from 73 to 74.
it will not come down to 72.
i am confident of your might and diligence, roared the bjp chief both in maharajganj and jaunpur.
notably, sp and the bsp have joined hands shelving their decades-old animosity to take on the bjp in upcoming lok sabha elections.
sp president akhilesh yadav and bsp chief mayawati announced theiralliance last month.
talking about the menace of mosquitoes and mafia and eastern up, shah alleged that under the sp and the bsp governments, purvanchal was suffering because of the two factors as a development of the state was never a priority for the respective sp and the bsp during their rule in uttar pradesh.
during bua-bhatija reign, purvanchal was facing the menace of mosquitoes and mafia.
after the bjp government was formed, mafia disappeared and encephalitis cases are going down, he said added that yogi government had rid the region of both the menaces.
targetting the congress for dynastic politics, the bjp president alleged that dynasty was the most important criterion in the party for deciding leadership role.
our party doesnt function on basis of the dynasty but on democracy.
when our government is formed, theres development, said shah.
shahs interaction with the partymen in purvanchal assumes significance as it caters to around 40 seats having the stronghold of both cm yogi adityanath in gorakhpur and pm narendra modis constituency in varanasi.
moreover, after the appointment of priyanka gandhi vadra as the congress general secretary, in-charge eastern up, the battle of purvanchal has taken an interesting and fiercer turn.
meanwhile, union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari visited the temple town of ayodhya on friday gifting five projects worth rs 3799 crore to the people of the land of lord ram.
we are making roads which will be free from potholes for the next 200 years, claimed the minister.
by iansmumbai: maharashtra navnirman sena president raj thackeray's son amit got married to fashion designer mitali borude in a traditional maharashtrian style wedding ceremony, here on sunday afternoon.
the wedding was attended by the who's who of politics, corporate world, film industry, sports, glamour and of course close family members at a five-star hotel.
raj and his wife, sharmila, were seen warmly greeting guests who included his cousin and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, wife rashmi and their son aditya, another cousin brother jaidev thackeray and his family members, and other of the thackeray clan.
incidentally, amit and mitali, both childhood friends, were betrothed on december 11, 2017, which happens to be the wedding anniversary of raj and sharmila.
a steady stream of high-profile guests were seen at the power-packed wedding starting with governor c.v. rao, chief minister devendra fadnavis, union minister nitingadkari gadkari, maharastra minister pankaja munde and many more.
senior congress leader ahmed patel, who is a close aide of sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi, was also there to bless the young couple.
nationalist congress party supremo sharad pawar, his nephew ajit pawar, and their families also marked their presence.
bharat ratna and cricket icon sachin tendulkar was present with his wife sporting a typical maharashtrian attire, and also renowned singer asha bhosle.
industrialist and philanthropist ratan tata, actor aamir khan, ritesh deshmukh, yesteryear actress sulochana and many big names from the marathi film world also attended the festivities.
raj's daughter urvashi and his daughter-in-law mitali had some time ago launched their own fashion label, the rack.
later this evening, a mega reception has been organised in mumbai by the family.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicethe mumbai trans harbor link (mthl), also known as the sewri-nhava sheva bridge, is a classic example of how mega infrastructure projects can get delayed for a mind-boggling number of reasons.
the idea for the link was first mooted in 1963 by wilber smith and associates when they were commissioned the task of transportation and traffic planning for greater mumbai.
named uran bridge then, the agency mooted the idea even as they were unsure of traffic and it was abandoned in 1981 after the success of vashi bridge connecting mankhurd and vashi in navi mumbai.
the proposal was revived only in 2004 after navi mumbais development moved into top gear and even the two bridges between mankhurd and vashi began seeming inadequate for smooth traffic flow.
infrastructure leasing & financial services (il&fs) moved a proposal to build the link, but again, for mysterious reasons, the proposal went back into cold storage.
in 2005, the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) began inviting fresh bids for the project.
a consortium of anil ambani-led reliance energy (rel) and hyundai engineering construction company quoted a concession period of 9 years 11 months against 75 years quoted by mukesh ambanis sea king infrastructure.
msrdc deemed both bids by the ambanis as unrealistic, ending the process inconclusively in 2008.
though the bids were invited again in 2008, the feud between the ruling congress and the ncp resulted in none of the 13 companies who had shown interest turn up to submit bids.
around this time, responsibility for the project was transferred from the msrdc to the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority (mmrda).
three years later in 2011, mmrda appointed consultants for techno-feasibility studies for a public-private partnership (ppp).
the sewri-nhava sheva bridge crosses the thane creek (photo | eps)things started moving faster after 2012.
environment clearances had lapsed, and another year had to be spent until they were re-issued in 2012.
the department of economic affairs recommended granting rs 1,920 crore for the project, and coastal regulation zone clearances arrived in 2013 with a nod from the centre.
however, the jawaharlal nehru port trust (jnpt) now wanted the link to be constructed at a height of 51 meters instead of 25 meters to enable movement of huge ships.
in parallel, bidders shortlisted in 2012 started withdrawing owing to government apathy and the model was scrapped.
in 2013, the mmrda decided to go ahead on a cash-contract basis with the japan international cooperation agency (jica) expressing interest in funding the project.
in june, 2014, jnpt also agreed to pick up a stake.
after the bjp came to power, chief minister devendra fadnavis made it a priority.
however, time was lost when union ports minister nitingadkari gadkari favored an underground link while fadnavis supported the traditional design.
however, after the clearances arrived from the maharashtra coastal zone management authority (mczma) and the forest department, and jica agreed to extend a loan of 80 per cent of cost, and the foundation stone was finally laid by prime minister narendra modi on dec 24, 2016.
environmental activists however, had been crying foul over the effect on the sewri mud-flats which attract migratory flamingos and the alignment was consequently changed and construction began in april 2018.
currently, around 10 per cent of the 21.
8 km long 6-lane freeway grade road bridge is completed, with the project cost expected to hit rs 13,400 crore.
by express news servicenew delhi: bjp president amit shah on sunday announced setting up of 17 groups to prepare for the upcoming lok sabha elections.
union home minister rajnath singh will head the partys manifesto committee while finance minister arun jaitley will be in-charge of the eight-member publicity wing that also have piyush goyal, rajyavardhan singh rathore, mahesh sharma and rajeev chandrasekhar.
jaitley will also be a member of the 20-member committee tasked with preparing the partys sankalp patra (manifesto).
the other names in the team include nirmala sitharaman, thavarchand gehlot, ravi shankar prasad, piyush goyal, mukhtar abbas naqvi, k j alphons, kiren rijiju, shivraj singh chouhan, keshav prasad maurya, sushil modi, bhupender yadav, ram madhav, narayan rane and arjun munda.
nitin gadkari will head a 17-member committee to reach out to social and volunteer organisations while sushma swaraj will head the group that will produce literature for the polls.
prasad will head the partys media group with all the partys national spokespersons being its part.
hrd minister prakash javadekar will lead the wing that will organise meetings of intellectuals.
shyam jaju and amit malviya are in the 13-member social media committee.
shah also announced committees to deal with transportation, distribution of literature, pms radio show mann ki baat and bike rally.
gadkari, the minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, also signed an mou with six chief ministers for the construction of renukaji multi-purpose dam project in the upper yamuna basin.
the pact was signed with chief minister yogi aditynath of uttar pradesh, ashok gehlot of rajasthan, trivendra singh rawat of uttarakhand, manohar lal of haryana, arvind kejriwal of delhi and jairam thakur of himachal pradesh.
another agreement was signed for namami gange projects in allahabad under hybrid annuity mode and one-city-one-operator concept by the national mission for clean ganga, up jal nigam and dilip pormal from prayagraj water pvt.
we have done one thing.
the rivers awarded to india under the indus waters treaty.
(some portion of) our share still goes to pakistan.
the first thing we did was to arrest the (excess) water and we will take it to punjab, haryana, uttar pradesh, and rajasthan and delhi will benefit from it, he said.
under the indus waters treaty, waters flowing in three of indus tributaries -- the sutlej, beas and ravi -- have been allotted to india; while the chenab, jhelum and indus waters have been allotted to pakistan.
of the total 168 million acre-feet, india's share of water from the three allotted rivers is 33 million acre-feet, which constitutes nearly 20 per cent.
india uses nearly 93-94 per cent of its share under the indus waters treaty.
the rest of the water remains unutilised and goes to pakistan.
after the uri attack in 2016, it was decided to fast track water projects to arrest the unutilised water.
the three projects to arrest this water from going to pakistan, include the shahpur kandi dam project, a second sutlej-beas link in punjab and the ujh dam project in jammu and kashmir.
he added that a consensus on kishau multi-purpose project on yamuna river has also been developed and soon an agreement for it will also be signed.
he also informed about the lakhwar multi-purpose project for which agreement was signed on august 28 among six basin states.
delhi will not face drinking water issues for the next 50 years.
rajasthan, which is at the tail end, will also get water for drinking and irrigation.
he added that these projects will also ensure more flow in river yamuna which is the need-of-the-hour.
renukaji dam project has been conceived as a storage project on giri river (tributary of river yamuna) in sirmour district of himachal pradesh.
the project envisages construction of 148 m high rock-filled dam for the supply of 23 cumecs water to delhi and other basin states.
the project will also generate 40 mw of power during peak flow and will be executed by himachal pradesh power corporation ltd.(hppcl).
the live storage of renukaji mpp is 0.
404 million acre-feet (maf) and total submergence area is about 1508 hectares in the territory of himachal pradesh.
stored water of renukaji dam will be used by uttar pradesh, haryana and delhi from the hathnikund barrage, by delhi from wazirabad barrage and by up, haryana and rajasthan from the okhla barrage.
the share of these states is as follows: haryana, uttar pradesh/uttarkhand and himachal pradesh, rajasthan and delhi will get 47.
82 per cent, 33.
65 per cent, 3.
15 per cent, 9.
34 per cent and 6.
04 per cent respectively.
delhi has agreed to fund 90 per cent of the cost of power component of the project.
by online deskbollywood actress isha koppikar on sunday joined the bhartiya janta party (bjp) in the presence of union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari in mumbai.
koppikar was appointed as the working president of bjp women transport wing, reported ani.
earlier there were speculations over veteran actress madhuri joining the ruling party, which she later denied.
earlier this month, on january 2, another bollywood actress moushmi chatterjee joined bjp.
isha began her film journey in 1998 with a tamil movie and jumped on the bollywood bandwagon with the film 'fiza' in 2000.
by express news servicenew delhi: in what can be seen as the narendra modi governments major hindutva push ahead of the lok sabha elections, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will lay the foundation stones for five national highway projects in ayodhya on friday that will improve connectivity between the holy towns of ayodhya, prayagraj, kashi (varanasi) and chitrakoot.
these projects will also include ram vangaman marg and ayodhyas 84-kosi parikrama.
the highways will have a combined length of 632 km while the total estimated cost of construction is rs 7,195 crore a statement by the ministry of road transport and highways revealed.
the projects are aimed at providing better connectivity and facilities to tourists and pilgrims who come to these cities.
these projects will also establish direct connectivity from ayodhya to another important vaishnavite pilgrim centre, chitrakoot, where lord ram is said to have spent more than 11 years of his 14-year exile.
the ring road around ayodhya will reduce traffic congestion and pollution levels.
the projects also include beautification of ayodhya section of the lucknow-ayodhya highway at a cost of rs 55 crore and four-laning of ayodhya-akbarpur section of the ayodhya-varanasi highway at a cost of rs 1,081 crore.
while construction of the 46-km four-lane ayodhya ring road is estimated to cost rs 1,289 crore, the construction of 44-km mohanganj-shringverpur section of the ram vangaman marg will cost rs 478 crore.
the construction of the 91-km bikapur-rudauli-murtihanghat section of kosi parikrama marg will cost rs 896 crore.
the government will not allow india's share of water from the eastern rivers to flow to pakistan, the water resources, shipping, river development and ganga rejuvenation minister said at a public rally at phagwara in punjab.
referring to stopping of india's share of water of ravi, sutlej, beas from flowing to pakistan, gadkari said that the treaty in this regard between the two countries was based on mutual understanding, love and good relations.
by supporting terrorism, pakistan is not fulfilling this commitment, a statement by the road transport and highways ministry quoted the minister as saying.
work is on to divert this water to punjab, haryana and rajasthan, he said.
under the indus water treaty signed in 1960, the waters of the western rivers -- the indus, jhelum, and chenab -- was given to pakistan and those of the eastern rivers -- the ravi, beas, and sutlej -- to india.
india's share of water from ravi, beas and sutlej rivers came to 33 million acres feet (maf).
while about 95 per cent of the water was being used in the country after the construction of three main dams across the rivers, close to 5 per cent water or 1.
6 maf would flow to pakistan.
the reiteration to stop the flow of indus water to pakistan came amid mounting indo-pak tension over the pulwama terror strike on february 14 that has triggered demands for action against the neighbouring country.
india has revoked the most favoured nation status to pakistan and mounted a diplomatic offensive to isolate it in the international community.
by ptimumbai: union minister nitingadkari gadkari thursday opined that it is unfair to tag a one-time loan defaulter vijay mallyaji as a chor (thief), adding that the embattled businessman has a four-decade-long track record of timely debt servicing.
gadkari, however, clarified that he has no business dealing with mallya, who faces extradition from the uk for alleged bank fraud and money laundering amounting to an estimated rs 9,000 crore.
40 saal mallya regular payment kar raha tha, byaaj bhar raha tha.
40 saal baad jab wo aviation mein gaya uske baad wo adchan mein aaya to woh ekdum chor ho gaya?
.
jo pachaas saal byaaj bharta hai wo theek hai, par ek baar wo default ho gaya.
toh turant sab fraud ho gaya?
ye mansikta theek nahi hai.
(for 40 years mallya was regularly paying interest on loans.
after entering the aviation sector, he started facing problems, and suddenly he became a thief?
if a person repays the interest for 50 years, and if he defaults once, then suddenly everything is fraud?
also read | 'no ground at all' to believe vijay mallya faces any risk in mumbai jail, says uk courtgadkari said the loan he was referring to was from the maharashtra government-owned entity sicom to mallya, extended 40 years ago, which he repaid on time without any default.
stating that ups and downs are part and parcel of any business, the road transport minister said if someone goes through a downward cycle, then he or she has to be supported.
there are risks in the business, be it banking or insurance, there are ups and downs.
but, if the mistakes are bona fide, because of global or internal factors in the economy like a recession, then that person who is facing difficulties must be given support, the minister said.
also read | an offender who benefited during upa, brought to book by nda: jaitley on mallya extraditionlikening an election loss to a business failure, he recalled how he lost an election when he was all of 26, but underlined that the loss did not mean that his political career ended.
if nirav modi or vijay mallyaji has committed (financial) fraud then send them to jail, but whoever comes in distress, and if we label them as fraudster then our economy will not progress, he said.
earlier this week, a london court had ordered mallya's extradition, in a major boost to the government's efforts to bring back the fugitive businessman.
ahead of the extradition hearing, the 62-year-old former boss of the now-defunct kingfisher airlines offered to repay the entire principal amount to banks.
gadkari has for long been calling for a more considerate and realistic approach to npas, and indirectly blamed the bankers for the npa mess, saying our banking system is such that it does not support sick companies.
when someone is serious then we put him/her in an icu, but our banking system first puts a sick company in the icu and then ensures that it dies, he quipped.
last month, gadkari had blamed the rbi for complicating project finance, saying over 150 projects involving over rs 2 trillion investments are struggling to get financial closure.
by ptinew delhi: after a row over his seating arrangement at the republic day last year, congress president rahul gandhi was seen sitting in the front row along with union minister nitingadkari gadkari at the 70th republic day celebrations here.
while gandhi got a front row seat, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad was seen seated in the second row behind gandhi, unlike last year when both of them were made to sit in the sixth row.
gandhi, who had taken over as the new congress chief last year from his mother sonia gandhi, was designated the sixth-row seat during the 2018 republic day celebrations, prompting angry protest from his party which accused the government of setting aside traditions and indulging in cheap politics.
also read | india gifts 30 ambulances and 6 buses to nepal on republic daythe congress sources maintained that their party presidents had always been seated in the front row at the republic day parade celebrations at rajpath.
gandhi earlier took to twitter to wish the countrymen on republic day.
best wishes to the countrymen on republic day, he said.
senior party leader p chidambaram also wished the citizens on the occasion.
happy republic day to all.
republic day marks the birth of the constitution of india.
celebrating the constitution is a joy.
saving the constitution is a duty, he tweeted.
!
#republicdayindia pic.
twitter.com/o0vfwced3c  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) january 26, 2019other senior congress leaders also put out a number of messages on their twitter accounts, giving best wishes to the countrymen on republic day.
remembering our founding fathers on the 70th republic day.
it is time to rededicate ourselves to the values of equality, liberty and justice enshrined in our constitution, which make us a great nation.
jai hind, anand sharma said.
by aninew delhi: taxi aggregator uber on tuesday reinforced its commitment to road safety today in the presence of minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari by announcing a slew of measures and initiatives.
as part of its ongoing efforts to encourage road safety awareness, uber will be jointly promoting road safety messaging on the uber app and social media through ministry of road transport and highways co branded materials and mediums.
several advertisements and videos targeting prevention of drunk driving and promotion of rear seat belts and hands on the wheel among other themes, will be prepared and disseminated across the country as part of this safety campaign.
another key initiative towards impacting road safety awareness and education among lakhs of budding drivers both on and off the uber app is the decision to jointly develop learning aids and informational tools that shall guide the driver training program in driving schools across the country.
the ministry of road transport and highways and uber will jointly be preparing the learning materials which will be shared and utilized by over 200 driving schools including many of the govts drivers training institutes (dtis) across the country.
we are committed to reducing fatal road accidents by 50 percent by 2020, being a signatory to the un decade of action for road safety.
this effort to make our roads safer has to be a collaborative multi-pronged initiative that needs joint action from policymakers, civic authorities, automobile industry, civil society and commuters in general.
by jointly promoting road safety messaging among lakhs of riders and by guiding lakhs of driver partners on road safety measures through learning aids, as a part of this alliance, we are focussed on empowering people to make better, safer choices and playing an enabling role in making our roads safer, said pradeep parameswaran, head, operations, uber india and south asia.
the announcements were made in the presence of nitingadkari gadkari, pradeep parameswaran and prabhjeet singh, regional general manager, uber india and south asia.
commemorating the occasion, 15 top rated driver partners from amongst the driver partner community in delhi ncr were felicitated with the service quality excellence award.
the awardees were singled out for their dedication and willingness to go above and beyond the call of duty towards providing riders a superlative experience.
safety is a key priority for uber.
through a combination of technology and two way feedback, we endeavor to improve safety for riders and driver partners before, during and after a ride.
riders can access driver name, vehicle make and registration details before getting into an uber while drivers undergo a stringent background and license verification process before joining the platform.
during a ride, features like share your status, gps, emergency button are aimed at creating strong deterrents against unacceptable behavior.
finally, two-way feedback for riders and driver partners through the rating system as well as in-app support help strengthen the safety paradigm after a ride.
every day in india 16 people are killed in road accidents.
thats one person every 90 minutes.
according to the ministry of road transport and highways, some of the deadliest nights on the road due to drunk driving occur unsurprisingly, during the holiday season when people are out celebrating.
at uber, were changing the way people think about drinking and driving.
since our launch, weve worked hard at empowering people to make better, safer choices by providing a reliable ride at the tap of a button?
?
no matter the time or place.
however, experts are not convinced of the plausibility of this estimate.
i have been talking about seaplanes.
if it starts in india, we have the potential to start 10,000 seaplanes.
we have three to four lakh ponds in india, plenty of dams, 2,000 river ports, 200 small ports and 12 major ports.
it will cost less, gadkari was quoted as saying by a news agency.
seaplanes have been a point of discussion recently in the country after pictures of prime minister narendra modi landing on the sabarmati river in a single-engine seaplane during the gujarat election were circulated in the media.
the government, too, has kept the segment alive with numerous announcements.
at present, the number of seaplanes in india is in single digits and there is no regulatory framework for them in place to operate.
infrastructure for seaplanes is close to non-existence.
air corridor needs to be mapped.
radar and other necessary equipment and permissions have to be put in place.
i am not sure whether these things have been worked out, said jaijit bhattacharya, partner and head, economic, regulatory and policy advisory at kpmg.
currently, there are seaplanes operating in places like goa and andaman and nicobar islands but the light-weight planes have been pulled out from other places due to high cost of flying.
moreover, the unavailability of pilots to fly seaplanes, absence of domestic manufacturing, maintenance, repair and operation facility, building the infrastructure and other challenges make it a long road for sea planes to become a common sight in the indian sky.
it will take some decades for 10,000 seaplanes to fly in india, said an expert requesting anonymity.
by ptinew delhi: the finance ministry has approved the much-awaited policy to scrap vehicles that are more than 15 years old and the document will now go to the gst council, a source said today.
the development comes barely a fortnight after road, transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari has announced that vehicles scrapping policy, aimed at curbing rising vehicular pollution in the country, has almost been finalised.
finance ministry has approved the vehicle scrapping policy.
a cabinet note is getting prepared.
now it will go in the gst council for fixing concessions by the states and the centre, a source in the know of the development said.
the goods and services tax (gst) council will decide the amount of concession that goi and state governments will offer, the source said.
the road transport and highways ministry is keen on implementing the voluntary vehicle fleet modernisation programme (v-vmp) policy that aims at scrapping 15-year-old commercial vehicles in the first phase.
he said once the policy is approved the country is bound to become the hub for automobile industry and the prices were bound to be cheaper as scrap could be used for production of autoparts among other things.
earlier, the road, transport and highways ministry had sent a concept note on voluntary vehicle fleet modernisation programme (v-vmp) to the committee of secretaries on creating an ecosystem for voluntary scrapping and replacement of old polluting vehicles.
the v-vmp policy proposes to take 28 million decade-old vehicles off the road.
as per an earlier proposal, a relief of about rs 5 lakh was to be provided to people who purchase new commercial vehicle of about rs 15 lakh, if they surrender their over 15-year old commercial vehicles.
the draft voluntary vehicle fleet modernisation programme (v-vmp) policy has proposed to bring under its purview vehicles bought on or before march 31, 2005, numbering about 28 million.
by ptinew delhi: private airline indigo is the worst performing carrier for consumers, while national carrier air india has the best luggage policy, said parliamentary panel on civil aviation chairman derek o' brien.
tmc mp o'brien, who heads the parliamentary standing committee on tourism, culture, road, shipping, and aviation, thursday said the panel had taken strong note that during the festive season some airlines were charging 8-10 times more than the normal fares.
addressing a press conference on the panel's latest report, he said, our committee is very clear that the worst performing airline for consumers is indigo.
all 30 members agreed on this.
indigo has not responded despite many complaints.
the way they behave with consumers and charge for just one kg or two kg overweight of air baggage.
every single member (of the panel) is disgusted with the way some private airlines are operating but more so with indigo, it is discourteous.
the airline is very rigid, indigo even charges for one-two kg overweight, this has not been taken very well and the committee is looking into the matter seriously, he said.
derek o'brien asserted these were not only his views but of all members of the panel who are from different parties.
underlining that there were many problems in the aviation sector, the tmc leader said, the committee has recommended that cancellation charges can't be more than 50 per cent of basic fare.
tax and fuel surcharge collected should be refunded to passengers.
airlines are charging too much.
on the luggage policy, brien said the national carrier had the best luggage policy and the other private airlines should also enhance the baggage limit.
air india has best luggage policy the maximum luggage limit prescribed by the airlines, except air india, should be enhanced, he said, adding that baggage charges are also on higher side.
brien said there are five ministries under the purview of the standing committee unlike other panels, where there is only one ministry.
he also applauded nitingadkari gadkari, who is heading the shipping ministry for improvement in cargo handling in india.
by ptinew delhi: senior bjp leader and union home minister rajnath singh says there is a need to review article 370 and 35-a that grants special status to jammu and kashmir to establish whether these constitutional provisions have benefited or done damage to the militancy-hit state.
singh's remark comes against the backdrop of the bjp's stand in its manifesto pledging to abrogate article 370 and 35-a of the constitution.
bjp president amit shah has also repeatedly spoken about scrapping these provisions during the lok sabha poll campaign.
the home minister also said a decision on holding assembly elections in the state was the prerogative of the election commission but indicated a decision could be announced after the completion of the lok sabha polls.
singh was replying to a question recently as to whether bjp thinks that abrogation of article 370 of the constitution will help resolve the kashmir issue which he termed as challenging.
kashmir ek chunauti hai lekin uska hal jaldi niklega (kashmir is a challenge but it will be resolved soon), said singh, who was the chairman of the bjp manifesto committee.
when pointedly asked whether abrogation of article 370 and 35a was a solution, singh said, muje yeh lagta hai ki sameksha kee jani chahiye ki dhara 370 ya 35-a ke karan kashmir ko laab hua hai ya haani (i feel that a review should be done whether article 370 or 35-a has benefited kashmir or damaged it).
the statement of singh also comes close on the heels of the statement made by another senior bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari that the bjp is committed to abrogating article 370.
gadkari also went on to say during a tv interview that because of the sensitive situation, it's not appropriate to implement that (abrogation of article 370).
we were in power with full majority this time, still we did no go ahead.
while article 370 gives special status to the state of jammu and kashmir, article 35-a empowers state's legislature to define permanent resident of the state and reserve their right to employment besides other privileges.
asked about the timing of assembly elections in the state, singh said that no doubt the polls should be held.
the need for security forces for assembly elections is huge and there was a need for deployment in other states as well for lok sabha polls.
now that the parliamentary polls are nearing end, the election commission can decide on the dates.
the state was placed under governor's rule on june 19 last year after the bjp unceremoniously withdrew support from the pdp led by mehbooba mufti.
the assembly was dissolved on november 21 by governor satya pal malik who claimed that he took the step to prevent horse trading.
after six months of governor's rule, the state was brought under president's rule on december 19, 2018 for a period of six months as elections could not be held within six months of imposition of governor's rule.
the current spell of the president's rule will have to be extended again on may 19.
the extension of president's rule must also be ratified by parliament once the new lok sabha is constituted.
by ptimumbai: union minister nitingadkari gadkari sunday said even a transgender would bear children but an irrigation scheme in maharashtra's sangli district would never be completed.
the bjp leader's comments came on a day he accused a section of the media of twisting his remarks on leadership owning up to defeat which he had made in pune saturday.
the economic viability of the tembhu lift irrigation scheme was so difficult.
that once i had shared my views with a person over it .
read| opposition parties, media 'twisted' my statements: nitingadkari gadkarithe lift irrigation project is about fetching water from the krishna river basin and irrigating the arid region of sangli district to increase agriculture production.
gadkari was attending the event to mark completion of irrigation works of the fourth stage of the lift-irrigation scheme.
the construction work of the fifth stage is expected to be completed soon.
the tembhu lift irrigation project was administratively approved in 1996 for rs 1,416.
59 crore.
the project envisages lifting of 22.
12 tmc water from the krishna river to irrigate 80,472 hectares of land in satara, sangli and solapur districts.
loyalty of the leadership towards the organisation will not be proved till the time it owns up responsibility for defeat.
the remarks had come days after the bjp's dismal show in elections in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh.
however, he sunday said the bjp is going to contest the 2019 lok sabha election under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi and accused the media of twisting his remarks.
by aninew delhi: the rajya sabha will take up the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill '18, popularly known as triple talaq bill, on thursday for consideration and passing.
the bill criminalises the practice of instant triple talaq with a provision of 3 years' imprisonment to the husband.
the upper house could not discuss the bill on wednesday due to repeated adjournments following the ruckus created by opposition members over the bill and the centre's approval to karnataka's mekedatu dam on cauvery river.
the triple talaq bill was passed in the lok sabha on december 27 last year with 245 votes in favour and 11 against the bill.
the opposition parties want the bill to be sent to the select committee of parliament for further vetting, a demand rejected by the centre.
according to the business list, the upper house will also take up for consideration and passing the national council for technical education (ncte) amendment bill '18, and right of children to free and compulsory education amendment bill '18, the appropriation (no.
6) bill '18.
union shipping and road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari will also make a statement on mekedatu project of karnataka.
aiadmk leader and deputy lok sabha speaker m thambi durai has said the centre's nod to mekedatu project is the bjp's electoral ploy.
the winter session of parliament, which began on december 11, will conclude on january 8.
also read | bjp veteran sanghpriya gautam: make shivraj singh chouhan party chief, nitingadkari gadkari deputy pmone of the major reasons for road accidents is flawed engineering.
we have already identified the black spots.
we are spending more than rs 20,000 crore only for implementing this and making underpasses, flyovers etc, the road and transport minister said.
he said road safety issue requires more public awareness besides a serious approach in important factors like issuance of driving licences.
we have also suggested to state governments to include chapters on road safety in primary education.
government is also taking preventive measures in the auto industry like seat belt reminders, gadkari added.
as per the report 'rear seat belt usage and child road safety in india', 90 per cent of the total 6,306 respondents said they do not use rear safety belts.
the report also revealed that despite 92.
8 per cent respondents being aware of the safety benefits of child helmets, only 20.
1 per cent owned a child helmet.
as per the latest data released by road and transport ministry, 9,408 children lost their lives to road crashes in 2017 alone.
while there have been various initiatives undertaken to raise awareness around road safety in india, the importance of wearing rear seat belts has been completely neglected, nissan india president thomas kuehl said.
he added that the company along with savelife foundation and sharp has set a target to reach out and educate over 2 lakh children in 240 schools across 12 cities on the usage of rear seat belts, and road safety.
by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: close on the heels of congress president rahul gandhis road show in wayanad which created ripples, the state is set to witness another high-profile campaigning - by prime minister narendra modi on april 12 and 18.
bjp general secretary mt ramesh said modi would address a campaign rally of nda in kozhikode on april 12.
though the programme on april 18 has not been confirmed yet, he is expected to address a rally in the state capital.
follow our elections coverage herestar campaigners to address nda rallies in the statethe bjp state unit has put forth the demand that the pm should campaign in wayanad as well, said ramesh.
bjp national president amit shah and union minister smriti irani will campaign in wayanad, where the aicc chief is contesting.
irani and shah, who will be in kerala on april 9 and 17 respectively, will attend the campaign in wayanad on their second visit to the state.
in addition to modi and shah, an array of senior bjp leaders and star campaigners including union ministers sushma swaraj (april 11), rajnath singh (april 13), nitingadkari gadkari (april 15), nirmala sitharaman (april 16) and rk singh (april 9) will make it to kerala.
partys national leaders shanavas hussain and bs yeddyurappa will also campaign in the state for the nda candidates.
by ptimeerut: veteran bjp leader and one of the party's founding members sanghpriya gautam sunday suggested radical changes within the organisation and the government if the saffron party wishes to retain power at the centre after the lok sabha polls.
the 88-year-old leader advocated making former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan the party chief, union minister nitingadkari gadkari the deputy prime minister and home minister rajnath singh the chief minister of uttar pradesh.
if it is not done, it will difficult for narendra modi to come back as prime minister, the former union minister told pti over phone.
changes in the organisation and the government were necessary to save the party and enthuse the workers, he said.
his statements come in the backdrop of bjp facing electoral losses in three hindi heartland states of madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan, besides failing to perform well in telangana and mizoram in recently held elections.
he counted some reasons for the party's and the government's poor performance.
talking about amending the constitution, replacing the planning commission with the niti aayog, interfering with the working of the supreme court, the rbi, the cbi and decisions taken in the economic sector had adverse impact, he said.
also, indulging in horse-trading for forming governments in goa and manipur, imposing president's rule in uttarakhand and forming government in karnataka for one day were irrational decisions, according to the leader.
gautam said he wrote an open letter to the party on december 13 about these issues.
in his letter he wrote that takin up issues of religion, mandir-masjid politics, renaming cities and increase in violence in the name of cow protection, while ignoring the problem of corruption, price rise and black money led to the public losing its faith in the party, he said.
it is necessary for the bjp to come back to power and modi to become prime minister once again.
but alongside that changes in the party and government are also imperative.
change will fill the workers with trust, he said.
by ptichandigarh: the kartarpur corridor from dera baba nanak in punjab's gurdaspur district up to the international border will cost rs 85-rs 100 crore, officials said wednesday.
the corridor will facilitate easy passage to the sikh pilgrims to the historic gurdwara darbar sahib in pakistan's kartarpur.
gurdwara darbar sahib is located on the banks of the ravi river in pakistan, where guru nanak dev, the founder of sikhism, had spent 18 years of his life.
the corridor will be built by the national highways authority of india (nhai).
punjab public works department minister vijay inder singla said, a sum of rs 85 crore to 100 crore is estimated to be spent on constructing the kartarpur corridor.
it will also involve cost of land acquisition for the four-lane highway from dera baba nanak up to the international border, he said.
the union cabinet had on november 22 decided to develop and build the passage from dera baba nanak in gurdaspur district to the international border.
kartarpur is located in shakargarh in narowal district of pakistan's punjab.
the gurdwara in kartarpur is located about three to four km from the indo-pak border in pakistan.
the pakistan government had also held the groundbreaking ceremony of the corridor on their side on november 28.
the punjab cabinet had recently passed a special resolution to set up a dera baba nanak development authority for the development and beautification of the area in and around dera baba nanak.
a kartarpur gate has also been proposed to be set up on the indian side of the international border which would stand out as a monumental symbol to commemorate the 550th 'prakash purb' (birth anniversary) of guru nanak dev.
by iansdera baba nanak (punjab): a massive political slug-fest was played out on monday in full public view, shoving protocol to the side in the presence of vice president m venkaiah naidu, as political leaders from opposing sides in punjab bared it at what was meant to be solemn celebration related to the kartarpur sahib gurdwara corridor project.
naidu and punjab chief minister amarinder singh on monday laid the digital foundation stone of a road project that will link the kartarpur corridor (in pakistan) by pressing a button.
the actual foundation stone was removed by the authorities just three hours before the event after punjab cabinet minister and local legislator sukhjinder singh randhawa objected to the names of former chief minister parkash singh badal, shiromani akali dal president sukhbir singh badal and union minister harsimrat badal on the foundation stone.
a clearly upset randhawa announced that he would 'boycott' the foundation stone ceremony and even put black tape on the stone where the names of chief minister amarinder singh, punjab pwd minister vijay singla and his own (randhawa) were put on the foundation stone along with the names of the badals.
officials of the national highway authority of india (nhai), sensing that the situation could get unpleasant in the presence of dignitaries, removed the foundation stone and replaced it with the digital one.
the foundation on the screen carried the names of vice president naidu, punjab governor v.p. singh badnore, chief minister amarinder singh and union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari.
though the ceremony was to celebrate the approval of the governments of india and pakistan to allow the kartarpur corridor to enable people to pray at the gurdwara in pakistan, leaders of the akali dal and its ally bjp on one side and punjab's ruling congress on the other not only indulged in running each other down and claiming credit for getting the project cleared but even raised slogans against each other in the presence of the vice president.
also read: punjab cm declines pak invite over terror attacks and indian soldiers' killingsharsimrat badal, in her address at the function, took a dig at the congress leaders over the 1984 anti-sikh riots.
there was immediate sloganeering against her by congress leaders and activists.
when gurdaspur mp and punjab congress president sunil jakhar was giving his vote of thanks, he hit back at the akali dal leadership by making punjab a drugs hub.
this led to protests and sloganeering by akali dal leaders, including harsimrat's brother and former minister bikram singh majithia.
earlier, randhawa was seen speaking and gesturing angrily to officers making while they made arrangements for the high-profile function.
the minister, the congress legislator from dera baba nanak, was visibly disturbed and shouted at officers.
he later told a tv channel: i will not boycott the function but i will boycott the foundation stone itself.
i cannot see my name and those of my ministerial colleagues along with the badals.
the badals have no contribution in getting the kartarpur corridor project cleared.
they ruled punjab from 1997 to 2002 and again for 10 years (2007-17).
did they come here to offer prayers while in power?
they are only trying to take credit (for the kartarpur corridor) just because they (akali dal) have an alliance with the bjp, the minister said.
randhawa blamed the nhai officers for the foundation stone controversy.
he said that he had serious objections to the foundation stone carrying the names of the badals.
the sanctity of the function should have been kept.
the foundation stone should have carried only the names of the vice president and chief minister amarinder singh, randhawa said.
the minister was also upset that the congress leadership in punjab, including him (as the local minister and legislator), gurdaspur mp sunil jakhar (the punjab congress president) and cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu were being deliberately ignored for the function while all attention was being given to the badal family.
randhawa's outburst came even as the sad-bjp and congress leaders in punjab were in the midst of a major controversy in claiming credit for getting the kartarpur corridor project cleared by the governments of india and pakistan.
the nda government at the centre, of which the sad is a part, approved the project in punjab linked to the kartarpur corridor on november 22.
the date of the foundation stone was hurriedly decided for november 26 to ensure that it was done before pakistan prime minister imran khan laid the foundation stone of the actual kartarpur corridor in pakistan on november 28 (wednesday).
the congress government in punjab was going to hold its own function here this week but chief minister amarinder singh decided to be part of the central government function itself.
the sad-bjp combine leadership has also been trying hard to take the credit away from state cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu who in august went to pakistan for the swearing-in of his cricketing friend imran khan and was the first to announce that pakistan was keen to open the kartarpur corridor for devotees from india.
the akali dal leadership, including harsimrat badal, branded sidhu as a 'traitor' for hugging pakistan army chief general qamar javed bajwa at the swearing-in function.
they questioned his statements regarding pakistan's move on the kartarpur corridor.
harsimrat badal is now herself headed to pakistan as the central government's representative for the foundation stone ceremony of the kartarpur corridor on wednesday.
sidhu is also going for the same event.
it was at the kartarpur gurdwara, which is located around two to three kilometre from the india-pakistan border and is situated right opposite the border belt in dera baba nanak in indian punjab's gurdaspur district, that sikhism founder, guru nanak dev (1469-1539), spent 18 years of his life till he died in 1539.
the gurdwara, which fell in pakistan territory following the partition of india in 1947, has major significance in sikh religion and history.
for the past over 71 years, even since partition, sikhs have been offering prayers near the international border.
by express news servicenew delhi: putting a spotlight on the grim outlook on water quality in the country, niti aayog stated that about 70 per cent of the water in the country is contaminated and about two lakh people die every year due to inadequate access to safe water.
the think tank panel noted that currently about 600 million indians face high to extreme water stress and predicted that 40 per cent of indias population will have no access to water supply by 2030.
releasing the first of its kind report on water management index for states, niti aayog underlined that india ranked 120 out of 122 countries on the water quality index.
while three-fourths of the households in the country are without access to drinking water, niti aayog stated that a whopping 84 per cent of the people in the rural parts of the country are without a piped water supply.
the niti aayog further pointed out that states scoring poorly on the water management index account for half the population and food basket of the country.
ranking gujarat and madhya pradesh at top two positions on water management index, the niti aayog in its maiden report on the subject found jharkhand and haryana to be worst performers.
the think tank panel also ruled that most of the states dont have a well-developed mechanism to compile data on water management while slamming them for not prioritising water quality improvement.
the panel noted that while 45 per cent of the population in the non-himalayan states are charged for water, only 37 per cent in the himalayan states paid for access to water.
the report was released by union minister nitingadkari gadkari, who holds the portfolio of water resources, in the presence of the vice-chairman of the niti aayog rajiv kumar.
in north-eastern and himalayan states, tripura has been adjudged as the top state in 2016-17 followed by himachal pradesh, sikkim and assam.
in terms of incremental change in the index (over 2015-16 level), rajasthan holds top position in general states and tripura amongst north-eastern and the himalayan states.
niti aayog proposes to publish these ranks on an annual basis in future, kumar told reporters.
by express news servicenew delhi: senior bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday asserted that development credentials should be the main poll plank in the elections.
gadkari rejected the congress poll plank of nyay, saying that the opposition couldnt do justice to victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots and instead had promoted the accused within the party.
i undertook development projects worth rs 85,000 crore in nagpur constituency.
i consequently reached out to people on my development credentials.
the senior bjp leader claimed that his ministry had carried out projects worth rs 55,000 crore in the national capital region.
the same slogan was repeated at the time of elections by indira gandhi, rajiv gandhi and manmohan singh.
by ptimumbai: union minister nitingadkari gadkari sunday said political leaders who sell dreams to people, but fail to make them a reality get beaten up by the public.
the minister, who handles a host of infrastructure-related portfolios in the modi government, asserted he is a doer and delivers on his promises.
gadkari was speaking at a function where bollywood actor isha koppikar joined the bjp and was made working president of the party's women transport wing.
people like (political) leaders who sell them dreams.
i am not the one who only sells dreams, but i deliver 100 per cent what i talk about, he said.
gadkari, a former bjp president, also spoke about his stint as maharashtra's pwd minister when the shiv sena-bjp government was in power (1995-99) in the state.
the media persons in mumbai know what kind of a person i am as they have seen how i complete projects.
they do trust me, said the 61-year-old politician from nagpur.
people used to laugh at me when i, as pwd minister, used to claim that i was going to build over 50 flyovers in mumbai, and bring down the travel time between mumbai and pune to merely two hours (via 91-km expressway).
i was ridiculed but i proved them wrong and completed every project i had promised, gadkari asserted.
the remarks had come days after the bjp's dismal show in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh assembly elections.
the meet was embroiled in a controversy after an invitation to writer nayantara sahgal was withdrawn apparently under pressure from a political party.
the people who are in universities, educational institutions, literature and poetry, they should be dealing with their (respective) areas.
an official later clarified that it was not a new decision and that the water resources minister was simply reiterating what he has always said.
under the leadership of hon'ble pm sri @narendramodi ji, our govt.
has decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir and punjab, gadkari tweeted.
the reiteration to stop the flow of indus water to pakistan comes amid mounting indo-pak tension over the pulwama terror strike that has triggered demands for action against the neighbouring country.
india has already decided to revoke the most favoured nation status to pakistan and mounted a diplomatic offensive to isolate it in the international community.
read here | surplus water to be used by punjab, haryana, rajasthan: jitendra singh on stopping water to pakistanregarding the tweet (by gadkari) about indus treaty, this is not a new decision.
mantriji is simply reiterating what he has always said.
he is talking about diverting india's share of indus water which was going to pakistan - and he has always been saying this, information officer in-charge of water resources ministry neeta prasad said when asked about the issue.
there were demands to stop flow of india's share of indus water to pakistan after the uri terror attack in 2016.
officials said the actual implementation of the decision may take up to six years as dams as high as 100 metres will have to be built to stop flow of water.
under the indus water treaty signed in 1960, the waters of the western rivers -- the indus, jhelum, and chenab -- was given to pakistan and those of the eastern rivers -- the ravi, beas, and sutlej -- to india.
india's share of water from ravi, beas and sutlej rivers came to 33 million acres feet (maf).
while about 95 per cent of the water was being used in the country after the construction of three main dams across the rivers, close to 5 per cent water or 1.
6 maf would flow to pakistan.
the construction of dam has started at shahpur- kandi on ravi river.
moreover, ujh project will store our share of water for use in j&k and the balance water will flow from 2nd ravi-beas link to provide water to other basin states.
nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) february 21, 2019to gain access to this water, india is now building more dams which will be completed in six years, officials said.
moreover, ujh project will store our share of water for use in j&k and the balance water will flow from 2nd ravi-beas link to provide water to other basin states.
after the formation of india and pakistan, pakistan got three rivers, and india got three rivers.
the rightful water of our three rivers was flowing to pakistan.
now we will build three projects on them, and divert the water to river yamuna, he said.
the union cabinet in december had approved the shahpurkandi dam project on the ravi river in punjab, a move that was intended to help india arrest its share of water flowing into pakistan.
for this, a central assistance of rs 485.
38 crore for irrigation component over five years from 2018-19 to 2022-23 was also announced.
in september 2018, the punjab and the jammu and kashmir governments had signed an agreement to resume works on the rs 2,793-crore shahpur-kandi project, according to officials.
though the work on the project began in 2013, it was halted due to certain issues raised by j-k.
by ptiahmedabad: bjp president amit shah saturday said the 2019 lok sabha elections will be fought only on the issue of who will lead the country after the polls.
addressing a rally here before filing his nomination papers for the gandhinagar lok sabha seat, shah claimed that in prime minister narendra modi, people saw the leader they had been waiting for since the last 70 years.
union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari and leaders of nda allies, including shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, sad supremo parkash singh badal and ljp founder ram vilas paswan were present on the stage with shah.
follow our election coverage hereduring my visits to different places in the country, i found people chanting only modi's name to lead the country, shah said.
this election will be fought only on the issue of who will lead the country.
when i ask this question to people from himachal to kanyakumari and from kamrup to gandhinagar, i can only hear one sound -- 'modi, modi, modi' he said.
ahmedabad: bjp president amit shah pays tribute to sardar vallabhbhai patel, he will file his nomination for gandhinagar parliamentary constituency today.
#gujarat pic.
twitter.com/hl1a0fupmx  ani (@ani) march 30, 2019in narendra modi, people have found the leader they had been waiting for since the last 70 years, shah said.
he said it was his good fortune to file his nomination papers from gandhinagar, which has been represented by l k advani, ataji (a b vajpayee) and purshottam ganesh mavlankar in the past.
ahmedabad: union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, piyush goyal, ram vilas pasawn, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, shiromani akali dal leader parkash singh badal & others at 'vijay sankalp sabha', ahead of amit shah's filing of nomination from gandhinagar ls constituency.
pic.
twitter.com/9myzfmprwe  ani (@ani) march 30, 2019the bjp chief's lok sabha poll debut from the gandhinagar constituency will mark a generational shift in the party as this seat has been held by advani since 1998.
the state bjp feels that shah's nomination will energise the party in gujarat and help it win all the 26 lok sabha seats in the state.
by ptiyavatamal: a two-minute silence was observed during a public function attended by prime minister narendra modi in yavatmal district on saturday to pay homage to the 40 crpf personnel killed in a terror attack in jammu and kashmir's pulwama.
union ministers nitingadkari gadkari and hansraj ahir, maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis and governor ch vidyasagar rao were present at the event.
forty crpf personnel were killed and five injured in one of the deadliest terror attacks in jammu and kashmir on thursday, when a jaish-e-mohammed suicide bomber rammed a vehicle carrying over 100 kg of explosives into their bus in pulwama district.
at the event in pandharkawada here, the prime minister inaugurated an eklavya model residential school for tribal students and handed over the keys of houses constructed under the pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay) to some of the beneficiaries.
modi flaged off the ajni (nagpur)-pune train service through video link and also distributed certificates and cheques under the maharashtra state rural livelihoods mission (msrlm) to women self-help groups.
he will inaugurate the lower panazara medium project under the pradhan mantri krishi sinchan yojana (pmksy) in dhule district of maharashtra later in the day.
modi will also lay foundation stones of sulwade jamphal kanoli lift irrigation scheme and dhule city water supply scheme.
the prime minister is also scheduled to lay foundation stone of dhule-nardana and jalgaonmanmad third railway line, besides flagging off the bhusaval-bandra khandesh express through video link.
namita bajpai byexpress news servicelucknow: expressing concern over the developments in west bengal, samajwadi party president and former up cm akhilesh yadav urged the people of india in an open letter on tuesday to preserve the democratic values and tenets of constitution.
he claimed that the democratic republic of india was being systematically hollowed out and destroyed in the present times.
in a dramatic turn of events, there was an unprecedented face-off between west bengal cm mamata banerjee and the premier probe agency central bureau of investigation (cbi) when the latter went to quiz west bengal top cop rajeev kumar over sardah chit fund scam case on sunday evening.
opposing the cbi move, the state police packed the probe team in a police vehicle and whisked it away to a police station.
in the meantime, cm mamata banerjee began a sit-in protest in kolkataagainst alleged misuse of cbi by the bjp ruled centre to settle scores with political rivals.
the sp chief in his letter maintained that the attack on the state of west bengal was an attack on the tenets of constitution and also the dreams of its founding fathers who were obliquely opposed to the views espoused by the bjp and the rss.
today our sovereignty, natural resources, and our youth are being sold to the famous few industrialists who fund the bjp as long as they deliver policies that benefit them, wrote the sp chief.
he charged the ruling party with dividing the society on communal lines and communities were being stripped of their aspirations.
social equality is a distant dream and a government responsible for the highest unemployment levels in 45 years is telling unemployed youth to become an easily disposable cog in gig economy because creating jobs is too much a work, he explained.
touching the issue of mob lynching, akhilesh claimed that the minorities were living in fear in the country.
he even targeted the media saying it was corrupted and was on the brink of destroying a nation and everything it stood for.
the sp chief flagged out the point in his letter that in the present scenario, the dispensation, which wanted to be in power for 50 years, was following a simple formula of embroiling the unfriendly opposition leaders in legal battles, implicating them in false cases and branding them as anti-national and seditious.
using modi minister nitingadkari gadkari's recent statement to beat the pm, akhilesh wrote: these naked political attacks being orchestrated by the two-and-a-half men who run this country.
we need a strong man but our prime minister is far from a strong man.
he then quoted gadkari saying: one who cannot manage his home, cannot manage the country.
he called upon the judiciary, ias, ips and other institutions including cbi to prevail over the constant attacks on them and fight back with integrity.
he also exhorted the media persons to speak the truth without fear or favour.
please do not allow this motley group of two and a half men to erode the very basis of our country, he wrote.
by ptinagpur: union minister nitingadkari gadkari friday backed his party colleague and maharashtra forest minister sudhir mungantiwar on the killing of tigress avni.
the tigress, who was believed to have turned man-eater and killed 13 people in the last two years in yavatmal district's pandharkawda area, was shot dead in borati forest there last friday.
the killing of t1, as the tigress was officially known, led to outrage among animal lovers and wildlife organisations.
also read: tigress avni was killed to 'save' anil ambani's project, says mns chief raj thackerayunion minister maneka gandhi had lashed out at the maharashtra government and had dubbed it a ghastly murder.
the maharashtra government, however, defended itself with mungantiwar, earlier, calling the incident sad but necessary after the tigress attacked forest staff trying to tranquilise it.
no one wants to kill a tiger but what can be done when the tiger turns man-eater.
he said the forest department, under mungantiwar, ordered the killing of the tigress only as a last option.
by express news servicevijayawada: in what could give some much-needed impetus to polavaram project works, the union water resources ministry has given green signal to the spillway and spill channel works of the irrigation project being handed over to navayuga engineering company ltd (necl).
an agreement is expected to be entered within a weeks time, after which the company will begin construction.
representatives of polavaram project authority (ppa) and state water resources department met union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari in new delhi on tuesday to arrive at a consensus.
finally, the centre has agreed to hand over the spillway and spill channel works of polavaram to necl as per old rates, said secretary of water resources to the state shashi bhushan kumar.
by ptinew delhi: the much-awaited vehicle scrap policy was given 'in-principle' approval at a high-level meeting at the pmo to pave way for mandatorily disposal of commercial vehicles (cv) that are more than 20 years old from april 1, 2020, an official said.
the development follows road, transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari's announcement that the vehicles scrapping policy, aimed at curbing vehicular pollution, has almost been finalised.
a high-level meeting, chaired by principal secretary to the prime minister and comprising secretaries from different ministries in principle approved the vehicle scrapping policy today, the official, who did not wish to be quoted, said.
the policy will be effective from april 1, 2020, and life of the commercial vehicle for scrapping has been fixed at 20 years, the official added.
the meeting was attended by niti aayog ceo amitabh kant, secretaries of finance, road, transport and highways, heavy industries and steel departments, among others.
a source in the know said that the matter will go to the gst council where it has been requested to reduce the gst rate to 18 per cent from 28 per cent for a new commercial vehicle that would be purchased in place of a scrapped vehicle.
the gst council will decide the amount of concession that the centre and the states will offer.
the overall benefit of buying a new vehicle in place of scrapped vehicle would be about 15-20 per cent of the new vehicle cost, the source said.
asked whether the cabinet nod is required for the policy, the official said that though the nod is not required but since it is a major decision so it may go to the cabinet.
the finance ministry recently approved the policy.
the steel ministry will come out with recommendations for scrapping centres while the environment and forest ministry will come out with rules and regulations, the official said.
the ministry of road transport and highways may come out with a notification in this regard within three months and based on that the states will be consulted.
the road transport and highways ministry is keen on implementing the voluntary vehicle fleet modernisation programme (v-vmp) policy that aims at scrapping 20-year-old commercial vehicles in the first phase.
earlier, the road, transport and highways ministry had sent a concept note on voluntary vehicle fleet modernisation programme (v-vmp) to the committee of secretaries on creating an ecosystem for voluntary scrapping and replacement of old polluting vehicles.
the v-vmp policy proposes to take 28 million decade-old vehicles off the road.
by ptinew delhi: former bjp leader yashwant sinha threw his hat in the race for prime ministership on monday when he declared himself as the closest person who could deliver on job creation, building roads, townships and industries.
sinha, a former finance minister during the atal bihari vajpayee-led previous nda government, also said that transport minister nitingadkari gadkari would not succeed prime minister narendra modi as he and bjp chief amit shah will not retire even if the bjp fell below the 200-seat mark in 2019 lok sabha polls.
the former bjp lawmaker said the problem in the country was non-creation of crores of jobs and millions of kilometres of roads.
india needs a leader who can make agriculture profitable and set up irrigation projects, townships and industries, he said.
also read: modi government playing mischief with developmental statistics: yashwant sinhawe have to do a lot of work in this country.
we will have to find somebody who is prepared to buy this theory and start doing it, he said.
asked who the person could be, sinha told ndtv, there is nobody in my mind.
asked who was closest to deliver all this, he said, the closest is me, myself, what i am, leading to laughter in the audience of the event hosted by the channel.
i am very close behind him, said cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury, seated next to him, when asked if he endorsed sinha.
various opposition parties are seeking to unite to put up a united front to defeat the modi-led bjp in general elections, with the bjp taking a swipe at them saying all are prime ministerial aspirants in the opposition camp.
about speculation on whether gadkari would succeed modi, the disgruntled former bjp mp said, there is no hope in hell for that.
sinha said what he is saying is because i know the kind of vice-like grip the current prime minister and the party president have over the bjp and even after the loss in elections where they could be below 200, they will not retire from their leadership.
it is a very fond hope that some media people are nursing that gadkari might succeed modi, he said, negating the possibility.
by ptinew delhi: bjp chief amit shah tuesday hosted a dinner for leaders of nda allies that was attended by top leaders including prime minister narendra modi, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and shiv sena supremo uddhav thackeray among others.
the dinner was followed by a meeting in which nearly two dozen allies facilitated prime minister modi.
all nda partners came one after another and felicitated him with a shawl.
top leaders of the nda were sitting on the dais with modi, on whose one side was shah and on other its was sad's parkash singh badal, the senior most leader of the alliance.
follow our full election coverage herebesides them nitish, thackeray, union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari were also there.
the meeting follows another meeting of the council of ministers called by shah to thank them for their service to the nation.
also read| narendra modi likens his lok sabha campaign to pilgrimage at meeting with bjp ministersthe nda meeting assumes significance as it has been called just days before the announcement of the lok sabha poll's results on may 23, in which almost all the exit polls have projected the alliance getting clear majority in the lower house.
by ptinew delhi: the protesting dmk and aiadmk lawmakers have said they are ready to face action for disrupting proceedings of the rajya sabha over the cauvery issue, however, the government is holding hectic parleys to find a solution, sources said wednesday.
with the upper house failing to transact any business, chairman m venkaiah naidu wednesday held meetings with protesting members of various parties and asked the government to find a solution to the mekedatu dam issue over which aiadmk and dmk members are protesting.
sources said, parliamentary affairs minister vijay goel has told the protesting lawmakers of the two parties that water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari will discuss the issue with them.
home minister rajnath singh will also talk to them along with gadkari to reach an amicable solution and meet their demands.
the tamil nadu parties are protesting in the rajya sabha and the lok sabha against the proposed mekedatu dam in karnataka on the cauvery river, claiming that it will affect farmers in their state.
due to similar disruptions in the lok sabha, speaker sumitra mahajan suspended 26 aiadmk lawmakers for the next five sittings.
they frequently interrupted a heated debate on the rafale fighter jet deal.
with the upper house failing to transact any significant business since the start of the winter session on december 11, the chairman has warned of action against the protesting members of the tamil nadu parties if they seek to disrupt rajya sabha proceedings any further.
tamil nadu has been protesting the project after the centre recently asked the karnataka government to prepare a detailed report for the mekedatu dam project.
the state government has also appealed in the supreme court on the matter.
the sources said initially the protesting aiadmk and dmk members had agreed to allow the house to function on the government's assurance over the issue.
however, they later said their leadership in tamil nadu did not agree to mere assurances, they said.
thereafter, the protesting members told naidu they were ready to face action, including naming by the chair, the sources said.
however, the leader of opposition and other senior leaders said it would not be proper to remove the protesting members from the house with the use of marshals after they are named by the chair, they said.
they have asked for one more chance to be given to the protesting members from the aiadmk and the dmk to resolve their issues, the sources said.
venkaiah naidu had earlier in the house expressed anguish that the image of the rajya sabha was taking a beating and warned that action could be taken against members protesting in the well.
he had earnestly requested members to cooperate in clearing bills and taking up discussions on issues such as those related to the rafale deal, agrarian crisis, price rise and effect of cyclones in some states.
naidu said action would be taken against members protesting in the well, if there is consensus in the house.
also read | dmk chief mk stalin says rahul gandhi has spoken the truth on rafale deal in parliamenthowever, he added that action would be against all members who troop into the well.
it cannot be selective, naidu said.
the sources said naidu held two rounds of meetings with leaders of various parties in the rajya sabha to ensure the smooth functioning of the house.
he also asked the government to find an amicable solution to the mekedatu issue, they said.
the first meeting between naidu and political parties was held before he released the rajya sabha calendar for 2019, while the second round was held later in the day.
naidu reminded the leaders that only four sittings of the house were left while substantial legislative agenda and issues of public importance awaited consideration of the house.
he said these issues included some constitutional matter pertaining to jammu and kashmir and some bills on which there was a clear understanding among parties.
some senior leaders of various parties urged mps from tamil nadu to stop disrupting proceedings of the house and assured them that the government will adequately respond to their concerns regarding construction of the proposed mekadatu dam, the rajya sabha chairman said.
by aninew delhi: in a veiled reference to bjp president amit shah, union transport minister nitingadkari gadkari stated that the party president should take onus if mlas and mps are underperforming.
gadkari's remark comes just days after he stirred a controversy with party leadership should own up to defeat and failures comment, which he clarified later.
the bjp leader's latest remark seems to be in sharp criticism of his party's leadership.
if one looks closely, the success of the home ministry today is because of their trained and skilled ias and ips officers.
proper training is the most important part.
i believe that overall, majority of the ips, ias officers are clean and does a good job but if i am the party president, and my mps and mlas are not doing well, then who is responsible?
the 61-year-old said on monday while addressing intelligence bureau officials during the 31st ib endowment lecture at vigyan bhawan in new delhi.
this statement from gadkari comes a few weeks after bjp faced defeat in three hindi heartlands'- chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan recently concluded assembly elections.
post the drubbing in elections, gadkari, on december 23, stated, party leadership should own up to defeat and failures, adding that nobody is willing to take responsibility of failure, unlike success.
although he later clarified his statement on micro-blogging site twitter and stated, in the last few days, i have noticed a sinister campaign by some opposition parties and a section of the media to twist my statements and use them out of context and draw politically motivated inferences to malign me and my party.
i have time and again strongly refuted such insinuations and once again condemn all these malafide and mischievous out of context reports attributed to me.
let me make it clear once and for all that conspiracies to create a wedge between me and the bjp leadership will never succeed.
i have been clarifying my position at various forums and shall continue to do so and expose these nefarious designs of our detractors, he wrote on twitter.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp national council, the party's largest organisational body, will meet here on january 11-12, while its key wings will hold meetings across the country in the coming weeks as it steps up its campaign for the lok sabha polls in 2019.
the dates were finalised at a meeting, which was chaired by bjp president amit shah, of the party's office bearers and key leaders from states but there was no discussion on its defeat in the five state polls, party general secretary bhupendra yadav told a press conference.
the state poll results were not on the agenda, he said.
the bjp suffered a big blow in the polls as it lost power in three states, madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and rajasthan, ruled by it.
party sources said there could be an informal discussion on the matter during the meetings between shah and chiefs of the state units concerned.
yadav said the meeting was scheduled long in advance and preparations for the 2019 lok sabha polls were its agenda.
dates of the meeting of the seven 'morchas', party's key wings focussed on different demographic groups, were also finalised.
the youth, women, scheduled castes, and minorities wings will be meeting respectively on december 15-16, december 21-22, january 19-20 and january 31-february 1 in delhi, ahmedabad, nagpur and delhi.
the scheduled tribes, other backward communities and farmers wings will hold their respective meetings on february 2-3, february 15-16 and february 21-22 in bhubaneswar, patna and uttar pradesh, yadav said.
top party leaders, including prime minister narendra modi and union ministers rajnath singh and nitingadkari gadkari besides shah, will be addressing these meetings.
the party sources said shah also took stock of work on various tasks assigned to state party units to build dedicated teams of youths, women and people belonging to weaker sections of societies, groups the party has been wooing.
the meetings of different party wings highlight the bjp's efforts to reach out to different sections of society ahead of the lok sabha polls as it works to retain power at the centre.
the opposition's growing challenge to its reign was reaffirmed following the congress' win in madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh, which has been bastions for over 15 years, and rajasthan.
by ptipuducherry: puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy tuesday said there would be a big revolt by farmers if the centre does not pay heed to the objection of the union territory and tamil nadu to the move of the karnataka government to build a dam across cauvery at mekedatu, karnataka.
talking to reporters after releasing the 2019 new year government diary and calendar here, he said, the centre had arbitrarily given its nod to the karnataka government to prepare the detailed project report for the construction of the dam.
read| karnataka mps to put up united front on mekedatu he said both the central and karnataka governments have been ignoring the implication of the dam as it would only worsen the availability of cauvery water for the riparian states.
narayanasamy called upon the central water commission (cwc) to immediately convene a joint meeting of the secretaries of pwd and departments of irrigation of the riparian states to go into the mekedatu issue.
he further said the centre was also responsible for the disruption of proceedings of parliament recently as the issue had caused concerns of the members from the riparian states.
narayanasamy said he had handed over a letter to the union minister nitingadkari gadkari recently in delhi informing him that the nod to karnataka government given by the centre was shocking as it has ignored the interests of riparian states.
he said he and his cabinet colleagues, leaders and legislators of the congress, its ally dmk, left parties, vck and pmk would stage a demonstration at jantar mantar in delhi on january 4 to persuade the centre to grant statehood to puducherry, only then would the union territory be rid of all its financial problems.
he said the demonstration was also aimed at appealing to lieutenant governor kiran bedi to go back to delhi.
narayanasamy said pensioners were not able to get their dues and there was also difficulty in implementing the seventh pay commission recommendations.
moreover, the union territory has not been accommodated in the central finance commission`, he said adding that all these issues would be highlighted during the demonstration.
by ptipune: ncp president sharad pawar said saturday that he was worried about union minister nitingadkari gadkari as he is being projected as a possible alternative to prime minister narendra modi.
gadkari, a senior bjp leader, was recently in news when he was seen as taking swipes at his party's top leadership after the assembly poll losses in three states.
talking to reporters at solapur in maharashtra, pawar said to a question, gadkari is my friend.
we have worked together.
there is talk about his name being pushed (as an alternative to modi) and because of that i am worried about him.
he did not elaborate further.
talking about alliances in the state for lok sabha polls, pawar said his party was not engaged in any talks for a tie-up with raj thackeray-led maharashtra navnirman sena (mns).
raj thackeray has a great deal of support from the youth.
but we have not had any talks regarding any agreement pertaining to elections with his party, said pawar.
he discusses public issues with the mns chief often, but there has been no discussion about working together in the election, he added.
by express news servicemumbai: the tranquiliser dart fired at tigress avni before she was shot and killed on november 2, did not puncture her skin for it to have entered her bloodstream, the provisional autopsy report revealed on friday.
the report has also said avni was starving for several days before her death, raising concerns over the fate of her two cubs, who are still missing, and the manner of her killing.
avnis killing had led to outrage among wildlife activists in the country, several of whom raised questions over the manner of her killing and the need for it.
it had also led to a war of words between union women and child development minister maneka gandhi and the state government as she condemned the use of controversial shooter asgar ali and demanded a probe into the killing.
the states forests minister, sudhir mungantiwar, had defended the decision.
also read: hyderabad shooter ready to face any probe into tigress avni killingthe report also states that the bullet fired to kill her had pierced near the shoulder and punctured her lungs.
meanwhile, union minister for road transport nitingadkari gadkari on friday termed the demands for mungantiwars resignation as laughable.
the people in the region had lived under avnis fear for a long time and never ventured out of their homes after dark, but no one spared a thought for these families, he said.
by aninagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, asserted chief minister devendra fadnavis.
addressing the public at the inaugural session of the 16th jagatik marathi sammelan (world marathi conference) in nagpur on friday, the chief minister said, if anyone has really ruled india, in a real sense, it is maharashtrians and we have the capability to reach attock.
in the 18th century, attock, now in pakistan, was conquered by maratha armies.
i hope by 2050 not only one but more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, he added.
by aninew delhi: bharatiya janata party leaders have backed union minister nitingadkari gadkari for his recent remarks about politicians who show dreams but fail to fulfil them, will get thrashed by the public.
gadkari has shown the mirror to the congress.
the party didn't fulfil the promises it made to the people.
that is why they are at 44 seats today in the lok sabha.
our government has completed all the promises we made, bjp leader shahnawaz hussain told ani.
another bjp leader g. v. l. narasimha rao said comments by gadkari were being twisted for political benefithe (gadkari) was hinting at the congress, which only gave slogans of 'garibi hatao' but did not do anything for poverty alleviation and towards rahul gandhi who makes empty promises, rao said.
.
.
are thrashed by people.
therefore, one should only commit what they can fulfil.
by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: close on the heels of national highway authority of indias (nhai) decision to put on hold land acquisition for nh development in kerala, finance minister thomas isaac has come out against bjp state president p s sreedharan pillai for attempting to sabotage nh development in the state.
isaac, who released a letter from pillai to union minister nitingadkari gadkari seeking to keep land acquisition on abeyance, said pillai should be declared as states common enemy.
in a facebook post on monday, isaac alleged pillai has been using the position of bjps state presidentship to sabotage keralas development.
this should not be treated as a mere issue of political differences.
hes trying to sabotage keralas future development.
nhai is trying to ensure that nh development will not become a reality during this governments tenure.
the bjp state president has become a tool for this purpose.
heres one more evidence how they are trying to destroy the state.
isaac pointed out that the state government has been moving ahaed on a war-footing, to complete the project by 2020.
the government took over construction of thondayad, ramanattukara, vyttila and kundannoor fly overs.
of this thondayad and ramanattukara have been dedicated to the nation while construction of vyttila and kundanoo rover bridges are currently underway.
the previous oommen chandy government had abandoned national highway development following challenges, especially land acquisition.
however, the pinarayi vijayan government was able to address each of these issues.
now the 3(a) notification for land acquisition was issued.
thats when the centre is trying to sabotage the project due to political differences, isaac said.
he said the nh development is one of the major initiatives of new kerala.
its the first milestone for states development.
such a major initiative was sabotaged by sreedharan pillai and his party for political gains.
kerala wont forgive bjp and pillai for doing so, isaac wrote in his fb post.
pillai denies sabotage chargekozhikode: bjp state president p s sreedharan pillai on monday denied cpms allegation that his intervention led to the states exclusion from the nh development list.
i simply forwarded a memorandum received from the national highway action committee to the centre requesting necessary action.
it is the duty of a leader, who holds a responsible position in a political party, to hear peoples grievances and represent them.
i performed my duty seeking the centres intervention by mentioning do needful if it was in order, he said.
pillai said it was unfortunate cpm called upon people to declare him a public enemy.
for a communist party, declaring someone an enemy means to eliminate that person.
such a stand is dangerous for society, he said.
by express news servicenew delhi: around nine crore indians came out to vote in the first phase of over-a-month-long lok sabha elections.
complaints poured in about missing voter names and glitches in electronic voting machines in some areas, though officials maintained the polling was largely peaceful with moderate-to-large voter turnout.
west bengal, where voting took place for two lok sabha seats, saw the maximum 81 per cent voting, while state election officers put the voting percentage at 73 per cent in andhra pradesh, where violent clashes left at least two persons dead.
in the first phase, the bjp has sought to defend 32 seats, including those being fought by senior party leader nitingadkari gadkari and five other union ministers, and also expand its tally in states dominated by regional players last time.
the main opposition congress is hoping to defend seven seats it won in 2014, besides eyeing gains in andhra pradesh, maharashtra, chhattisgarh, uttarakhand and uttar pradesh.
the first-phase lok sabha constituencies included all 25 seats in andhra pradesh, 17 in telangana, five in uttarakhand, two in meghalaya, two in arunachal pradesh and lone seats in mizoram, tripura, manipur, nagaland, sikkim, andaman and nicobar, and lakshadweep.
the election commission said bihar saw 50 per cent turnout, the lowest for the first phase.
the two seats in j&k  jammu and baramulla  recorded 54.
49 per cent vote, down from 57.
19 per cent in 2014.
a 13-year-old class 7 student was killed in firing by security forces during clashes in handwara area of kupwara district in the evening.
a police official said as security personnel were withdrawing from the polling stations at mandigam, handwara after day long poll duty, they came under stone pelting from a group of youth in the evening.
the security personnel fired pellets and tear gas shells to disperse the mob.
in the security forces firing, two youth sustained injuries and were evacuated to sub district hospital, kralagaund.
around 73 per cent of over three lakh voters in the union territory of andaman and nicobar islands exercised their franchise while over 57 per cent of the electorate in uttarakhand exercised their franchise.
by ptinew delhi: a group of ministers, headed by home minister rajnath singh, has been constituted by the government to strengthen the legal and institutional frameworks to deal with and prevent sexual harassment at workplace.
the members of the gom are road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, defence minister nirmala sitharaman and women and child development minister maneka gandhi, a home ministry official said.
the gom will examine the existing legal and institutional frameworks for dealing with matters of sexual harassment of women at workplace.
also read | #metoo: minister maneka gandhi asks ncw to probe sexual harassment complaints expeditiouslyit will recommend action required for effective implementation of the existing provisions, as well as for strengthening the existing legal and institutional frameworks for addressing issues related to sexual harassment at workplace, the official said.
the gom has been set up in the wake of #metoo movement where several women have publicly named people who had harassed them at their workplace.
former editor m j akbar had to resign as minister of state for external affairs following allegations of sexual harassment against him by former colleagues.
speaking at an event organised by the pune district urban cooperative banks association limited (pducbal), the bjp leader said if a bank is in a bad situation due to huge non-performing assets(npa) then the policy should be to revive such institutions.
revive and rectify the mistakes of banks if they are bonafide but in the current time, the situation is opposite.
if any bank is going through a crisis, there is an attempt to make it worse, he said.
gadkari advocated that banks be helped if the mistakes they have committed are bonafide, but must be punished if the mistakes are malafied.
his comments came days after the government announced that it will enhance the capital infusion in public sector banks to rs 83,000 crore, taking the total to rs 1.
06 lakh crore for the fiscal.
union finance minister arun jaitley thursday said the recapitalisation would enhance the lending capacity of state-owned banks and help them come out of rbi's prompt corrective action (pca) framework.
it is natural that business can face difficulties in financing, the highways and road transport minister said.
it is not possible for any bank to do hundred per cent finance without a single account going npa, because today one good account can be an npa of tomorrow and this is due to the risk factor in business, he said.
nowadays, a new policy has come wherein if something goes wrong in a bank, the directors are held responsible, he said, adding that if a bank is facing problems, another bank should come to its rescue.
in coming days, it is difficult to run a bank as information and technology is developed while rti and awareness among people is increased.
so if you commit a small mistake, people will pounce on you.
so always remember that while adopting professional attitude, ensure transparency and corruption-free system, he said.
the union minister also asked to ensure credibility in the cooperative banking system.
credibility is the best capital in the 21st century.
resources, technology and management are important but if credibility is missing there is no use, he said.
gadkari also lauded the success of cooperative movements in maharashtra and gujarat and proposed to market such successful models in delhi, as nobody knows about cooperative movement in the national capital.
in a cooperative institution, there always is an engine and when multiple engines come together, it (the institution) spoils.
.
.
.
if there is one engine, the vehicle runs smoothly but when there are four competent engines, the vehicle develops difficulties.
so there is a need to have faith in the leadership of the person, he said, adding that a cooperative institution becomes successful because of that person's dedication, managerial skills and commitment.
if a decision is made to appoint an administrator on any bank, appoint the one who has experience of banking system, he said.
.
.
consider a person who has experience in banking system and just do not think from the political point of view, the minister added.
our government has done 100 per cent corruption-free, transparent, time-bound, result-oriented and quality work and that is why delhi will be free of air and water pollution in the next three years.
the aap government had introduced the odd-even formula.
ask them what happened to it.
i had told them that nothing will happen.
after we finished the works of the eastern and western peripheral (expressways), the pollution of delhi had decreased by 32 per cent, because the traffic from punjab, haryana, jammu and kashmir and uttarakhand was diverted elsewhere, the union minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation said.
all my announcements are credible.
i have built this credibility.
no one can tell me that i have promised something and not delivered, he added.
by ptimumbai: the issue of tigress avni's killing figured in the maharashtra cabinet meeting on tuesday with senior shiv sena leader and environment minister ramdas kadam seeking a judicial inquiry into the case.
senior bjp leader and forest minister sudhir mungantiwar, however, said he was not aware of the issue being discussed during the meeting.
talking to reporters after the weekly cabinet meeting, kadam said he raised the issue of the tigress' killing and demanded a judicial probe.
when contacted, mungantiwar said, when i came for the meeting, nobody spoke about it.
i am not aware if the issue was raised in my absence.
read| tigress avni was shot from behind, says expert's reportthe bjp-led state government has come under fire over the death of the tigress, who was believed to have turned a man-eater and killed 13 people in the last two years in yavatmal district.
the big cat was shot dead in an operation in a forest in yavatmal district last friday.
the killing of t1, as the tigress was officially known, led to an outrage among animal lovers and wildlife organisations.
shiv sena chief president uddhav thackeray had described as farce the committee constituted by the state government to probe the killing of avni.
he had demanded that a panel be formed under a retired judge to probe the tigress' killing.
those who had given the 'supari' (contract) to kill the tigress have been made members of the (probe) committee.
the committee set up is a farce, thackeray had said on saturday.
taking a dig at senior ally bjp, thackeray said if chief minister devendra fadnavis backed state forest minister sudhir mungantiwar saying he could not be held responsible for the killing, why did prime minister narendra modi take credit for the surgical strike, when he had not himself conducted it.
the state government had friday constituted a four-member committee, comprising wildlife experts and officials, to conduct an in-depth probe into the tigress' killing.
read| tigress avni's killing: union minister nitingadkari gadkari backs maharashtra forest minister sudhirit is headed by principal chief conservator of forest s h patil.
it includes wildlife institute of india member habib bilal, wildlife conservation trust chairman anish andheriya and additional principal chief conservator of forest nitingadkari kakodkar, an official statement from the forest department issued earlier said.
the committee will probe if established protocols and standard operating practices were followed in the case, and submit a report to the government.
union minister maneka gandhi had lashed out at the state government over avni's killing and dubbed it as a ghastly murder.
avni was the mother of two 10-month-old cubs.
the maharashtra government, however, defended itself calling the incident sad but necessary after the tigress attacked forest staff trying to tranquilise it.
by ptimumbai: bjp ally shiv sena mp sanjay raut claimed sunday the country was heading for a fractured mandate, and union minister nitingadkari gadkari would be waiting for such an eventuality.
raut, the executive editor of the sena mouthpiece 'saamana', also wrote in his sunday column in the newspaper that prime minister narendra modi's stature has declined while that of congress president rahul gandhi has risen.
the country is heading for a fractured mandate and prime minister narendra modi is responsible for it, he said, adding that the full mandate modi won in 2014 was an opportunity wasted.
raut wrote that in 2014 there was a wave in modi's support as voters were determined to defeat the congress, but the picture has changed today.
modi's larger-than-life image has lost the shine now.
rahul gandhi's leadership is not as towering as modi's but he has gained importance as people are disappointed with the current government, the sena mp said.
while senior leaders in the bjp are worried about its possible poor performance in coming elections, nitingadkari gadkari's statements are an indication of which way the winds are blowing.
a leader like gadkari has equal acceptance in the rss as well as among other bjp leaders, raut said.
political conspiracies were hatched to deny gadkari a second term when he was the bjp president (from 2009 to 2013), he claimed.
he also faced several allegations in purti group scam and a second term was denied to him.
that memory still rankles with gadkari, raut said.
gadkari is now waiting for the hung lok sabha of 2019, raut added, suggesting, indirectly, that in that case the union minister could become the consensus candidate for the top post.
by ptijabalpur: reiterating his warning to choke pakistan's water supply, union minister nitingadkari gadkari friday said the neighbouring country won't get even a single drop of water from india if it continues to export terror.
the senior bjp leader was addressing a meeting of party workers of jabalpur region here.
(pakistan pm) imran khan and others in that country are saying: how can india stop water to them?
remmeber, if you continue to support and export terrorism to india, pakistan won't get even a drop of water.
he said india was planning to build projects on three rivers flowing into pakistan to use its share of water.
our government will stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan, he said.
the minister's remarks came amid anger in india over the pulwama terror attack, for which pakistan-based jaish-e- mohammed has claimed responsibility.
gadkari recalled the indus water treaty, a water- distribution treaty between india and pakistan signed in 1960 by the then prime minister jawaharlal nehru and pakistans president ayub khan.
as per the treaty, of the six rivers between pakistan and india, pakistan got three rivers and india got three.
the water which was ours was also going into pakistan.
we are making three projects under which water which is ours by right will be given to punjab, haryana, uttar pradesh and rajasthan, he said.
read here | surplus water to be used by punjab, haryana, rajasthan: jitendra singh on stopping water to pakistanthe indus accord says it was signed to maintain harmony, peace and brotherhood between the two nations.
but today, when we think of this accord, we feel where is that harmonious relationship, where is that friendship, where has our cooperation and coordination gone, the minister said.
if pakistan wants good relations with india, they should stop supporting and sending terrorists to india since friendship and cooperation are two-way affairs, he said.
read here | not concerned if india diverts water from eastern rivers: pakistanthe union cabinet in december had approved the shahpurkandi dam project on the ravi river in punjab, a move that was intended to help india arrest its share of water flowing into pakistan.
for this, a central assistance of rs 485.
38 crore for irrigation component over five years from 2018-19 to 2022-23 was also announced.
in september 2018, the punjab and the jammu and kashmir governments had signed an agreement to resume works on the rs 2,793-crore shahpur-kandi project, according to officials.
earlier friday, gadkari also laid the foundation stone of the rs 758.
54 crore flyover to decongest traffic in western parts of jabalpur city.
by ptihyderabad: in a dig at dynastic politics, union minister nitingadkari gadkari tuesday said the bjp is not a family party like that of mother-son and father-son and it is a common mans party where a small-time worker like him could rise to become its president and a tea seller could become the country's prime minister.
the union minister was speaking at a function organised by various organisations to thank him and the centre for the gesture.
our party is not the one like that of mother-son, father-son, family party.
i was a small-time party worker and used to paste posters.
my mother was not an mla nor my father an mp, he said.
but, despite all this a worker like me working at the grassroot went on to become bjp's president and a tea seller from a poor family went on to become the prime minister, the minister for road transport and highways said.
bjp is common man's party.
we never thought on the lines of caste, religion and language.
we serve for the poor, under-privileged and vulnerable sections and we have adopted the mission to change their lives.
so, 10 per cent reservation is for those poor who did not have any facilities, he said.
the bjp leaders have hit out at dynastic politics and has in particular targeted the congress, saying it is a maa-beta (mother and son) party.
the senior bjp leader alleged that the congress government 'garibi hatao' slogan and programmes announced in that regard did not eradicate poverty and poor became more poorer.
but, when our government came, we decided that politics of 21st century is the politics for progress and development.
we built good roads, provided water to farmers lands and created jobs to unemployed and are making efforts to eradicate poverty.
the developmental works done by our government is in front of you.
the modi government at the centre extended all necessary help to both andhra pradesh and telangana in the last five years which no government did over the past 50 years, he claimed.
the polavaram project in andhra pradesh is funded by the central government, he said.
in tamil nadu, telangana and andhra pradesh, the bjp did not succeed in big way but we dont discriminate on political (lines).
good governance and developmentare among our party's principles, gadkari added.
telangana bjp president k laxman said the telangana government should also implement the 10 per cent reservation announced by the centre for the economically weaker sections (ews) from the general category.
by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: the union ministry of road transport and highways has revoked the controversial decision which changed the category of keralas highway works from high priority-1 to high priority-2.
the order which virtually stalled the highway development works in the state had stirred up a controversy with chief minister pinarayi vijayan accusing the move as politically motivated.
the notification has been cancelled.
there is no discrimination against kerala.
the problem in kerala is that the cost of land acquisition is very high and there are houses on the roadside.
the kerala chief minister and i sat together and decided that whatever the cost for the development of the state, we would have to do it.
this priority 1 and priority 2 is wrong news.
all the bharatmala projects are underway and detailed project reports will be made.
there will be no injustice towards kerala.
the centre changed its stand after union minister of state for tourism alphons kannanthanam held discussions with gadkari and nhai chairman.
the junior minister is learnt to have appraised the centre that the cpm was politically exploiting the development.
the national highways authority of india (nhai), as part of its policy guidelines issued on april 15, had categorised highway projects into high priority-1 and high priority-2, placing the state in the second category.
according to pinarayi, nhai had issued directions to all its regional offices to suspend the land acquisition of all projects under the priority-2 category.
nhai had earlier asked the ldf government in kerala to stop the land acquisition process for the expansion of national highway 66.
following the order, the work had to be stopped all over the state except in kasargod.
only the thalapady-chengala and the chengala-neeleswaram stretches in kasaragod come under the priority-1 category.
by iansnew delhi: agrarian crisis emerged as a major political concern in 2018, fuelled mainly by a fall in crop prices and a poor procurement mechanism which will provide opposition parties a common ground to rally against the bjp ahead of the next year's general elections.
the anger brewing against the perceived anti-farm policies of the government could be measured by the poor performance of the bjp in the rural parts of hindi heartland states in the just-concluded assembly elections, that saw the bjp ousted from power in all three states.
in past one year, the national capital alone saw at least five major rallies of farmers, despite the bjp-government coming up with a new price-fixation formula and a score of schemes to impress the tillers of the soil.
the police firing in madhya pradesh's mandsaur last year that led to the death of six farmers, sparked agitations throughout the country over rural distress, which snowballed into a major political and social issue this year.
the simmering discontent among farmers gained political traction in 2018.
various opposition parties have been raising their voices against different issues to suit their electoral needs but they showed unanimity in expressing their solidarity with the demands for better crop remuneration and farm loan waivers during the november 30 farmers' rally in the capital.
at the same rally, congress president rahul gandhi had said: the voice that is reverberating now across the country is of the farmers who are in deep distress and crisis.
for the first time, the 2019 lok sabha elections will be fought on issues revolving around rural distress, said yogendra yadav of swaraj india, who is credited with bringing over 200 farmers' outfits under one banner -- the all india kisan sangharsh coordination committee (aikscc).
there has always been agrarian distress in the country.
however, it never got an occasion to become a principal factor in the elections.
the bjp's defeat in the assembly polls, coupled with the newly-achieved unity among farmers, has ensured that farm distress would take a centre stage in the 2019 elections, yadav told ians.
he termed the bjp regime led by prime minister narendra modi the most anti-farmer government in the history of the independent india because of its unsympathetic treatment of farmers in the past four-and-a-half years.
many videos throughout the year went viral on the social media, featuring angry farmers throwing their harvest and milk on the roads in the absence of remunerative prices.
amid protests, the government increased the minimum support price (msp) for certain agriculture commodities.
however, the farmers found this not at par with their demands and expectations.
also, poor procurement of commodities owing to inadequate numbers and delay in the opening of purchasing centres by the government agencies forced the farmers to make distress sales.
in the case of vegetables, while the retail prices hovered between rs 20-30 in major cities, the prices received by farmers for semi-perishable commodities such as potatoes and onion slumped to rs 1 per kg.
the agriculture ministry seemed ineffective to create a redressal mechanism, activists said, though it came up with three procurement plans.
notably, union minister and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari had in june this year acknowledged that there was agrarian crisis due to surplus crop output and sought action to address the problem.
and yet, the bjp-government failed to take corrective action by analysing the demand-and-supply situation, said swabhimani shetkari sanghatana leader and lok sabha member raju shetti, who quit bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) over farmers issues' last year.
the government has been quite aware of the farmers' issues.
however, it did not take required action to ensure remunerative prices for farmers and the procurement of their harvest was ineffective, shetti added.
noted agronomist ashok gulati said there was lack of understanding and lack of vision in the current bjp regime.
he said the government did not carry out the required market reforms but resorted to just slogans and announcements.
even after the mandsaur firing episode, the government did not act, he said.
any government needs a smart agriculture minister for effective implementation of schemes, he added.
interestingly, agriculture minister radha mohan singh chose to attend a yoga session with baba ramdev in bihar two days after the mandsaur firing.
by aninew delhi: no there is no chance.
i am happy where i am right now, said minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari while responding to a question on probability of him becoming the prime ministerial candidate face in the 2019 elections, replacing prime minister narendra modi.
according to media reports, the head of a government organisation in maharashtra has written to the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), demanding gadkari be allowed to lead the bharatiya janata party if it wants to win the 2019 lok sabha polls.
read| replace narendra modi with nitingadkari gadkari: maharashtra leader tells rssin an exclusive interview to ani gadkari said, no there is no chance.
i am happy where i am right now.
i have to complete ganga work first, building of express highway access control in 13-14 countries and i also want to make roads for chaar dhams and other works.
i am happy doing these works and want to complete it.
meanwhile, talking about the development projects in the northeast, the senior bjp leader, who was coming from arunachal pradesh after inaugurating and laying foundation stones for national highways projects worth rs 9,533 crore in the state, accused the previous government of ignoring the northeast in terms of development.
he said, a project of rs 4000 crore for constructing 400 km road is underway.
arunachal is a large area but it has less population even international border is attached to it.
due to the lack of road, there is poverty and unemployment.
but once the roads are constructed, it will bring jobs here.
the forest-based industry could come here if roads were made.
i believe in northeast the previous governments have not worked well.
but when the modi government came into power, we decided to give northeast the first priority, he added.
he further told ani that the upcoming development projects in the northeast will completely change the image of the northeastern region.
road, railway and aviation sectors have been improved in the northeast since last 4.
5 years.
the development work worth rs 2.
50 lakh crore is presently underway in the northeast.
the upcoming development in the northeast will completely change the image of the region.
our dream is to make northeast a prosperous and enriched part of our country, he said.
the union minister further highlighted his ministry's plan of developing the waterways.
he said, we are building six bridges on brahmaputra river.
we are also focusing on developing the waterways like making five-star and seven-star cruise.
he also expressed his concern over the road safety in the country.
we are making an express highway from mumbai to delhi at cost of rs one lakh crore.
i believe when it comes to the road sector, the image of our country in the last five years has changed.
in coming days, our priority will be road safety, he added.
yesterday, the union minister for road transport and highways inaugurated and laid the foundation stone for several national highway projects at roing in lower dibang valley district of arunachal pradesh.
the minister also inaugurated two bridges over the lohit and dibang river.
by ptinew delhi: in a bid to actualise the dream of a nirmal and aviral ganga, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said sunday the government is looking to complete about 200 projects for ghats and crematoria by march 2019.
also, the centre is taking various measures to ensure ecological flow or the minimum quantity of water at different stretches of the ganga, he said.
a total of 227 projects have been taken up for the ganga for sewage infrastructure, ghats and crematoria, river-front development, river-surface cleaning and bio-diversity conservation, among others, at a cost of rs 22,374 crore, gadkari, who holds ganga rejuvenation and water resources portfolio among others, told pti in an interview.
he further said that making the ganga nirmal (cleaner) and aviral (free-flowing) is his dream and his ministries were taking a slew of steps in this direction.
earlier this month, the government had mandated the minimum ecological flow in the river ganga and its tributaries required to be maintained at different points in different areas round the year with the aim of ensuring water quality and environmentally sustainable rejuvenation.
the directive also requires hydropower projects along the river to modify their operations in order to comply with the notification.
the government plans to complete 151 ghats and 54 crematoria projects by march 2019, gadkari, who is also in-charge of road transport and highways ministry, said.
besides monitoring water quality at 138 locations, each at the interval of 20 km, projects have been taken up for 24x7 cleaning of ghats at varanasi, bithoor, kanpur, allahabad, mathura, vrindavan and haridwar to avoid solid waste disposals in the river, he said.
in addition, under the bio-diversity conservation plans, several projects are being implemented for conservation and restoration of indigenous and aquatic species of the ganga like gangetic dolphin, river otters, turtles and aquatic birds, the minister added.
the gazette notification on october 10 with regard to ecological flow of the ganga water specifies flow requirements at various stretches including from origins in the glaciers to haridwar besides the main stretch from haridwar in uttarakhand to unnao, uttar pradesh.
he said the directive on ecological flow for the river would result in an unhindered and continuous flow of the river water as it will ensure at least the minimum required an environmental flow of water even after its stream gets diverted by projects.
the minister said the notification also provides for direct release of additional water in the river ganga to meet special demand as and when required.
the concerned central and state authorities shall implement demand-side management plans to reduce water withdrawal from the river ganga by adopting good and scientific practices such as efficient method of irrigation, reuse and recycle of water including monitoring and regulation of groundwater withdrawals for various purposes, the notification mentioned.
there are about 1,100 industries and 4,500 villages along the ganga.
the minister last month said that cleaning works would start getting remarkably noticeable in another six months, and had claimed transforming the river that was the distinct cultural identify of the nation was close to his heart.
enunciating the work for sewage infrastructure, the minister had said: massive initiatives have resulted in rich dividends and we have successfully created capacity to treat 1,700 mld sewage.
the cities located by the side of the river produce 2,950 mld sewage and if steps to purify the water were not taken this in another 15 years will reach 3,600 mld.
he said there were 97 cities, which were polluting the river with 10 including haridwar, kanpur, allahabad, varanasi, patna, bhagalpur and kolkata contributing 65 per cent of the pollution in the river.
the government had in may 2015 approved rs 20,000 crore under its ambitious 'namami gange' - integrated ganga integrated ganga conservation mission - programme for five years.
the minister said massive preparations were also on for commencement of cargo operations in ganga.
by aninew delhi: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday expressed confidence and asserted that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) will win assembly elections in chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan.
talking to ani, the union minister said, i have toured chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan and i am very confident that the bjp will form the government again in all three states with a majority.
rajasthan and telangana are slated to go on polls december 7.
assembly election in chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and mizoram took place in november.
the result of the assembly polls of all the five state will be declared on december 11.
prime minister narendra modi with chief minister of jammu and kashmir mehbooba mufti during a public rally at battal in udhampur jammu on sunday.
(pti)udhampur: while some kashmiris were busy throwing rocks, others were cutting through mountains to bring development to jammu and kashmir, prime minister narendra modi said on sunday and congratulated the youth of the state for the chenani-nashri tunnel that he inaugurated for better connectivity between the troubled valley with the rest of india.
on one side, there are those who are pelting stones, and on the other, there are youth of jammu and kashmir who are carving a future of development for their state by cutting through rocks, modi told a rally here.
amid modi, modi chants from the crowd, the prime minister said the tunnel, the country's longest, was a huge jump for the infrastructural development of jammu and kashmir -- that has long suffered from industrial backwardness and limited economic opportunities due to the lack of good road connectivity with the rest of the country.
this tunnel is not just the longest tunnel but a big leap for jammu and kashmir in terms of development, said modi addressing a crowd of thousands.
referring to the decades of separatist violence, he said it has done no good but only brought bloodshed to jammu and kashmir.
he said the youth of kashmir valley had to choose between tourism and terrorism to shape their futures.
i want to tell the youth of the valley, you have two paths which can decide your fate.
on one hand, you have tourism and then there is terrorism.
so many innocent lives have been lost (in the violence that began in the late 1980s).
this has done no good to anybody but has only left the valley bloodied.
this bloodshed has not done good to anybody but has only snatched sons from their mothers, modi said.
had these 40 years been used for developing tourism, things would have been different.
stressing on the state's tourism potential and ability to boost the country's per capita income, modi asked the people to work shoulder to shoulder with the government and change the fortunes of the state.
the prime minister termed the chenani-nashri tunnel as the state's fate line and said it would boost the economy of the state and farmers would be able to send their produce to delhi markets promptly, without concerns of delay.
the tunnel, that connects udhampur and ramban districts of jammu and kashmir, bypasses a dangerous hilly terrain of over 30 km of the strategic jammu-srinagar national highway -- the only surface link that connects the kashmir valley with the rest of india.
built at a cost of over rs 2,500 crore, the tunnel, situated at an altitude of 1,200 metres, cutting through the mighty himalayas, has traffic and fire control systems, video surveillance, fm connectivity and transverse ventilation systems.
in addition to saving nearly two hours from the over 10-hour travel time on the highway, the passage of traffic through the tunnel will result in a daily saving of rs 27 lakh in terms of fuel used by vehicles.
the tunnel, which took over five years to build, will also bypass some 44 avalanche - and landslide -prone spots on the nearly 300-km-long highway, which shuts when it rains heavily and snows in kashmir.
modi congratulated the jammu and kashmir youth who worked to make the tunnel a reality.
the money for this tunnel came from the government of india.
but there is also the scent of sweat of jammu and kashmir's youth in this tunnel.
he said the government had made every attempt to preserve the environment and the himalayas while constructing the tunnel on the strategic jammu-srinagar highway.
it's a message india has given to the world struggling with global warming, he said.
union minister for road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari told the rally that the central government had sanctioned rs 2,100 crore and rs 2,200 crore for the construction of ring roads -- one each in jammu and srinagar -- to decongest traffic in the two cities.
he said the government was constructing a total of 13 tunnels in jammu and kashmir to boost connectivity and infrastructure development in the state.
the government was planning to spend rs 60,000 crore on an infrastructure development programme in the state, the minister said.
chief minister mehbooba mufti sayeed in her address thanked modi for supporting her government during the difficult time last year, referring to the law and order situation in the kashmir valley after the july 8 killing of hizbul mujahideen militant burhan wani.
my government would not have been able to handle it alone, mufti said.
by express news servicenew delhi: prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate two national highways of a total length of 34 km in his constituency of varanasi, on november 12, next monday.
these highways are the 16.
55-km varanasi ring road phase-1, which has been completed at a cost of rs 759.
36 crore, and the babatpur-varanasi road on nh-56, which has been built at a cost of rs 812.
59 crore.
the babatpur highway will link the holy city to the airport and connect jaunpur, sultanpur and lucknow.
the opening of the road is expected to reduce the travel time from the city to the airport.
this will prove to be a big relief to the people of varanasi and to tourists and other visitors to the city, an official in the ministry of road transport and highways said.
the prime minister will be accompanied by up governor ram naik, union minister for road transport & highways nitingadkari gadkari and up chief minister yogi adityanath.
the ring road, with two railway over bridges and a flyover, will provide a way for traffic on nh 56 (lucknow-varanasi), nh 233 (azamgarh-varanasi), nh 29 (gorakhpur-varanasi) and ayodhya - varanasi highways to bypass varanasi city, thereby reducing traffic congestion in the city.
it will also reduce travel time, fuel usage and pollution.
the ring road will provide easier and more convenient access to sarnath, an important pilgrimage site buddhists.
with the next general elections round the corner, the modi government is keen to push its infrastuctre projects in a bid to stay ahead of the poll curve.
by ptichandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh has written to union minister nitingadkari gadkari, seeking early approval of the proposed delhi-amritsar-katra expressway project, an official spokesperson said.
the expressway, proposed as a greenfield project by the government of india, will connect the national capital with the important religious cities of amritsar in punjab and katra in jammu & kashmir.
singh has urged the centre to expeditiously approve the project as it would lead to improved connectivity and foster greater socio-economic development of the region, the spokesperson said.
earlier this year, the chief ministers of punjab and haryana had met union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari to discuss the proposed alignment of the expressway, which would pass through the two states up till amritsar, he said.
thereafter, the punjab government had conveyed its consent for the adoption of alignment starting from amritsar and going straight up to the international airport in new delhi, he said.
however, the spokesperson said, the ministry is yet to take a formal decision on the approval of the alignment.
the government last week approved allocation of 2.
5 per cent of the central road fund (crf) for nws that would result in about rs 2,000 crore proceeds a year for their development.
the cabinet has approved rs 2,000 crore from cfr and we can easily get works done worth rs 12,000 crore from that by raising more funds.
it is my endeavour to operationalise 10 waterways before december 2018, the shipping, road transport and highways minister told pti in an interview.
massive work worth rs 5,000 crore is already underway on ganga (1,620 km) with world bank assistance which is the national waterway no 1.
the work includes development of three multi-modal hubs at varanasi in uttar pradesh, haldia in west bengal and sahebganj in bihar.
the inland waterways authority of india, under the shipping ministry, is also facilitating cruise operations on nw-1 from kolkata to varanasi in collaboration with private cruise operators.
after ganga and brahmaputra, work will begin on mandavi and zuari in next three months, he said.
the third project will be amba and then on brahmani river between talcher and paradip.
the shipping ministry has a target to start work on 24 nws in the next three years.
parliament last year had enacted national waterways act, 2016, for developing and maintaining the existing five nws and 106 new nws across the country.
the cabinet earlier this month has approved allocation of 2.
5 per cent of crf which is a duty on excise and customs imposed on petrol and high speed diesel for waterways development.
the cess at present is rs 6 per litre.
it has also directed that while implementing viable nws projects, all such components that can be done on ppp basis, should be explored and government funding may be used only if private investment is not forthcoming.
the fund collected under crf was to the tune of rs 80,800 crore in 2016-17, rs 69,540 crore in 2015-16 and rs 25,122 crore in 2014-15.
the inland waterways authority of india (iwai) has estimated that approximately rs 25,000 crore would be required for development of identified projects on nws till 2022-23.
in this regard, works for construction of multi-modal terminals, new navigation lock, river information system and development of fairway have already commenced under the jal marg vikas project being implemented on nw-1 (river ganga).
in addition to becoming one of the principal cargo movement routes in india, this stretch on nw-1 has good potential for river cruise tourism.
iwai also has planned to undertake work on the development of 24 nws during the next three years.
it is estimated that 1.
8 lakh persons would be provided employment in the inland waterways transport (iwt) sector in the next five years, the government said.
new employment opportunities are expected to be generated for operation and management of fairway, terminals, aids to navigation, barges, training and other areas, it said adding development of additional 106 nws will create more job opportunities.
it is estimated that a standard 2000 dwt vessel has the potential to transport 125 truck loads and almost one complete train rake (40 rail wagons) load.
by express news servicebhopal: two months after being awarded the minister of state (mos) rank by the shivraj singh chouhan-led bjp government in madhya pradesh, model-turned-spiritual guru bhaiyyu maharaj, allegedly shot himself to death possibly over personal issues at his bungalow in indore on tuesday afternoon.
the 50-year-old self-styled godman who holds close ties with several top politicians of madhya pradesh and maharashtra committed suicide by shooting his head using a gun in one of the rooms of his bungalow in silver springs township in tejaji nagar area of indore at around 12.
30 pm.
when the incident happened, besides bhaiyyu maharaj (originally named udai singh deshmukh), his two domestic helps were present in the house.
hearing the gunshot sound, the domestic helps rushed to his room, but the door was locked from inside.
on breaking open the locked door, the godman was found lying on the floor with blood oozing from his head.
the matter was reported to the police and he was rushed to the bombay hospital in indore, where doctors declared him dead later.
#madhyapradesh government had put pressure on him to accept privileges & support the government, which he refused to do.
he was under a lot of mental pressure.
cbi probe should be done: manak agarwal, congress on bhayyuji maharaj's alleged suicide pic.
twitter.com/dhyjd2g8qy  ani (@ani) june 12, 2018the sp (indore east) avdhesh goswami confirmed the godmans death.
while maintaining that it was prima facie a suicide, the sp didnt reveal whether any suicide note has been found from the spot or not.
the godmans body has been sent to the government-run my hospital for autopsy, police sources said.
while the police officials remained tight-lipped over the reasons behind the alleged suicide, some informed sources confided that the spiritual guru (having big following in maharashtra and mp) ended life over some personal issues.
my tribute to saint bhayyuji maharaj (who allegedly committed suicide).
the country has lost a person who was a confluence of culture, knowledge & selfless service: #madhyapradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan (file pic) pic.
twitter.com/9g9hop9cfx  ani (@ani) june 12, 2018the 50-year-old bhaiyyu maharaj, born as udai singh deshmukh in a family of agriculturists in shujalpur town of madhya pradesh in 1968, was among the five hindu religious leaders who were accorded mos status in april 2018 by the shivraj singh chouhan government.
he ran a trust called shri sadguru datta dharmik and parmarthik trust in indore.
the trust was established in 1996 with the aim to inculcate the spirit of liveliness in each human being and to make him a perfect citizen with social vision.
the trust also aimed to inculcate the spirit of nationhood, among others.
bhaiyyu maharaj, who had a daughter and an ailing mother, married a second time in 2017.
the spiritual entered wedlock with a dr ayushi (a dentist from gwalior).
a science graduate, maharaj has done modelling for siyaram suiting in his younger days.
during his student life, he was involved in several extracurricular activities like horse riding, fencing, wrestling, cricket, badminton, music and poetry.
since the age of 23, he has been into social and spiritual works and also runs a website bhayyumaharaj.com.
the godman is a new age guru, who drives a car and surfs the internet.
his political followers are mostly from maharashtra and madhya pradesh.
he had shot to limelight when the upa ii regime sent him as a special mediator to persuade social activist anna hazare to call off his fast at new delhis ramlilla ground.
bhaiyyu maharaj, who has friends across parties lines and whose list of followers range from former maharashtra cms vilasrao deshmukh and sharad pawar to union minister nitingadkari gadkari, mns chief raj thackeray and world famous singer lata mangeshkar, spent considerable time with narendra modi and was present with spiritual heads of other communities when the chief minister broke his three-day fast in 2011.
in the last maharashtra assembly elections when the strain between bjp and shiv sena over the allocation of tickets had got too complicated with a high number of ticket seekers, bhaiyyu maharaj was roped in for reconciliation between different ticket aspirants.
by ptinew delhi: a 25-year-old man sustained a bullet injury following an argument with the relatives of his wife who were against their marriage as they belonged to same 'gotra', police said wednesday.
the couple eloped and got married in november last year, police said, adding that the two were staying in matiala in west delhi after their marriage.
the incident took place on tuesday in uttam nagar area at around 10.
30 pm when bobby, a first year student at a college here, was stopped by his wife's brothers nitingadkari (26) and neeraj (30) while he was returning home.
they thrashed bobby and shot at him.
the bullet, however, brushed past his elbow, police said.
he was rushed to the deen dayal upadhyay hospital, where his condition was stated to be stable.
the two accused were absconding and efforts were underway to nab them, police said.
by ptinew delhi: the congress on tuesday accused the modi government of compromising and overruling national security by reducing the purchase of the rafale fighter aircraft to save money.
congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala hit out at the bjp after union minister nitingadkari gadkari reportedly admitted that the rafale deal was curtailed due to do financial constraints.
finally, truth is out!
'national security' stumped by a pseudo-nationalist modi govt, surjewala tweeted.
no.
of rafale aircrafts reduced from 126 to 36 for saving money overruling air force and nation's security!
he added.
by ptialirajpur/dhar (mp): union minister nitingadkari gadkari wednesday said while the bjp is concerned about resolving the people's woes, upa chairperson sonia gandhi is worried about how her son and congress president rahul gandhi becomes the prime minister.
he was addressing a rally at alirajpur under ratlam jhabua lok sabha seat in madhya pradesh.
we are worried about how people should get power, farmers get right price for their produce, but sonia ji is worried that how rahul should become the prime minister, he said.
in congress, a prime minister is born to a prime minister, a chief minister to a chief minister, an mp to an mp and an mla is born to an mla.
there is no existence of a common woker in that party, he said.
warning pakistan over cross-border terrorism, he said india will be forced to take a tough decision of stopping its share of water from three common rivers.
follow our election coverage herehe said that when indira gandhi became the prime minister, she had promised to remove poverty and the same promise was made by rajiv gandhi (former pm) and the manmohan singh government under the leadership pf sonia gandhi.
but they failed to do so.
.
.
now, rahul gandhi has been promising to eliminate poverty.
tell me whether the congress has kept its promise, he asked the gathering.
although bjp chief amit shah was earlier scheduled to address these rallies, his visit was cancelled and gadkari was deputed in his place.
polling in dhar and ratlam-jhabua lok sabha seats will take place on may 19.
the bjp has fielded gs damor from ratlam jhabua seat against sitting congress mp kantilal bhuria.
in dhar, the saffron party has fielded chhatar singh darbar against dinesh girewal of congress.
by ptinew delhi: to encourage public transport, the centre has asked states and union territories to develop one modern bus port - modern bus stands equipped with a host of facilities - each that can serve as a model, for which it will provide viability gap funding.
the development comes at a time when the government's focus is to boost public transport to curb vehicular pollution as well as spurt in vehicle production.
the ministry of road transport and highways (morth) in a letter to transport secretaries of the states has asked to ensure setting up of at least one bus port each, which can act as a model for subsequent projects by the state/ut.
the objective hereunder is to develop high-quality bus ports in the country with assistance from the morth.
the development of standardised bus ports, complete with requisite infrastructure and facilities, will help in improving passenger comfort and give a much-needed boost to public bus transportation systems, the ministry has said in the guidelines sent to states.
it said an allied objective was to bring private operators into mainstream by allowing their entry into bus ports, so that all bus passengers can have access to safe boarding and de-boarding locations and avail of amenities created in the bus ports such as drinking water, food, rest areas, and washrooms, among others.
the guidelines also said the bus port could be developed either as a green-field or as a brown-field project, provided that the location suggested by the participating state is found to be suitable in the feasibility study.
the viability gap funding by morth shall remain capped at 40 per cent to align it with dea (department of economic affairs) guidelines on the subject.
this will be a uniform ceiling as far as funding is concerned.
ln other words, irrespective of whether the bus port is large, medium or small, morth funding of the capital cost shall be limited to 40 per cent of the project cost.
to start with, at least one project would be taken up in a state so that it becomes a pilot for the state, and thereafter, the state could replicate the model as per its own decisions, the guidelines mentioned.
it said the states would be selected on the first-come-first-serve basis and only those states will be selected that commit to provide access to the buses operated by the private operators.
road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari has earlier said that the country needs to revamp its public transport system and a good policy is needed for this task.
to cater to a 22 per cent annual growth in the automobile sector, a separate highway lane is required which would cost not less than rs 88,000 crore and is unviable, the minister said.
he has been stressing that public transport is the need of the hour, as it would also curb vehicular pollution.
the government, he said had taken up projects worth rs 50,000 crore to decongest delhi.
our government has done 100 per cent corruption-free, transparent, time-bound, result-oriented and quality work and that is why delhi will be free of air and water pollution in the next three years.
he said the eastern and western peripheral issue of delhi had reached the supreme court, adding that after becoming a union minister, he had taken a decision to rid the national capital of water and air pollution.
the aap had introduced the odd-even formula.
ask them what happened to it.
i had told them that nothing will happen.
when we finished the work of the eastern and western peripheral, the pollution of delhi had decreased by 32 per cent, because the traffic from punjab, haryana, jammu and kashmir and uttarakhand was diverted into the city, he said.
the union minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation said to free delhi of pollution, his ministry had taken up 13 projects worth rs 4,500 crore in the yamuna river under namami gange and sold dirty water to indian oil for rs 20 crore.
all my announcements are credible.
i have built this credibility.
no one can tell me that i have promised something and not delivered, he said.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra government is keen on buying the iconic air india building in south mumbai, a senior official said wednesday.
the 23-storey tower on marine drive in nariman point area was the national carrier's headquarters till 2013 when it was vacated as part of asset-monetisation plans.
bhushan gagrani, principal secretary in the chief minister's office, said the government has submitted a bid for the premium property which has 5 lakh square feet of space.
the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is another bidder, the senior ias officer said.
gagrani told pti that chief minister devendra fadnavis has formed a committee headed by the chief secretary.
it has been tasked with negotiating the sale price if the government wins the bid, he said.
there are a lot of state government and psu offices scattered across the city, operating from rented premises.
shifting all of them to the air india building will save the government a lot of money, he said.
the building served as the corporate headquarters for air india until 2013 when the head office was shifted to new delhi.
the air india building, which is spread over 220,000 sq.
ft, has several vacant floors overlooking the arabian sea which have been rented out to the directorate general of shipping, state bank of india, and tata consultancy services ltd.to a query, gagrani said the jawaharlal nehru port trust (jnpt) was not part of the bidding process.
the proceeds from the sale of the building will be used to pay off a part of the airlines' debt, another official said.
by ptinew delhi: bjp president amit shah tuesday said the death of george fernandes was an irreparable loss to indian politics and asserted that he stood steadfastly to protect the country's democratic values.
fernandes, a lifelong socialist despite his political adventurism that included cabinet posts in two ideological opposite governments where he ousted coca-cola in 1977 and oversaw the kargil war in 1999, died tuesday at his home after prolonged illness.
he was 88shah was among a host of leaders who visited the bereaved family at their residence in new delhi's upscale panchsheel park to pay their last respects.
the most abiding memories of fernandes ji are those of his fierce opposition to the emergency in 1975.
he stood steadfastly to protect india's democratic values.
his demise is an irreparable loss for indian politics.
he also fought for democratic values, whether he was in government or opposition, shah told reporters after visiting his house.
labourers from railways to airport authorities, all of them had a hope that 'george ji will raise their voice in parliament', shah said.
earlier, in a series of tweets, shah said fernandes' stint in public offices saw him make some defining changes, particularly in the railways.
terming the passing away of fernandes an end of an era, shah said may god give his family and followers the strength to endure this loss.
a staunch patriot, fernandes fought for providing justice to workers, he said.
we have lost a big leader.
i considered him my icon.
by iansmumbai: a prominent maharashtra farmer leader has demanded that the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) must replace prime minster narendra modi with union minister nitingadkari gadkari if the bharatiya janata party (bjp) wishes to win the 2019 general elections.
the demand has come from a state-government panel, vasantrao naik sheti swavalamban mission (vnssm) chairman kishore tiwari, on a day when modi was in maharashtra to attend a series of events, including laying foundation stones for metro rails in thane and pune.
read| nitingadkari gadkari on 'mallyaji': unfair to call a one-time loan defaulter a 'chor'in his letter to rss chief mohan bhagwat and general secretary bhaiyyaji suresh joshi, tiwari said the bjp's defeat in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh was the direct outcome of arrogant leaders who implemented devastating decisions like demonetisation, goods and services tax (gst), fuel prices hike and other anti-people measures.
leaders who pursue an extremist and dictatorial attitude in the party and government are dangerous for the society and the country.
.
.
this has been witnessed before and if history is not to be repeated, hand over the reins to gadkari for the 2019 polls, tiwari said.
on december 11, the vnssm chief, who is accorded a ministerial status, had categorically asked the bjp to get rid of both modi and bjp chief amit shah for their anti-farmers and anti-people policies, which led to the party's stunning defeats in the just concluded elections.
accusing modi and shah of upturning the good works done by the former bjp governments in madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh, tiwari said they (modi-shah) seem to be interested only in grandiose bullet trains and metro rail projects.
in his letters to the rss top brass, tiwari said that considering the dictatorial approach of modi and shah, which has unleashed fear in the country, it was imperative to have an acceptable and gentle leader like gadkari, who can take along all viewpoints and friendly parties, evolve consensus and remove fear among people.
he said the 61-year-old gadkari, a staunch bjp-rss activist since decades, was adequately qualified for the top post since he has also headed the bjp as national president, besides ministerial capacities in maharashtra and now at the centre.
by express news servicebhopal: it was not personal or family issues, but instead the sustained blackmailing by a young woman, which led model-turned-spiritual guru bhayyu maharaj to shoot self to death at his bungalow in indore on june 12, 2018.
more than seven months after the 50-year-old spiritual guru (who had followers and friends among all major political parties) shot self to death at his bungalow in indores upscale silver springs township, the indore police arrested on friday evening, three persons, including a 22-year-old woman palak puranik and the spiritual gurus two sewadars sharad deshmukh (35) and vinayak dudhade (40).
the arrested trio has been booked for abetment of suicide, criminal conspiracy and extortion under sections 306,120b and 384 of ipc, indore police additional sp (asp-zone iii) prashant chaube told the new indian express.
the arrests were made on the basis of statements of maharajs better half dr ayushi, daughter kuhu, his two sisters and other associates, which revealed that palak, a resident of footi kothi area of indore was blackmailing the spiritual guru to pay huge sum failing which she would have made some of his very private things public.
maharajs two long trusted sewadars, sharad deshmukh and vinayak dudhade too were hand in glove with palak in blackmailing the spiritual guru.
two months back, bhayyu maharajs driver kailash patil, had also hinted to cops about the trio being behind his bosss june 12, 2018 suicide.
based on the statements of the bhayyu maharajs family members and other close associates, the trio was arrested on friday evening, the asp added.
importantly, palak worked as office assistant at bhayyu maharajs office for a year before his second marriage with gwalior-based dentist dr ayushi in april 2017.
according to indore police sources, while working with bhayyu maharaj, the woman palak developed very close bonding with the spiritual guru and took in her possession some very private things of the self-styled guru.
she first pressurized maharaj to marry her, but after he married dr ayushi in april 2017, she started blackmailing the spiritual guru to give her huge sums.
a probe has revealed that bhayyu maharaj shot self to death on june 12, 2018, just two days after the delhi police had registered a case of rape, unnatural act and molestation against self-styled godman daati maharaj.
the woman palak and her aides were blackmailing bhayyu maharaj to pay huge sum failing which they would have made him another daati maharaj, said a cop connected with investigations.
the 50-year-old bhaiyyu maharaj, born as udai singh deshmukh in a family of agriculturists in shujalpur town of madhya pradesh in 1968, was among the five hindu religious leaders who were accorded mos status in april 2018 by the shivraj singh chouhan government.
he ran a trust called shri sadguru datta dharmik and parmarthik trust in indore.
the trust was established in 1996 with the aim to inculcate the spirit of liveliness in each human being and to make him a perfect citizen with social vision.
the trust also aimed to inculcate the spirit of nationhood, among others.
a science graduate, maharaj has done modelling for siyaram suiting in his younger days.
since the age of 23, he has been into social and spiritual works and also runs a website bhayyumaharaj.com.
the godman was a new age guru, who drove car and surfed the internet.
his political followers were mostly from maharashtra and madhya pradesh.
he had shot to limelight when the upa ii regime sent him as a special mediator to persuade social activist anna hazare to call off his fast at new delhis ramlilla ground.
bhaiyyu maharaj had friends across parties lines and the list of followers ranged from former maharashtra cms vilasrao deshumukh and sharad pawar to union minister nitingadkari gadkari, mns chief raj thackeray and world famous singer lata mangeshkar.
he spent considerable time with prime minister narendra modi and was present with spiritual heads of other communities when modi as gujarat cm broke his three-day fast in 2011.
in the last maharashtra assembly elections when the strain between bjp and shiv sena overthe allocation of tickets had got too complicated with a high number of ticket seekers, bhaiyyu maharaj was roped in for reconciliation between different ticket aspirants.
the senior bjp leader was speaking at the launch of a poster of 'pm narendra modi', a biopic on prime minister narendra modi, being released this friday.
exit polls are not the final decision, but are indications.
read more | modi 2.
0: poll of exit polls shows bjp's return to powermost exit polls have forecast another term for modi, with some of them projecting that the bjp-led nda would get over 300 seats to comfortably cross the majority mark of 272 in the lok sabha.
seeking to set the record straight on speculations of him being in the prime ministerial race, gadkari asserted that the new bjp-led government will be formed under modi's leadership.
we fought the elections under the leadership of modiji and he will certainly become the prime minister again.
the people of the country are once again supporting the bjp, prime minister narendra modi and the work done by us in the last five years.
and the exit polls are an indication, he said.
out of the total 48 lok sabha seats in the state, the bjp won 23 in 2014 when it contested the polls in alliance with the uddhav thackeray-led shiv sena.
last month, the election commission halted the release of the biopic on modi, saying it cannot be screened till the model code of conduct is in force, in the larger interest of ensuring a level playing field and free and fair elections.
the makers of the biopic announced earlier this month that the film will be released countrywide on may 24, a day after results of the lok sabha polls are declared.
by ptibengaluru: karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy today accused the centre of having taken a unilateral decision in forming the cauvery water regulation committee (cwrc), hurting the state's interests.
after meeting prime minister narendra modi at new delhi on june 18, kumaraswamy had said that he had raised certain technical objections relating to the cauvery water management authority (cwma) and cwrc.
we had given certain suggestions about the formation of the panel, but the centre took a unilateral decision, he told reporters here, a day after the centre notified the formation of the cwrc.
karnataka has not nominated its representative to the committee, which has members from other riparian states --tamil nadu, kerala and puducherry.
kumaraswamy said he would take the suggestion of the advocate general to decide the future course of action and also meet union water resource minister nitingadkari gadkari and make our submission.
he said karnataka had supported the formation of cauvery scheme as directed by the supreme court, but there are some loopholes in it.
the centre did not take our stand into consideration.
i have once again written the letter to the centre to reconsider its decision of forming the panel, he said.
he emphasised that karnataka never violated any rule.
our state has never misused law.
we always respected the federal structure.
it is our people who faced numerous challenges.
our respect (for the federal structure) should not be perceived as our weakness, said kumaraswamy.
in a june 1 gazette notification, the water resources ministry said it has framed a scheme constituting the cwma and cwrc to give effect to the decision of the cauvery water disputes tribunal as modified by the supreme court order.
karnataka has been opposing any move to form cwma and had instead suggested the formation of cauvery decision implementation committee.
nandadulal das byexpress news servicebhadrak: bhadrak parliamentary constituency is all set to witness the passing of batons between two generations of political families in 2019 general elections.
abhimanyu sethi, son of five-time mp arjun sethi and madhumita sethi, daughter of two-time mp ananta sethi, are making their political debut this time.
while abhimanyu has been fielded by bjp, madhumita is the congress candidate for the lok sabha seat.
these two debutants are facing manjulata mandal of the bjd.
manjulata is the wife of dhamnagar mla mukti mandal who has been denied a ruling party ticket in the polls.
bhadrak will go to polls in the fourth and final phase on april 29.
bhadrak lok sabha constituency, a reserved seat, consists of seven assembly segments - bhadrak, bhandaripokhari, basudevpur, chandabali, dhamnagar in bhadrak district and nilagiri and simulia in balasore.
over 40 per cent of voters in the constituency are scheduled castes.
follow our full election coverage heresince 1984, congress has won from bhadrak constituency only once in 1996 elections while the janata dal, which was later rechristened as biju janata dal, bagged the seat seven times.
in 2014 polls, bjd candidate arjun had won from the seat by securing 46 per cent votes, while congress and bjp bagged 30 per cent and 20 per cent votes respectively.
however, arjun quit bjd after his son was denied a ticket by the party to contest the polls.
the veteran leader joined bjp which has fielded abhimanyu from the seat.
sources said the saffron party is hopeful of putting up a better show this time with union ministers nitingadkari gadkari, rajnath singh and dharmendra pradhan stepping up campaigning for abhimanyu.
the congress, which has fared poorly in the last couple of elections due to internal bickering, is yet to overcome infighting in the party this time too.
the party is yet to start any high-voltage campaign though it is hopeful of getting votes from the minority community.
on the other hand, the bjd is ahead of bjp and congress in campaigning.
though a number of district and block-level leaders have resigned from bjd, all the seven incumbent mlas are from the ruling party.
poll observers said bjd is in an advantageous position as the ruling party candidates in five of the seven assembly segments under the constituency are ahead in the poll race.
by express news servicevijayawada: water resources minister devineni umamaheswara rao has said that he had requested union minister nitingadkari gadkari to convene a meeting of the officials from central water commission, ministry of water resources and state government for expediting the approval for the revised detailed project report (dpr) on the polavaram project.
the minister, on thursday, informed the media that he had sent a missive last week requesting the centre to release `10,000 crore for the project.
he said that he thanked the union minister for releasing `1,400 crore through nabard.
the minister also said that the centre has reimbursed `6,727 crore out of the `8,619 crore spent by the state government for the project after it was declared a national project.
by ptinagpur: a day after opining that it is unfair to tag a one-time loan defaulter vijay mallyaji as a chor (thief), union minister nitingadkari gadkari friday said his remarks on the embattled liquor tycoon were twisted and taken out of context by media.
i also said unka (vijay mallya) account 40 saal prime account tha aur 41st saal mein bigad gaya, toh business mein ups and downs hote hain (there are ups and downs in business).
these remarks have been taken out of context, he said.
gadkari attributed such 'ups and downs' to global economy, external and internal factors and business cycle.
i had said (khulasa kiya tha) about these things, but both these things were twisted and taken out of context by a section of media, the senior bjp leader said.
he had clarified that he has no business dealing with mallya, who faces extradition from the uk for alleged bank fraud and money laundering amounting to an estimated rs 9,000 crore.
40 saal mallya regular payment kar raha tha, byaaj bhar raha tha.
40 saal baad jab wo aviation mein gaya.
uske baad wo adchan mein aaya to woh ekdum chor ho gaya?
jo pachaas saal byaaj bharta hai wo theek hai, par ek baar wo default ho gaya.
toh turant sab fraud ho gaya?
ye mansikta theek nahi hai.
(for 40 years mallya was regularly paying interest on loans.
after entering the aviation sector, he started facing problems, and suddenly he became a thief?
if a person repays the interest for 50 years, and if he defaults once, then suddenly everything is fraud?
by express news servicekochi: ernakulam district has received the prestigious national water awards 2018 instituted by the ministry of water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation at a function held in new delhi.
district co-ordinator of haritha keralam mission, sujith karun, received the award from central water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari, on behalf of district collector muhammed y safirulla.
the district emerged second in the category of best performing districts in the southern region for rejuvenation/creation of water bodies such as lakes and ponds.
national water awards were launched in the year 2007 to encourage all stakeholders to manage their water resources.
the minister of state for water resources arjun ram mehwal and secretary, ministry of water resource u p singh were also present on the occasion.
by iansnew delhi: if pakistan continues to support cross-border terrorism, india will have no option but to take the hard decision of stopping its share of water of three common rivers, water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari has said, in a warning to the neighbouring country.
he told ians in an interview that india is starting a study and a detailed project report (dpr) of all the three rivers over which it has complete right under the indus water treaty and has taken up two projects on these.
under the 1960 indus water treaty governing six common rivers, india has the complete right over the waters of three rivers - ravi, beas and sutlej, while pakistan has the right over water of indus, jhelum and chenab.
now nothing is there.
in place of love and affection, we are getting bombs and they are attacking innocent people of india.
so this is the time, if they don't want to stop terrorism and supporting terrorist organizations, then we don't have any option but to stop water which is going to pakistan, the senior minister said.
we are going to stop our share of water to pakistan.
.
.
this is the appropriate time (for ending support to terror), otherwise they will have to face the music, he asserted.
asked if it was just an empty threat or india was really going to do so, he replied: of the six (common) rivers, our right is on three rivers.
.
.
our water is going to pakistan.
first, we have taken up two projects.
we are going to stop our share water to pakistan.
we are (also) starting making study, research, dpr of all the three rivers going to pakistan.
he went on to add: we are giving them (pakistan) an opportunity.
they should stop supporting terrorist organizations.
if they stop supporting terrorist organizations, we don't have any problem.
but if they continue supporting terrorism and terrorist organizations, then we don't have any option.
we have to take hard step to stop water which is going to pakistan.
it is time for pakistan to now take a decision.
in due course of time we are expecting pakistan to take a decision.
he said pakistan has already been isolated in the international community and i feel it is time for pakistan to take a decision in the interest of pakistan.
the minister said he expected pakistan to take an appropriate decision and stop all the things, implying support to terrorism affecting india.
the terrorism and terrorist organizations are creating problems for them (pakistan) also.
they have poverty, unemployment.
it is time for india and pakistan to fight poverty and unemployment.
we are making so much of investment in defence, the senior bjp leader said.
when referred to the blame game over who politicized the issue, the senior bjp leader said: it is the opposition party (which is) creating doubts about the incident.
my feeling is we should not discuss this.
on the issue of surgical strike, gadkari was asked why the government is not believing the congress when it says that surgical strikes in pakistan were carried out during its rule too.
actually these are not issues of discussion.
these are issues of national security.
we should not politicize it and we should not discuss it.
otherwise, suppose i say something, the opposition party says something more.
it creates debate.
it is one type of insult to defence forces, he responded.
on fielding of malegaon blast accused sadhvi pragya as a bjp candidate from bhopal lok sabha constituency, the former party president said she was innocent and that there was a political conspiracy against her.
it (to name her as blast accused) was a conspiracy by the congress party to defame the hindu community.
that is the reason that they wanted to create hindu terrorism against muslim terrorism.
that was the conspiracy at that time, he added.
by express news servicenew delhi: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) is likely to contest about 435 lok sabha seats, while the saffron outfit has so far released the list of candidates for 366 parliamentary constituencies.
though the bjp had earlier planned to contest not less than 450 lok sabha seats in the hope that prime minister narendra modi would help the outfit garner a larger number of constituencies, the saffron outfit bartered expansion for better prospects of the national democratic alliance (nda).
the bjp had contested 432 lok sabha seats in 2014 general elections and had bagged 282 seats, becoming the first political outfit to gain full majority after a gap of three decades.
the bjp most likely will be contesting about 435 seats.
we have ceded space in bihar to allies where the party is contesting on 17 seats against 31 in the 2014 polls, said a senior bjp functionary.
follow our election coverage herethe bjp also let go of expansion plans and settled for the same number of seats to contest in punjab and maharashtra by sticking with nda allies, shiromani akali dal (sad) and shiv sena.
the bjp also stitched alliances with regional parties in tamil nadu for a rainbow coalition in the state, while opting to contest only a few seats.
the bjp also seemingly ceded spaces to allies in north-east to gain the prospect for better strike rate for the nda.
meanwhile, bjp chief amit shah will file nomination from the gandhinagar parliamentary constituency on saturday.
scores of nda leaders, including sad patriarch parkash singh badal, union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, piyush goyal, ram vilas paswan, sena supremo uddhav thackeray, bjp organisational secretary ram lal, gujarat chief minister and his deputy vijay rupani and nitingadkari patel respectively will attend the event.
shah will address a rally and take out a roadshow before filing the nomination.
bjp announces names of 11 candidatesthe bjp on friday announced 11 more candidates for the lok sabha polls, including three each from karnataka, madhya pradesh and rajasthan.
by ptinew delhi: india endeavours to take the rs 11,000 crore methanol economy to about rs 2 lakh crore in five years in a bid to promote cleaner fuel and cut down on the huge crude oil import bills, union minister nitingadkari gadkari said friday.
the transport minister, who inaugurated electric vehicle expo here, cautioned the manufacturers not to compromise on quality by importing substandard parts from china.
also read: no interest in being 2019 pm face: nitingadkari gadkariindia is now electricity surplus and there is also abundance of coal and solar power.
government's thrust is to promote import substitute, cost effective and pollution free transport that includes electric mobility.
it is our endeavour to take rs 11,000 crore methanol economy to rs 1.
he said methanol was priced at rs 12 a litre in israel, rs 16 a litre in china and rs 22 a litre in india and was much cheaper than petrol and diesel.
the minister said the electric mobility space has seen many changes in the last one year with e-rickshaws reaching every nook and corner of the country besides the advent of electric auto-rickshaws and bikes.
a huge amount of foreign exchange goes out of the country due to crude oil imports.
we need to check it, the minister said adding that the government entity wapcos has inked a pact with austria's doppelmayr group in the area of ropeways to provide mobility in hilly terrains besides tough areas.
pay attention to quality and standard.
do not compromise on quality with cheap imports of parts from china, else the government will take hard steps, he warned the industry.
a joint venture was also announced between keto motors and kyto green technologies with unveiling of electric auto 'kyto'.
goenka electric's ceo zafar iqbal said his company planned to spend usd 5 million in india in two years time and will manufacture 20,000 units of high-speed electric auto 'super king'.
md of saarthi brand of e-rickshaw ashwani sehgal said his company planned to manufacture 1,000 units of electric auto launched during the expo.
the company launched electric auto 'shavak'.
altius technologies said it plans to expand its operations.
the government is taking steps for implementing methanol economy in india and has constituted five task forces including one on its production from high ash coal.
niti aayog has set up an apex committee and five task forces under it for carrying out r&d activities and developing road map for implementing methanol economy in india, the government said thursday.
it said india imported 212.
7 million tonne of crude oil in 2016-17 and estimated that a 15 per cent methanol blending can result in replacement of around 31.
9 million tonne of crude oil.
by express news servicelucknow: after doling out diwali bonanza in the form of 10,000 sarees in congress chief rahul gandhi's parliamentary constituency amethi, union textile minister smriti irani is set for another jamboree as she is expected to throng guariganj in amethi district with half a dozen ministers to launch some development projects on monday.
however, the congress is keeping a close eye on bjp's outreach in the gandhi bastion.
while deputy cm keshav prasad maurya, also holding the charge of public works department (pwd) department, will accompany irani to dedicate road projects worth several crores for amethi, state irrigation minister dharampal singh will also be a part of the entourage for dedicating a dam at pipri village.
the people of this village had threatened to boycott 2014 lok sabha elections to flag out their problem of recurrent floods owing to untamed gomti waters.
then irani, who had fought the election against rahul gandhi and lost to him, had promised a dam to the villagers.
by dedicating the dam, the ruling party wants to send across the message that for us development was beyond any political or poll agenda, said a senior bjp leader adding that despite losing the election, we delivered our promise.
besides, two primary health centres (phcs) and a job fair (rozgar mela) are also on agenda of inauguration on monday.
moreover, mohsin raza , the lone muslim member in yogi cabinet and amethi-incharge along with suresh pasi, the local mla from adjoin jagdishpur assembly constituency and state's skill development minister will also joing the union minister.
close on heels of this mega push to amethi, another is on the cards, when up health minister siddharthnath singh will accompany irani again to amethi to dedicate a trauma centre and a 200-bed hospital.
some national highway projects are also on the anvil for the region and union surface transport minister nitingadkari gadkari is expected to launch them soon in amethi.
meanwhile, reacting to bjp build-up in amethi, congress leaders reject her efforts as a mere attempt to draw limelight.
she is least bothered about the development of the people, she just wants to hog limelight, says dwijendra tripathi, a congress leader in lucknow.
however, amethi unit chief of congress feels that the minister frequents the constituency under pm's pressure.
by ptinew delhi: hitting back at the congress for its attack on the modi government over the pulwama terror attack, the bjp friday said some political parties are not standing with the country for petty politics when nations across the world have backed india.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra dismissed as lies the congress's claim that prime narendra modi was completely oblivious to the terror strike or insensitive as he continued with his prior engagements after the attack, and asserted that such lies need not be responded to.
the ruling party had in a tweet said that modi's photo-shoot, on the day of the pulwama terror attack, that rahul gandhi had referred to in his tweet took place before the incident and not after it as alleged by the congress president.
at a press conference, patra also attacked west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and some other opposition leaders, claiming that they have spoken on the same lines as pakistan has by questioning the timing of the attack.
the neighbouring country has tried to link the attack with the upcoming lok sabha polls in india, he said, accusing the trinamool congress president of making similar comments.
he referred to the un security council's strong condemnation of the terror attack and naming of pakistan-based terror outfit jaish-e-mohammad by the global body to underscore the modi government's efforts to isolate pakistan.
on the one hand all countries are standing with india humanity is standing with us, some political parties for their petty politics are not standing with the country, patra said, attacking the congress.
tweets of congress leaders, including manish tewari and shashi tharoor, have become headlines in pakistan, he said.
tewari had targeted union minister nitingadkari gadkari over his comment that india has decided to stop the flow of its share of water to pakistan, saying it was an attempt to package high octane jingoism to hide national security failures.
tharoor in a tweet appeared to be critical of the view that india should not play pakistan in the cricket world cup.
at the height of the 1999 kargil war, india played pakistan in the cricket world cup, & won.
to forfeit the match this year would not just cost two points: it would be worse than surrender, since it would be defeat without a fight, the congress leader has tweeted.
slamming a media report that had done a caste-wise analysis of the 40 crpf personnel who were killed in the attack, patra alleged that the congress was behind it.
what kind of articles the congress is getting printed, he asked, saying that pakistan sees casteism and hindu-muslim issues as faultlines to weaken india.
to a question about meghalaya governor tathagata roy's tweet backing a boycott of everything kashmiri, patra said kashmir is an inseparable part of india and kashmiris are like brothers and sisters to other indians.
earlier in the day, the bjp had dismissed gandhi's claim that modi attended a photo-shoot allegedly hours after the pulwama attack on february 14 as fake news, asserting that photographs were taken in morning.
rahul ji, india is tired of your fake news.
stop sharing photos from that morning to shamelessly mislead the nation.
maybe you knew in advance of the attack but people of india got to know in the evening.
try a better stunt next time, where sacrifice of soldiers isn't involved, the bjp tweeted.
the bjp took on gandhi after the congress chief called modi prime time minister and said he continued shooting for a film in uttarakhand even three hours after the news of the pulwama terror strike came in.
by iansnew delhi: with petrol and diesel rates skyrocketing on a daily basis, road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday advocated bringing fuel under the gst to curb the price hike.
petrol and diesel should have been brought under the goods and services tax.
i asked officials during a presentation if we bring fuel prices under gst will it benefit the states or not.
he said, however, the states were wary of losing revenue on account of taxes they collect from fuel prices and liquor.
it will be good if fuel prices are brought under gst.
this will not only reduce the fuel prices but will also increase the government's revenue.
he, however, said it was his personal opinion, and the ultimate decision regarding this remained with the petroleum ministry.
the minister said fuel prices were surging because of international crude oil rate.
earlier, we were giving subsidy on the import (of fuels).
when the rates came down, the subsidy was removed.
we are part of a global economy.
.
.
the price of petrol and diesel are increasing due to rise of their price in international rates.
he said the money that was saved from removing subsidy on fuel allowed the government to give free liquid petroleum gas (lpg) connections to eight crore families across india.
by ptimumbai: union minister nitingadkari gadkari wednesday said his government is ready to pay a political price for stringent decisions like demonetisation and the gst, even as he admitted there is an agricultural crisis and rural distress in the country.
he also hoped the results of the 2019 lok sabha elections won't be the same as the just-concluded assembly polls, in which the bjp lost three states to the congress.
drawing a parallel, the minister said anything can happen in politics and cricket and it would be wrong to assume that the assembly results were giving a reflection of what would happen during the general elections next year.
he said development was the focus of the bjp and the prime minister narendra modi-led government, and they were ready to pay a political price for certain stringent decisions like demonetisation and gst, taken in the interest of the country.
speaking at the india economic conclave organised here by times network, the minister for road transport and highways said agenda of politics was different at national, state, district and municipal levels and it is highly difficult to predict on which issue a political party wins.
as far as we are concerned, our agenda will be development and for this we have taken a few stringent decisions like demonetisation and gst.
but i feel these issues should not be politicised as we are seeing its benefits in the form of reduction in black-money and improvement in the economy, he said.
for the interest of the country if we have to take certain stringent decisions and if we have to pay a political price, we are ready for it, gadkari added.
admitting that there was an agricultural crisis and rural distress in the country, he said the government has been taking all necessary measures to ensure the sector grows significantly.
agriculture is our priority, but we need to understand that it is such a complex issue that there is no immediate solution and remedy to the problems of this sector and it will take time.
also, unless the rural and agri economy becomes robust, unless we increase the purchasing power of the large population and improve employment and boost manufacturing and services sectors, we will not be able to achieve overall development of the nation, and this is our priority, he said.
.
.
is it stability, economy or employment?
but i feel that major part of politics is dominated by three cs- cash, caste and criminals.
though this approach has changed to some extent, it still exists.
.
.
this is a fact.
this is vote bank politics.
there are people, who use reservation card strategically to win elections.
but there are others who work on the grass-root levels and get elected every time, he said.
talking about the defeat in madhya pradesh where the bjp ruled for 15 years under the leadership of shivraj singh chouhan, the minister said, after ruling for so many years, anti incumbency was bound to be there.
but the outcome of 2019 lok sabha maybe or may not be same as that of the recent assembly elections.
the agenda and subjects of all elections are different.
the work which our government has done at the national level will be tested during the lok sabha elections only, he said.
by express news servicethiruvananthapuram: though the national highways authority of india has come up with a revised communication over the categorisation of projects in the wake of political pressure, there is still ambiguity over nh development in the state.
there is a lack of clarity in the revised communication over land acquisition in the state.
also the controversial decision of putting nh development in the state to high priority ii has not been revoked.
citing these issues, state works minister g sudhakaran wrote to union minister nitingadkari gadkari seeking to address the issues.
the nhai had earlier come out with a communication putting nh development in kerala in high priority ii category.
following which the state government had come out against the centre.
union minister from kerala alphons kannanthanam also wrote to nitingadkari gadkari seeking to revoke the decision.
as per the modified communication, it is not to be construed that the projects in high-2 list are dropped.
the projects in high 2 list may be continued after seeing specific approval of nhai hq by providing the status of land acquisition as on may 2, 2019 and traffic.
citing ambiguity in the modified letter, sudhakaran said the issue raised by the state has not been properly addressed.
even in the revised letter the categorisation of high priority i and ii exist.
also no decision has been taken on taking forward land acquisition in the state.
in his letter to the union minister, sudhakaran demanded that all stretches of nh 66 in kerala should be included in the high priority i category.
the minister offered all support to fulfil the four-lane development of nh 66.
also measures should be taken by the nhai to publish 3d proposals submitted by the competent authority land acquisition (cala).
the minister also demanded that the nhai should finalise the long-pending tender process of thalapady - chengala, chengala - kalikkadavu and kozhikode bypass without further delay.
the stipulation that projects in high-2 can be continued after seeking specific approval of nhai hq by providing the status of land acquisition as on may 2, could prove to be harmful to kerala.
the state will have to again wait for clearance from the nhai.
therefore the first notification should be cancelled and kerala should be included in high priority i, so as to complete the proceedings in a time-bound manner, sudhakaran said in a press release.
by ptijaipur: exuding confidence that the congress will form the government at the centre in 2019, rajasthan deputy chief minister sachin pilot claimed that the bjp is under pressure as its allies are deserting the coalition.
he alleged that the bjp's allies were quitting the nda due to the arrogance of saffron party leaders and it was now under pressure which recently reflected in the seat-sharing in bihar.
upendra kushwaha has quit the nda, the tdp has already left and the shiv sena is also not with them.
now the bjp is under pressure and therefore they gave 17 seats in bihar to the jd(u) which has only two mps.
what can be a fine example of insecurity than this, pilot said.
he said the bjp leaders used to point fingers towards the congress by saying that the party was struggling for its survival but results of the recently held assembly polls in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh have sent out a strong message.
this full majority government at the centre has become so weak that it has given nearly half of bihar (lok sabha seats) to a party having just two mps just because of the fear that people are not voting for the bjp and also its allies are daring them.
this happens when the government is weak, he told pti here.
pilot said the bjp should accept the fact that it has faced a severe blow in three states and should take responsibility of the defeat.
(bjp's) nitingadkari gadkari has already spoken that the party leadership should take responsibility for the defeat.
when the congress had suffered defeat, the party president rahul gandhi had humbly accepted that but the bjp leadership is so arrogant that despite facing defeat in three states, it is unwilling to take the responsibility, he said.
pilot said there was a swing of 12.
5 per cent votes in rajasthan and the congress gained 99 seats in 2018 from 21 assembly seats in 2013.
we won 21 (assembly) seats in 2013 and the number of seats has increased five times in 2018.
swing of votes is 12.
5 per cent.
bjp's vote share has decreased by 6.
6 per cent and ours increased by six per cent.
it's a rare swing, he said.
pilot, who is also the party's rajasthan unit chief, said the victory of the congress has boosted the morale of party workers and they have started preparing for the 2019 lok sabha polls.
we have formed the government and along with delivering on our promises, we are focusing on the upcoming elections.
meetings in the party have already started.
the party will register a thumping victory in the lok sabha polls and the congress will form the government at the centre, he said.
rajasthan has 25 lok sabha seats and at present, 22 are with the bjp, one with the congress and two are vacant.
the bjp had won all the 25 seats in the 2014 general elections but it lost two seats to the congress in bypolls held earlier this year.
two sitting mps -- raghu sharma (congress) and harish meena (bjp) -- won the recently held assembly polls and they have resigned as the mp thus making their seats vacant.
bjp's harish meena, who was director general of the rajasthan police, had defected to the congress before the assembly polls and contested on congress ticket from deoli-uniara assembly constituency and got elected.
the senior bjp leader whose portfolios include river development and ganga rejuvenation addressed a poll rally at aathner in betul lok sabha constituency in madhya pradesh.
we have finished only 30 per cent work (of ganga clean-up) yet.
during the last kumbh mela, the prime minister of mauritius did not take a dip in the river as the water was dirty, he said.
this time, priyanka gandhi drank the ganga's water many times (when she visited varanasi).
had we not improved the river's condition, how could you have drunk its water?
follow our full election coverage herehe also said she could travel by a boat through the river because the nda government developed a waterway from allahabad to varanasi.
people can now visit gangotri, yamunotri, kedarnath and badrinath round the year because the bjp-led government has constructed all-weather roads to pilgrimage centers with an estimated cost of rs 12,000 crore, he said.
he also spoke about steps taken by the narendra modi government on the developmental front and its decisive actions against terrorism.
harpreet bajwa byexpress news servicechandigarh: to stop indias river water from flowing into pakistan, the punjab government has sought rs 412 crore from the centre to build a dam at makora pattan on the confluence of ravi and ujh rivers.
the state has also impressed upon the centre to accord it the status of a national project.
after a meeting with the union minister for water resources nitingadkari gadkari on wednesday, punjabs rural development and panchayat minister tripat rajinder singh bajwa and water resources minister sukhbinder singh sarkaria told mediapersons that with the construction of this dam, about 600 cc of river water flowing into pakistan could be checked and utilized by the state for irrigation.
by iansnew delhi: union minister and senior bjp leader nitingadkari gadkari described prime minister narendra modis attack on rajiv gandhi as a reaction to the insults that he has been subjected to by the congress party and asserted that he cannot be blamed for it.
targeting the congress for calling modi a chor (a thief), he said it was very unfortunate that such language was being used against a person holding the post of prime minister.
the prime minister is not the prime minister of the bjp.
he is the prime minister of the country, he underlined, adding that it is the duty of all political parties and people of the country to respect whoever holds this post.
he said there can be differences of opinion, which is understandable, but use of foul language was not good for the democracy.
matbhed hone chahiye, mann bed nahi (there should be difference of opinion but no ill will), the minister for road transport and highways, shipping and water resources said.
his attention was drawn to the fact that even the prime minister has made certain remarks, like calling late rajiv gandhi 'corrupt number 1', which many feel does not behove his stature.
this is action and reaction.
when someone is using a word, it is expected from the other person to respond in the same language.
it is action and reaction.
i feel in politics, it is sometimes a game of actions and reactions.
you cannot blame a person for a reaction.
when there is action, there is reaction from the other side.
it is unfortunate, the senior bjp leader added.
at the same time, he stressed the need for going beyond who is responsible and said, it is time for all in the democracy to think qualitatively how we are going to improve the atmosphere.
gadkari was asked whether he was trying to justify modi's 'brashtachari number 1' remark against rajiv gandhi when he said on thursday that the prime minister had been abused 56 times.
the way the prime minister was insulted 56 times, is it good for the country?
the prestige and respect of the prime minister is not respect of any one political party.
he is the prime minister of the country.
.
.
these types of remarks are not good for the country, he said.
the minister said it was not good that hard words are exchanged between parties.
he stressed that there should be a political battle with policies, programmes and performance of the present government and what is the future perspective that the opposition can give.
this type of qualitative discussion may change the total scenario of the democracy.
it is going to create a bad image for the country the way in which words are used by the political parties.
it is really the time for the country to think about how we can bring about qualitative reform in the system.
he said the four pillars of the indian democracy - judiciary, executive, legislative and media - should see how to encourage the quality in the political life, how we can make valuable transformation, which is value based for the democracy.
he added that this is the time we have to 100 per cent clean the political system.
this is the time to subtract negative from the present atmosphere.
we have to achieve a good atmosphere.
we are building a good expressway from meerut to delhi.
no one is going to write a good thing (about it).
but if there is one pothole, they are going to take photographs and give to media, he said, adding negative and contradictions are very much good liking for media.
they always want to add flavor to it.
it is not good.
he said media is generally interested in controversies and it is time for all stakeholders of democracy to protect our democracy and bring about qualitative reform in the system.
by ptinew delhi: in a left-handed compliment, congress president rahul gandhi said monday union minister nitingadkari gadkari is the only one in the bjp who has the guts, and asked him to comment on the rafale deal, job crisis, farmers distress and destruction of institutions.
gandhi's remarks came following gadkari's remarks that one who cannot take care of home, cannot manage the country.
the union minister hit back at gandhi, saying he does not need a certificate from gandhi on his courage and alleged that the congress chief is taking the help of reports twisted by the media to attack his government.
also read | nitingadkari gadkari only one in bjp with some guts: rahul gandhithe congress president cited a report quoting gadkari as saying that party workers should first fulfil their domestic responsibilities as those who cannot do that cannot manage the country.
gadkari ji, compliments.
you are the only one in the bjp with some guts.
please also comment on: the rafale scam and anil ambani, farmers' distress and destruction of institutions, gandhi tweeted and tagged with it the report on gadkari's comments.
oops, gadkari ji.
huge apology.
i forgot the most important one.
jobs!
jobs!
jobs!
jobs!
he said later in a tweet.
the union minister had made the remarks on saturday while addressing former workers of the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp), the bjp's student wing, in nagpur.
gadkari took to twitter to reply to the congress chief.
read | leaders who don't keep promise get 'beaten up' by people: former bjp president nitingadkari gadkarirahul gandhi ji, i do not need a certificate from you on my courage, but it is a matter of surprise that even after being the president of a national party you have to take the help of news twisted by the media to attack our government, gadkari tweeted.
the congress chief's comments praising gadkari came in the wake of various other congress leaders lauding the union minister for his recent statements they view as a swipe at the bjp leadership.
congress spokesperson manish tewari had last week lauded gadkari for his remarks that leaders who fail to fulfil promises get 'beaten up' by people, but at the same time took a swipe at him saying his target was prime minister narendra modi and his eyes were on the pm's chair.
the remarks had come days after the bjp's loss in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh assembly polls.
incidentally, rahul gandhi was seen exchanging notes with gadkari while being seated along with him in the front row at the republic day parade at rajpath.
by pticooch (behar): west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh's vehicle was attacked thursday at sitalkuchi area of cooch behar district by unidentified miscreants.
ghosh is in the district to take part in the saffron party's 'rathyatra'.
he was attacked when he was on his way to mathabhanga in the district.
tmc leaders attacked my car and shouted slogans demanding that i should go back.
some of my party workers were injured during the violence.
the police were watching merely as mute spectators, he said after the incident at sitai more in sitalkuchi.
senior tmc leader rabindranath ghosh termed the allegation as baseless and said the attack was a fallout of infighting in bjp.
the district police administration said they are looking into the incident.
bjp president amit shah is scheduled to kickstart the party's 'save democracy rally', comprising three 'rath yatras', in the state.
bjp has claimed that the rath yatra would be a game changer in west bengal politics and shah had set a target of winning 22 out of 42 lok sabha seats in the state.
apart from prime minister narendra modi and shah, several top bjp leaders and chief ministers such as rajnath singh, arun jaitley, nitingadkari gadkari, nirmala sitharaman, raman singh, yogi adityanath, uma bharati and giriraj singh will participate in the campaign.
modi is likely to attend four rallies to give a thrust to the party's campaign in the state ahead of the 2019 lok sabha polls.
manish anand byexpress news servicenew delhi: sensing that the outcome of the chhattisgarh assembly elections could go down to the wire, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) is bracing for post-poll manoeuvring, on the lines of what it did in goa, to stay in power, party functionaries who were privy to the discussions said on monday.
the first three assembly poll verdicts in the state since it was formed have shown a dropping victory margin for the bjp.
the partys strategists are therefore planning to wean away non-congress mlas to get past the half way mark in the state assembly.
results for the polls which took place on november 12 and 20, will be declared on december 11.
in the event the state throws a split verdict, the bjp will be on course to outmanoeuvre the congress to cobble up a majority in chhattisgarh on the lines of goa.
the bjp strategists are counting on a couple of legislators who could win from the bsp to bolt to the saffron camp to beat the congress.
.
.
, said one of the sources cited above.
the bjps victory margin was two per cent in chhattisgarh in its first election.
it came down to 1.
5 per cent in the second, and it was squeezed to 0.
8 per cent in 2013.
if it gets further squeezed, then all possibilities have to be accounted for, added the functionary.
in the 2017 assembly polls in goa, despite coming in second to the congress, senior bjp leader and union minister nitingadkari gadkari is credited to have outsmarted the congress in-charge digvijaya singh in putting together a post-poll alliance to form the government after a split verdict in the state.
in the case of chhattisgarh, bjp leaders are counting on the bahujan samaj party (bsp) to win several seats in the bilaspur region.
the smaller parties may share about 5-6 seats in the state which has a total of 90 assembly seats.
the ajit jogi factor was seen cutting a greater vote base of the congress, than the bjps.
yet, the extent of damage to the bjp and the congress on account of the ajit jogi factor is to be seen, said another senior bjp functionary.
kumar vikram byexpress news servicenew delhi: four months after experimenting with biofuel to fly aircraft, the government still has no proposal to use this in regular flights.
the countrys first ever bio jet fuel-powered flight was successfully tested between dehradun and delhi on august 28 last year, paving the way for use of alternative fuels in the aviation sector.
however, the aviation ministry is yet to put up any proposal to operate regular flights with a blend of bio jet fuel and atf.
an official said, about 450 litres of bio jet fuel was used to fly the aircraft last year and adequate stock of such fuel would be needed for regular flights.
there are plans to scale up production of biofuels, he added.
many union ministers including aviation minister suresh prabhu, environment minister harshvardhan, minister of petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan, and minister of road transport and highways nitingadkari gadkari were present at the igi airport in delhi when the first such flight arrived from dehradun.
a spicejet flight was tested with one of the two engines of the plane running on a blend of 25 per cent bio jet fuel and 75 per cent atf (aviation turbine fuel), with the other engine running on atf alone.
under the leadership of hon'ble pm sri @narendramodi ji, our govt.
has decided to stop our share of water which used to flow to pakistan.
we will divert water from eastern rivers and supply it to our people in jammu and kashmir and punjab (sic), gadkari had tweeted on thursday.
however, additional director general of media and communications in the ministry neeta prasad later clarified that it was not a new decision and that the water resources minister was simply reiterating what he had always said.
also read | india's share of water that flows to pakistan will be diverted to yamuna, reiterates gadkarithe water resources ministry on friday issued a statement giving details of the projects being implemented to stop the flow of waters that belong to india.
asked what prompted the ministry to issue the statement, a source said the minister's tweet prompted the ministry to give details of the projects being worked upon.
the indus system comprises indus river, jhelum, chenab, ravi, beas and sutlej.
the basin is mainly shared by india and pakistan with a small share for china and afghanistan, the ministry said in the statement.
under the indus water treaty signed between india and pakistan in 1960, all the waters of the three rivers, namely ravi, sutlej and beas (eastern rivers) averaging around 33 million acre-feet (maf) were allocated to india for exclusive use.
the waters of western rivers -- indus, jhelum, and chenab averaging to around 135 maf were allocated to pakistan except for specified domestic, non-consumptive and agricultural use permitted to india as provided in the treaty.
india has constructed the bhakra dam on sutlej, pong and pandoh dam on beas and thein (ranjitsagar) on ravi.
these storage works, together with other works like beas-sutlej link, madhopur-beas link, indira gandhi nahar project etc.
has helped india utilise nearly entire share (95  ) of waters of the eastern rivers.
however, about 2 maf of water annually from ravi is reported to be still flowing unutilised to pakistan below madhopur.
the ministry also listed the projects being worked on to stop the flow of the waters that belong to india for its utilisation in the country.
among the projects is the shahpurkandi project that will help in utilising the waters coming out from powerhouse of thein dam to irrigate 37,000 hectares of land in jammu and kashmir (j&k) and punjab, and generate 206 mw of power, the statement said.
the project was scheduled to be completed by september 2016.
however, following a dispute between the states of j&k and punjab, the work on the project had been suspended since august 30, 2014.
after an agreement reached on september 8, 2018, between j&k and punjab, the construction work has now been resumed by the punjab government, under the central government's monitoring.
another project aimed at restricting the flow of the waters belonging to india is the ujh multipurpose project that will create a storage of about 781 million cubic metre of water on river ujh , a tributary of ravi, for irrigation and power generation in india, the statement said.
the detailed project report of the venture has been technically approved for the total estimated cost of rs 5,850 crore in july, 2017.
this project is a national project and the central assistance of rs 4,892.
47 crore on works portion of irrigation component as well as the special grant is under consideration, the statement said.
the implementation of the project will take 6 years from beginning of the implementation, the statement said.
the third project aimed at stopping the flow of the waters that belong to india is the second ravi-beas link below ujh, it said.
this project is being planned to tap excess water flowing down to pakistan through river ravi, even after construction of thein dam, by constructing a barrage across river ravi for diverting water through a tunnel link to beas basin.
the three projects will help india to utilise its entire share of waters given under the indus water treaty 1960, the ministry said.
by ptinew delhi: all motor vehicles will come fitted with tamper-proof high-security registration plates (hsrps) from april 1 to protect against counterfeiting, parliament was informed thursday.
he said transport department officials of states, representatives from testing agencies like automotive research association of india, central institute of road transport, central road research institute, and society of indian automobile manufactures, attended the meet and supported the proposal.
hsrps have certain security features and are protected against counterfeiting.
manufacturers or suppliers of hsrps, if so authorised by the state concerned, may also supply the hsrp for old vehicles after placing the registration mark, he said.
an hsrp is a chromium-based hologram applied by hot stamping on the number plates both at the front and back besides laser-branding of a permanent identification number, an official said.
third registration mark refers to a chromium-based hologram sticker affixed on the inner side of the vehicles' windshield which will have the details of registration, the official added.
by express news servicenew delhi: with several states engaged in a bitter fight over water sharing, union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari on friday said there is enough water available in the country but the real issue is effective water management.
he was speaking at an event where the centre entered into an agreement with six states  delhi, himachal pradesh, haryana, rajasthan, uttar pradesh and uttarakhand  for the construction of the renukaji multi-purpose dam project in the upper yamuna basin.
the project was conceived as a storage project on the giri river (a tributary of river yamuna) in sirmour district of himachal pradesh.
it envisages construction of a 148-metre-high rock filled dam for supply of water to delhi and other basin states.
the project will also generate 40 mw of power during peak flow.
the himachal pradesh power corporation ltd. (hppcl) will execute the project and its total live storage is 0.
404 maf.
about 1,508 hectares in the territory of himachal pradesh will be submerged by the project.
a consensus on the kishau multi purpose project on river yamuna has also been developed and soon an agreement for it will also be signed, he said.
after the construction of the dam, the flow of river giri will increase about 110 per cent which will meet the drinking water needs of delhi and other basin states up to some extent during the lean period.
stored water of the renukaji dam will be used by up, haryana, delhi and rajasthan from hathnikund barrage, wazirabad barrage and okhla barrage.
the project is yet to receive the stage-ii forest clearance from the ministry of environment, forests and climate change.
by ptinagpur: claiming that the then defence minister manohar parrikar knew there was corruption in rafale deal, congress president rahul gandhi thursday said the deal would be probed if his party comes to power at the centre.
addressing a campaign rally here, gandhi alleged that prime minister narendra modi changed the fighter jet purchase deal, resulting in price increase.
i am telling you, inquiry will be initiated after elections and the other chowkidar will be in jail, he said, referring to the prime minister's exhortation to everybody to become a `chowkidar'.
the defence ministry document states narendra modi changed it (the original contract) and purchased (each) jet for rs 1,600 crore, gandhi said.
the chowkidar committed theft.
the then defence minister (late parrikar), when asked by the media, said i don't know about the new deal, you directly ask narendra modi, i don't know about it.
because parrikar knew corruption had taken place and (thought) someone will get trapped, gandhi said.
follow our election coverage herehitting out at industrialist anil ambani, gandhi said ambani had no money, no expertise in defence manufacturing and all his businesses had failed.
despite this, anil ambani got the biggest defence contract (under the rafale deal).
his brother saved him from going to jail, he said.
why should anil ambani get the rafale contract and why not somebody from vidarbha (region where the poll rally was held), gandhi said.
the congress leader asserted that he was in politics for the long haul and here for another 10 to 15 years.
i want to build a long-standing relationship with you.
i will not speak lies.
modi has grown old and is in a hurry.
so he is telling lies, gandhi said.
he did not lie since lies gets exposed sooner or later, the congress president said, adding that his party works while the bjp only makes hollow promises.
read here: 'won't speak against cpm, i'm in wayanad with message of unity': rahul gandhipolling will be held in nagpur lok sabha constituency in the first phase on april 11.
union minister nitingadkari gadkari of the bjp is pitted against congress' nana patole here.
making a strong pitch for the 'nyay' minimum income guarantee scheme of his party, gandhi said all economists have told him that the scheme to deposit rs 72,000 every month in the bank accounts of the poor was feasible and can be implemented without hurting india's economy.
the 'nyay' scheme is a surgical strike by congress on poverty.
every indian should get a minimum of rs 12,000 every month, he said, adding the congress government will provide enough funds for the scheme.
corruption, unemployment and farmers' problems were the priority issues for elections this time, and modi should explain what he had done to tackle them in the last five years, gandhi said.
he reiterated his challenge to modi to take part in a 15-minute open debate on corruption, economy and national security with him.
he (modi) will not be able to show his face to you since he knows he can't answer questions.
this is the reality, gandhi said.
unemployment in the country has reached a 45-year high, the congress president claimed.
by express news servicenew delhi: two men, who tried to kill their brother-in-law as their sister had got married against the wishes of the family, have been arrested, police said on friday.
the residents of hastsaal village, neeraj, 32, and nitingadkari , 28, told police that their sister married a person against the wishes of their family and society.
so, they decided to kill her husband but failed in their attempt.
the accused were arrested on thursday after the police received a tip-off that both are coming to gurugram.
the victim is a gym trainer and neeraj works out at the same gym.
the incident occurred on wednesday night when the accused fired at their sisters husband when he was crossing lal chowk in the uttam nagar area.
when he (victim) saw one of them pulling out a pistol, the victim tried to flee the spot.
the accused opened fire and the victim sustained an injury in his right hand.
the brothers started hitting the victim shouting shoot him in the head.
when a crowd started gathering at the spot, the accused fled, deputy commissioner of police, crime branch, rajesh deo said.
a case has been filed.
gurbir singh byexpress news servicein one fell swoop, the central government has wriggled out from its commitment to come up with a comprehensive electric vehicle (ev) policy; and it comes as music to the ears of the fossil fuel-guzzling car makers!
speaking alongside gadkari, niti aayog chief executive amitabh kant justified the ministers words: what we need is action plans.
technology is always ahead of rules and regulations.
and in india it becomes very tough to change rules and regulations; so let there be just action.
this is a clever way of telling the nascent electric car industry, which is fighting the big gasoline car-making goliaths: guys, you are on your own now!
this is a big u-turn.
in june last year, minister of state for renewable energy, piyush goyal boldly announced the country would only sell electric vehicles (evs) by 2030; and that the government would come out with a supporting road map soon.
the government proclaimed to worldwide applause that its ev policy would reduce the oil consumption bill by $60 billion a year and emissions by 37 per cent.
to indicate it means business, the modi government came out with a tender for purchasing 10,000 electric vehicles through the state-run energy efficiency services (eesl).
big auto makers hit backthe rattled traditional car manufacturers pressed the panic button and began a specious campaign.
mercedes-benz india md and chief executive roland folger said last december: by 2040, the whole world will be driving home hydrogen cars.
to me, the whole plan to go electric nationwide looks like a rushed idea.
it is diversion-speak to talk of hydrogen technology when ev technology is here and kicking as an environmentally sustainable model.
the international energy agencys (iea) 2017 outlook report reveals norway as the ev world leader and it has already achieved 29 percent market share of electric cars followed by netherlands at 6.
4 percent.
for those who thought that an ev policy is a western conspiracy should look towards china which is today the largest electric car market accounting for more than 40 per cent of ev sales in the world.
the iea report also reveals that worldwide electric car stocks in 2016 doubled from the previous year, surpassing the two million mark.
but at this nascent stage, electric cars need policy support from government.
a supportive policy environment enables market growth by making vehicles appealing for consumers, reducing risks for investors and encouraging manufacturers willing to develop ev business streams on a large scale, says the iea outlook report.
policy support is keya key area of support is for incentivising research, particularly, research on reducing cost of the lithium ion batteries, a key feature of evs.
today, evs are more expensive by 2.
5 times than equivalent traditional car models, making cost a huge deterrent.
financial incentives in the form of tax breaks, and reducing gst to zero or near zero is another way of making evs an attractive proposition.
a differentiated tax imposition on the level of emissions and fuel efficiency is already in place in countries like south africa, china and canada, and india could well follow the lead.
similarly, a slew of municipal measures can help tilt the scales.
these could include bans on access for fuel guzzlers to inner city areas; or a total ban on diesel vehicles as announced by paris and mexico city by 2025.
it could also take the form of incentives such as rebates and waivers on road tolls and parking fees as are in place in many chinese cities.
london has taken exemplary action in this respect, announcing the ultra low emission zone (ulez) policy for 2019.
to improve air quality, all vehicles in ulez areas in central london will need to meet high-benchmarked exhaust emission standards or pay a daily charge to travel.
the london congestion charge already in place offers a 100 percent discount for electric cars.
if the indian government can incentivise solar power, why not electric cars?
indias ev industry is miniscule.
in fy16, just 20,000 electric cars were sold compared to the auto industrys sale of 3 million passenger cars in 2016-17.
globally, too, electric cars have a long way to go as it accounts for just a tiny 0.
2 percent of the stock of the worlds light passenger vehicles.
in this scenario, the government taking fright of the challenge of electric cars on behalf of the fuel guzzlers and polluters is indeed deplorable.
by iansthiruvananthapuram: kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday dismissed exit poll findings, saying they could go wrong and added the cpi-m-led left was going to win big in the state.
all exit polls, barring one, have predicted that the cpi-m-led ldf is going to take a severe beating in the southern state, with around five of the total 20 seats.
the predicted numbers are down from the eight seats the party has at present.
also read: exit polls not final decision, but hint at bjp's win, says nitingadkari gadkarilet us now wait for may 23.
don't you know that previous exit polls have gone haywire.
what did they say in 2004, that the bjp-led nda would return to power.
did they come?
asked vijayan.
we have no doubt about kerala.
we are going to win big.
sabarimala was not at all an election issue, a confident vijayan told with the media, hours after he returned from a european tour.
cpi-m state secretary kodiyeri balakrishnan too insisted on his party winning 18 seats, while the congress-led udf continued to say they were aiming for a clean sweep.
by iansvaranasi: prime minister narendra modi on monday inaugurated the first multi-modal terminal built on the river ganga in varanasi, his parliamentary constituency.
modi, along with union shipping minister nitingadkari gadkari, also received india's first container vessel that sailed from kolkata on the newly-developed inland waterway carrying cargo belonging to food and beverages giant pepsico india.
the cargo had sailed from west bengal on october 30.
modi was accompanied by uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath during the event.
read| congress' politics begins and ends with one family: pm modithe inland port at varanasi is the first of a string of inland waterways and terminals that the central government aims to develop.
national waterway-1 (haldia-varanasi) is being developed with technical assistance and investment support from the world bank, officials informed.
the total estimated cost of the project is rs 5,369.
18 crore, which will be equally shared between the centre and the world bank.
the prime minister is scheduled to unveil several other projects in his parliamentary constituency later in the day.
speaking at a function where he launched different highway projects worth rs 860.
26 crore and laid the foundation of projects worth rs 1,755.
the politics of development is our priority.
in the last four years, the government has taken up many developmental projects and no stone will be left unturned for development, he said.
the minister said the government was considering to build a ropeway to solve the traffic congestion problem of the city.
during the nda government's rule, construction of national highways has increased, he said, adding that work on projects worth rs 1 lakh crore is underway.
union labour minister santosh gangwar and union minister of state for water resources arjun ram meghwal were also present at the function.
by express news servicejajpur/baripada: union minister nitingadkari gadkari on thursday accused the state government of creating roadblocks in the path of development in odisha.
addressing election meetings in jajpur and mayurbhanj districts, gadkari exuded confidence that bjp will come to power again at the centre and in odisha.
speaking at a meeting in dasarathapur of jajpur, the union minister said, bjp would focus on welfare and empowerment of farmers, women, youths and weaker sections of the society for a developed odisha.
gadkari also promised that cbi would expedite probe into the sinking of black rose vessel if bjp comes to power in state.
without naming the local bjd mla, he said, your mla, who is a former minister, is corrupt and i assure you, we will investigate the black rose incident and take stern action against him if our party forms government in the state.
he reiterated the bjps double engine theory and said people of odisha will be benefitted of the union governments schemes if the party comes to power both in the state and at centre.
gadkari also promised to connect jajpur road to dhamara via the district headquarters town of jajpur with railway link if bjp is voter to power.
he urged people to vote in favour of bjp candidates in the elections.
similarly, the union minister, while addressing a vijay sankalpa samabesh at chhau field in baripada, alleged that education, irrigation and health sectors are yet to be developed in the state.
large-scale vacancies in teacher posts has brought down the quality of education in schools and colleges.
similar situation prevailed in healthcare facilities due to lack of adequate number of doctors, he alleged.
gadkari attacked the the state government for depriving the benefits of ayushman bharat scheme to the people of odisha.
the centre is willing to provide funds for development in railway sector in odisha but the state government is not cooperating.
despite being a mineral-rich district, no industries are operating in mayurbhanj, thereby depriving local youths of job opportunities, he said.
he appealed to the people to vote for bjp candidates and elect narendra modi as the prime minster again.
by ptinew delhi: sexual harassment of women at the workplace that opened #metoo floodgates in the country and abuse of children at shelter homes kept the women and child development ministry on its toes for most of the year.
india's #metoo movement, which started with bollywood actor tanushree dutta accusing co-star nana patekar of harassing her during the shooting of a film in 2008, escalated with many women coming forward with their complaints against well-known faces.
women and child development minister maneka gandhi welcomed the movement and urged all political parties and government offices to have an internal sexual harassment committee to look into such complaints.
also read | #metoo topped instagram's advocacy hashtags with 1.
5 million usage in 2018the government formed a group of ministers headed by home minister rajnath singh to look into the lacunae in the existing law on sexual harassment.
the other members of the group, which held its first meeting on december 12, are road transport minister nitingadkari gadkari, defence minister nirmala sitharaman and gandhi.
the year also saw horrific cases of alleged sexual abuse of minor children living at shelter homes coming to light.
minor girls were rescued after alleged sexual abuse at two shelter homes in muzaffarpur in bihar and deoria in uttar pradesh.
the two cases raised a big question mark on the safety and security of girls, women and children at such homes.
also read | muzaffarpur shelter home embroiled in sex scandal vacated to demolish buildingmuzaffarpur shelter home embroiled in sex scandal vacated to demolish buildingin the muzaffarpur case, the owner of the ngo running the shelter home for destitute girls was arrested besides nine other persons.
on july 26, bihar chief minister nitish kumar recommended a cbi probe.
he said that the government was ashamed by the incident.
thirty-four of the 42 minor girls at the shelter home were sexually abused, their medical examination confirmed.
the deoria case came to light after a 10-year-old girl managed to flee from her shelter home and informed authorities about the plight of the inmates, who were reportedly sexually abused by the couple running the home.
also read | five girls, not two, died in shelter homefollowing that, police raided the facility and rescued 24 girls.
gandhi ordered auditing of all shelter homes in the country and according to the apex child rights body, national commission for protection of child rights over 3000 shelter homes have been inspected till now.
the year also saw a topsy-turvy relationship between the ministry and child-care homes of missionaries of charity.
gandhi in july ordered all the states to get child-care homes run by the mother teresa-founded missionaries of charity inspected immediately, after cases of alleged illegal adoptions carried out by the homes came to light.
but in october, she asked the missionaries of charity to come back into the government's system of adoption services after the latter left the system in 2015 over an ideological row on some issues.
india's first comprehensive anti-trafficking bill seeking to deal with the crime from the point of prevention, protection and rehabilitation was approved in the lok sabha.
the bill provides for the confidentiality of victims, witnesses and complainants and time-bound trials and repatriation of the victims.
it proposes to create institutional mechanisms at district, state and central levels.
it calls for punishment ranging from 10 years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine not less than rs one lakh.
however, various groups pointed out that the bill does not mention terms like sexual exploitation or prostitution and is unfavourable towards the transgender community, because they are not conclusively covered under the bill.
the government also tightened the noose on absconding nri husbands by cancelling 33 passports of such people.
the other measures proposed by the wcd ministry included compulsory registration of all nri marriages within seven days, failing which passports and visas would not be issued to the people involved.
another proposal was holding the properties of nri offenders in escrow, in case they abscond abandoning their spouse.
the wcd ministry also directed the national commission for women to set up a dedicated cell to look into such cases.
the year saw a number of initiatives under the poshan abhiyan, a programme launched with the aim to reduce the level of stunting, undernutrition, anaemia and low birth weight in children.
prime minister narendra modi announced an increase of monthly honorarium for anganwadi workers and helpers.
anganwadi workers will be given rs 4,500 per month instead of rs 3,000, mini anganwadi workers will get rs 3,500 from rs 2,250 and anganwadi helpers will be given rs 2,250 instead of rs 1,500.
the ministry directed all state governments to verify the number of children in the anganwadis of the country after assam government found 14 lakh fake beneficiaries in the state.
since then, the verification of beneficiaries has been done in uttar pradesh and maharashtra.
there are around 14 lakh anganwadis across the country and 10 crore beneficiaries, which include children under the age of six and pregnant women and lactating mothers.
in september, gandhi had said about one crore fake beneficiaries registered in various anganwadis have been identified and eliminated.
physical torture of inmates in west bengal, no medical aid for hiv patient in odisha and no treatment for mentally challenged women in uttar pradesh were some of the key findings by the women's commission during inspections of shelter homes in these states.
as 2018 comes to an end, the ministry has to deal with issues such as safety of women and children in shelter homes, verification of beneficiaries at anganwadis and passage of the anti-trafficking bill.
by ptigurdaspur: vice-president m venkaiah naidu and punjab chief minister amarinder singh monday laid the foundation stone for the kartarpur sahib corridor, which will facilitate easy passage to sikh pilgrims to the historic gurdwara darbar sahib in pakistan.
the decision to build the passage -- from dera baba nanak in gurdaspur district to the international border -- was taken by the union cabinet on november 22.
kartarpur is located in shakargarh in narowal district of pakistan's punjab.
guru nanak dev, the founder of sikhism, had spent more than 18 years of his life there.
the kartarpur sahib gurdwara is located on the banks of the ravi river, about three-four km from the border in pakistan.
union ministers harsimrat kaur badal, hardeep singh puri and vijay sampla were also present at the event.
the punjab government had launched year-long celebrations to commemorate the 550th 'parkash purb' (birth anniversary) of guru nanak dev on november 23.
pakistan prime minister imran khan will inaugurate the ground-breaking ceremony of the kartarpur corridor on the pakistani side on november 28.
by ptimumbai: union water resources minister nitingadkari gadkari thursday said 70 to 80 per cent of the ganga will be cleaned by the end of march.
nearly rs 26,000 crore are being spent on cleaning up the holy river that's highly polluted now, under the national mission for clean ganga in association with the states, the minister said.
by the end of march, 70-80 per cent of the ganga will be cleaned, and my feeling is that by march 2020, the river will be 100 per cent clean, gadkari said at the launch of a book, 'india inspires: redefining the politics of deliverance' here this evening.
on the fall in the second quarter gdp growth rates, the minister, who also holds the key portfolios of roads & highways and ports & shipping, said as far as the economy is concerned, we are still the fastest growing one among the large economies in the world.
it can be noted that for the second quarter of the current fiscal year, the economy grew at 7.
1 per cent--a three-quarter low--over 6.
3 per cent in the year-ago period.
in the first quarter, the economy clipped at 8.
2 per cent and 7.
7 per cent in the march 2018 quarter.
for the first half, the economy grew at 7.
6 per cent, forcing many analysts to revise down the full year growth to 7.
1-7.
3 per cent.
when i became the minister, road construction was at 2 km a day, but now it is 28 km a day.
by ptinew delhi: prime minister narendra modi on tuesday likened his campaign for this lok sabha election to a pilgrimage, saying it stood out from other polls as it was being fought by the people and not the party alone.
he made these remarks at a meeting of ministers of his government at the bjp headquarters where he thanked them for their work, union minister narendra singh tomar told reporters.
i have seen many elections but this one was beyond politics.
public was fighting them.
i have campaigned in assembly elections and undertaken political tours for the party in different elections.
when i toured during these polls, it seemed that i was on a pilgrimage, the prime minister was quoted as saying.
he met union ministers from the bjp as well as allies at the meeting- called 'aabhar milan' (expressing gratitude)- hosted by party president amit shah.
shah also later hosted a dinner for party leaders and allies.
the bjp described the meeting as an occasion to thank ministers for their service to the nation ahead of the counting of votes for the lok sabha election on may 23, following which a new government will assume charge.
later in a tweet, shah said, i congratulate team modi sarkar for their hard work and remarkable achievements in the last 5 years.
let us keep this momentum going for a new india under the leadership of pm narendra modi.
union ministers rajnath singh, nitingadkari gadkari, arun jaitley, jp nadda and prakash javadekar were among the key leaders from the bjp at the meeting.
some ministers from bjp allies, including ram vilas paswan of the lok janshakti party, harsimrat kaur badal from the akali dal and anupriya patel of the apna dal, also attended the meeting.
in the dinner meet, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, jd(u) president and bihar chief minister nitish kumar, besides other allies were present.
the saffron camp has expressed confidence that the nda will emerge victorious, with the exit polls too forecasting a return of the modi government.
manish anand byexpress news servicenew delhi: the bjp has vowed to seize electoral narrative and set agenda for the lok sabha elections, with the national convention of the saffron outfit adopting a political resolution which singled out leadership to be the top plank for the polls.
the resolution moved by union minister nitingadkari gadkari stressed on electoral choice for people between mazboot or mazboor (strong or weak) government at the centre.
moving the political resolution in the concluding session of the national convention of the bjp at the ramlila ground, union minister nitingadkari gadkari argued that samajwadi party (sp) and bahujan samajwadi party (bsp) are coming together in uttar pradesh due to fears of bjp's might.
even after their alliance, we will trounce them on the ground, gadkari asserted while arguing that the bjp should be credited for old enemies joining hands.
taking part in the discussion on the political resolution, union finance minister spelt out six planks for the bjp workers to hit the ground in the elections.
it's to the advantage of the bjp if lok sabha election is held on the plank of leadership.
in narendra modi, the bjp has a decisive leadership against unknowns in the opposition camp, jaitely stressed while adding that the workers should take the statistics to engage people in conversations on the performance of the nda government.
additionally, jaitley said, the election time gives an opportunity to the bjp workers to raise core issue of the party, including measures against the practice of triple talaq and ram temple, besides the party's ideology.
you (bjp workers) should set the electoral narrative and election agenda and struggle on the ground with statistics against grand-alliance, while reminding the deeds of governments headed by choudhary charan singh, v p singh, h d deve gowda, and i k gujaral, said jaitley.
lastly, the minister said that lok sabha elections would be a test of organisational strength.
union minister ravi shankar prasad, who drafted the political resolution, stressed on mazboot versus mazboor government at the centre while noting that the people have rejected weak choices.
the political resolution also summed up the report card of the modi government at the centre, while listing out achievements in all sectors, including employment generation.
a total of 15.
26 crore small and very small businesses have got rs 7.
29 lakh crore of loans, including 50 per cent first-timers, which created employment opportunities for crores of people, the resolution noted.
taking part in the discussion, uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath claimed that opportunistic and casteist parties are forming alliances to stop the good work being done by the bjp government in the state.
by express news servicenew delhi: the government seems to have dropped its plans to frame and implement a comprehensive electric vehicle (ev) policy, with union road transport and highways minister nitingadkari gadkari stating on thursday that there was no need for an explicit policy.
the government, according to niti aayog ceo amitabh kant, is instead framing action plans to guide ev adoption.
gadkari and kant were addressing the press after launching two electric vehicle charging stations at niti aayogs premises.
the decision to refrain from rolling out an ev policy will come as a considerable relief to automakers, many of whom have lobbied the government against such a move because an abrupt shift might catch the companies off balance.
the decision to stick to action plans arises out of a desire to allow technology the freedom to evolve organically, according to kant.
every day, new technology comes to the market.
technology is ahead of rules and regulations, we cannot bind it, kant elaborated, going on to point out that in india, rules and regulations become very hard to change once instituted.
the government will take a final call on whether a policy is required or not.
but, policymakers prefer to push whatever innovations are introduced, giving freedom for disruption, he pointed out.
what we need is just action plans.
one such plan is currently in the works and (this) will be given to all ministries and (the government) will monitor it, kant said.
the decision is being welcomed by automakers, many of whom were leery of introducing new products to india until the policy was released.
the government has mooted an ambitious target to turn all cars electric by 2030, with gadkari earlier stating that an ev policy was being formulated with the goal of achieving this target.
our view had been that existing schemes have to be continued for a while and benefits given to evs.
the idea to drop an explicit policy will allow the industry to remain flexible without tying it down to specific parameters, a senior industry executive said.
by ptipune: union minister nitingadkari gadkari saturday said leadership should own up to defeat and failures also, days after his party lost polls in three hindi heartland states.
in a cryptic remark, the bjp stalwart, who is known for speaking his mind, said that nobody is willing to own up to failure unlike success.
success has many fathers but failure is an orphan, as when there is success, there will be a race to take credit but in case of failure, everybody will start pointing fingers at each other, the road transport and highways minister said.
he was speaking at an event organised by the pune district urban cooperative banks association limited (pducbal) here.
some times, banks achieve success and sometime they will have to face failure.
.
.
the banks have to face both the situations.
.
.
in politics, when there is a failure, a committee is formed but in case of success, nobody comes and asks you, he said.
the bjp ceded power to the congress in the recently-concluded assembly elections in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh,in the wake of the defeat, bjp leaders and union ministers had said that the poll outcome was not a referendum on the performance of the narendra modi government at the centre.
leadership should have the 'vrutti' (tendency) to own up the defeat and failures.
loyalty of the leadership towards the organisation will not be proved till the time it owns up responsibility for defeat, he said.
in politics, after a defeat in any state or lok sabha elections, the defeated candidates start cribbing and complain that they did not get adequate support, the senior bjp leader said.
he said a candidate loses because either his party is lacking somewhere or he is failing to gain confidence of the people.
a defeated candidate starts cribbing saying he did not get posters on time, that he did not get funds, the rally he had sought was cancelled.
citing all these reasons, he says he got defeated.
i once told a defeated candidate that you lost because you and your party lacked somewhere and that you lost because you failed to gain confidence of the people, he said.
by iansshimla: union minister for roads and highways nitingadkari gadkari was on wednesday examined by a team of doctors in a luxury hotel on the outskirts of the state capital where he was staying with his wife and he was found to be perfectly health, an official said.
earlier in the day, he complained of uneasiness at an election rally.
a tweeter post from his handle said that gadkari underwent a health check-up in shimla and he was declared perfectly fine by the doctors.
the tweet also advised people not to pay heed to any misleading news about the minister's health condition.
,        office of nitingadkari gadkari (@officeofng) may 1, 2019two teams of doctors of the indira gandhi medical college and hospital here, including the medical superintendent, were rushed to wildflower hall to examine gadkari, a senior official told ians.
gadkari was back in the state capital after addressing a public rally at sangla in kinnaur.
wildflower hall is an oberoi group's luxury resort on the outskirts of shimla.
