;;0.3818;;prime minister narendramodi has announced his commitment for a digital india, and demonstrated it by recently visiting the silicon valley.
;;0.128;;speaking before a gathering of silicon valley ceos, modi announced plans to create more public wi-fi spots including at 500 railway stations across india and an aggressive expansion of the national optical fibre network to take broadband to 600,000 villages.
;;0.8316;;we will transform governance, making it more transparent, accountable, accessible and participative, modi said, adding that e-governance is foundation of better governance  efficient, economical and effective.
;;-0.7783;;modi said digital india was born out of conviction that it was possible to rapidly transform the lives of people on margins and touch the lives of the weakest, farthest and the poorest citizen of india as also change the way our nation will live and work.
;;0.765;;calling for bridging the digital divide and promote digital literacy, modi said in the same way that we seek to ensure general literacy, technology must be accessible, affordable and value adding.
;;0.0;;modi, who is on his second visit here since becoming the prime minister in may 2014, said that in 2015, the indian economy grew faster than other major economies and the world bank and imf assess this trend to continue.
;;0.7269;;modi, who is on a three-day visit of japan aimed at pushing the bilateral relations, said, to those who are exploring (opportunities), i promise you that we are committed to further refine our policies and procedures to boost make in india.
;;0.6908;;in addition, modi said, there are futuristic infrastructure projects of second generation which include the dedicated freight corridor, the industrial corridors, high speed railways, smart cities, coastal zones and metro rail projects.
;;0.9217;;the very word 'japan' in india is a benchmark of quality, excellence, honesty and integrity, modi said and noted that japanese people have led the world in sustainable development with a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
;;0.5267;;our present is encouraging us to work together, modi said.
;;0.5267;;modi said in the last two financial years, india received about usd 55 billion as foreign direct investment, which is not only the highest ever fdi but also highest growth in fdi in india.
;;0.4939;;talking about the changes in rules and laws in india, modi said, we have successfully enacted a new legislation regarding goods and services tax (gst).
;;0.0;;the arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the arbitration law has been amended, modi said.
;;0.0;;modi said fdi equity inflows have gone up by 52 per cent in the last two years and india has gone up 19 spots on the world logistics performance index 2016 brought out by the world bank.
;;0.2023;;modi said india and japan has a number of skill development initiatives already underway and our partnership now extends to this crucial area of our priority.
;;0.6597;;you will begin to find a difference in india, modi said, asserting that his government is focused on eliminating unnecessary laws and regulations, and making processes easier.
;;0.743;;modi also said that queensland can be an important partner in india's development  in energy, mineral resources, agriculture and food security, education and advanced technology in some areas.
;;0.4019;;we have made our procedures clearly defined and smooth, modi said during a breakfast meeting with australian business leaders this morning before leaving for sydney.
;;0.4767;;modi also said that his government has launched 'make in india' as a new mission to promote manufacturing in india.
;;0.8689;;while concluding his speech, modi said india-australia relationship is comprehensive, involving economic cooperation, a growing security and strategic partnership and increasing cooperation in international forums, which are vital for peace, stability and prosperity in our region.
