;;0.0;;mr. pilot, while referring to the first meeting of the pm's committee on negp held last month, said it had also been decided to introduce the electronic delivery of services (eds) bill during the current session of parliament to mandate e-delivery of services within five years after the act comes into effect.
;;0.0;;stating that he had had fruitful discussions with senior functionaries of leading chip-makers in the us, mr. pilot said american firms were aware of the potential of india's esdm sector and some of them might soon set up units in india.
;;0.0;;mr. pilot has asked the company's executives to look at the possibility of setting up a similar facility in india.
;;0.0;;mr. pilot said the centre has developed a road map for india to leverage its competencies in software development and emerge as an esdm destination.
;;0.7269;;mr. pilot said chip manufacturing in india would have a cascading effect on other manufacturing activities, including in-depth electronic product manufacturing, leading to increased value addition and generation of employment opportunities.
;;0.0;;minister of state for communications and it sachinpilot has said that his ministry is planning to use broadband to connect all panchayats within the next two years.
;;0.5423;;we will create e-governance and make it a reality, mr. pilot said after inaugurating bsnl's value added services (vas) in punjab.
;;0.0;;mr. pilot also said that in the next two years 1.
;;0.0;;speaking at a function in jallandhar organised by hind news group for the distribution of funds for martyrs' families, mr. pilot said arunachal pradesh and kashmir are inseparable parts of the country.
;;-0.802;;no one can threaten us on the basis of terror or power and we cannot be cowed down, said mr. pilot.
;;0.6077;;under the sdc scheme, data repositories/data centres are being created in various states and union territories so that common secured data storage can be maintained to serve a host of e-governance applications, mr. pilot said.
;;0.3818;;mr. pilot said nearly 200 common service centres (cscs) have been rolled out in the state and urged all stakeholders to ensure connectivity for the cscs.
;;0.9038;;talking about the aadhaar scheme where each individual will have a unique identity number, mr. pilot said it would ensure improved service delivery and more transparent, efficient and effective governance.
