;;-0.5994;;bhubaneswar: the state bjp on friday sought intervention of governor sc jamir for an impartial probe into the sex video allegedly featuring bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena and the death of an engineering student.
;;-0.25;;bhubaneswar: stepping up protest against mayor anantanarayanjena for his alleged involvement in an objectionable video clip, nsui and youth congress activists clashed with police at rajmahal square here on tuesday.
;;-0.4767;;bhubaneswar: opposition congress and bjp on thursday demanded resignation of bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena after an objectionable video clip purportedly featuring him and two others went viral on social media.
;;0.0;;it also organised a meet on the banks of the lake which was attended by mayor anantanarayanjena , bhubaneswar mp prasanna kumar patsani, local corporators, priests and servitors from various temples and residents of old town area.
;;-0.5994;;bhubaneswar: the state bjp on friday sought the intervention of governor sc jamir for an impartial probe into the sex video allegedly featuring city mayor anantanarayanjena and the death of an engineering student.
;;-0.8519;;bhubaneswar: the odisha pradesh congress committee (opcc) on thursday cancelled its agitation programme for gherao of block offices across the state on december 30 demanding resignation of bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena in view of the model code of conduct imposed by the state election commission (sec) for the ensuing panchayat polls.
;;-0.5267;;bhubaneswar: problems seem to be mounting for bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena who is embroiled in a controversy over an objectionable video allegedly featuring him with the state bjp giving a call for four-hour 'chakka jam' across the state tomorrow demanding his resignation.
;;0.4504;;responding to the cms allegation that opposition political parties are trying to sully the image of bjd by making false accusations, the union minister said this implied that bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena did nothing wrong.
;;0.0;;bhubaneswar: mayor anantanarayanjena on friday filed a defamation suit in the court of bhubaneswar sdjm against national students union of india (nsui) state president itish pradhan and proprietor of web news portal niakhunta.com pradeep pandey.
;;0.7845;;just when the year was coming to end, a sex video allegedly featuring bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena went viral on the social media giving the opposition political parties a much-needed opportunity to take on the bjd.
;;0.2023;;a day after an objectionable video clip purportedly featuring bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena and two others went viral on social media, the congress and bjp on friday stepped up demand for a high-level independent probe to ascertain the truth.
;;0.0;;bhubaneswar (central) mla anantanarayanjena visited the slum for two days and met the residents.
;;-0.7579;;30 am, mayor anantanarayanjena arrived at the spot with a team of officers of bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) and odisha fire and disaster management services personnel.
