;;0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena inaugurated the sculpture under the clean e-bhubaneswar project, a part of the ifc-eu eco-cities programme.
;;0.5106;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, exuded confidence and said that restoration work was likely to be completed by mid-august.
;;0.5423;;bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena receives the swachh survekshan ii award from union minister of urban development m. venkaiah naidu in new delhi.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena congratulates k shanti after her election as deputy mayor of bhubaneswar municipal corporation on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;like mayor anantanarayanjena , she, too, was picked up by naveen for the coveted post.
;;0.3182;;our correspondentfriendly ties: mayor anantanarayanjena and deputy mayor k shanti greet cupertino mayor savitha vaidyanathan at biju patnaik international airport in bhubaneswar.
;;0.34;;mayor anantanarayanjena welcomed the state government's move and said the online monitoring system would come handy for them to manage the data.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena requested the villagers to cooperate with the civic body.
;;0.6908;;mayor anantanarayanjena , on the other hand, has assured they would complete the project in the next three months.
;;-0.0516;;bhubaneswar, may 1: mayor anantanarayanjena has assured pensioners, who have not got their dues for more than a year now, that the civic body was working on the problem and that they will get their money at the earliest.
;;-0.4404;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, refuted such allegations and denied having appointed anyone to dole out spots.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena takes stock of the jaundice situation at munda sahi in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena today visited the slum and interacted with the aggrieved residents.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena requested the councillors to take up development work in their wards while adhering to the schedule.
;;0.4404;;mayor anantanarayanjena with supporters in a victory rally and (below) the newly elected bjd councillors at their first meeting in bhubaneswar on friday.
;;0.431;;mayor anantanarayanjena asserted that the municipal corporation was not violating any norms.
;;0.34;;mayor anantanarayanjena welcomed the decision.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, mayor anantanarayanjena distributed fruits among patients at the bmc hospital.
;;0.4939;;mayor anantanarayanjena also assured a better cleanliness drive of the area that falls in ward no.
;;0.1531;;mayor anantanarayanjena admitted that the installation was in a bad condition and promised to take measures to restore the statue as soon as possible.
;;-0.3182;;mayor anantanarayanjena stressed on better citizen involvement for segregation of waste at source.
;;0.032;;it will also set up a treatment plant to recycle and process plastic waste without harming the environment, said mayor anantanarayanjena , adding the firm will begin work by the end of may.
;;0.0;;i then called up mayor anantanarayanjena and culture and tourism minister ashok chandra panda.
;;0.3818;;bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena receives a greeting card from children at his office.
;;0.0258;;mayor anantanarayanjena however assured of taking immediate action to repair the drain near fire station square.
;;0.3818;;mayor anantanarayanjena has assured to look into the matter.
;;-0.3182;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, defended the corporation's work and said hybrid toilets were being built on a war footing while the field was now clear to begin work on the waste-to-energy plant at bhuasuni.
;;0.0;;our correspondentbhubaneswar: mayor ananata anantanarayanjena on wednesday distributed personal protective kit to sanitation workers of the civic body.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena speaks at the bhima bhoi samrtya sibir in bhubaneswar on friday.
;;0.0;;we are making attempts to sensitise people on the use of water atms, said mayor anantanarayanjena adding that 100 jal seva sibirs had been set up for people.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena conceded that the market was yet to get operational.
;;0.3818;;mayor anantanarayanjena assured residents that he would personally look into the matter.
;;0.7906;;mayor anantanarayanjena , on the other hand, assured the citizens that the fresh paintings and plantations would be done in a manner that they will serve their purpose.
;;0.3612;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, assured that the projects would be completed on time.
;;0.802;;mayor anantanarayanjena welcomed the move and said the system would benefit the employees in improving the service delivery process.
;;0.4404;;mayor anantanarayanjena felicitated him for his innovative project last saturday.
