;;0.2732;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they did well in the last two swachh survekshan surveys and will continue to keep the momentum this time too.
;;0.0;;we have decided to introduce the service at the airport in line with the plan, said mayor anantanarayanjena , who is also chairman of bptsl.
;;0.9153;;mayor anantanarayanjena asked the chairpersons and the councillors to display team spirit and continue winning the best corporation award from the state government.
;;0.4404;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that their main objective was to improve the civic services for the people.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the corporation would furnish the action-taken report to the rights commission.
;;-0.3749;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that the civic body had informed the development authorities not to allow construction of buildings and apartment blocks in the low-lying areas and localities near the water channel in the city.
;;0.8934;;the sister city link that began in 2012 will go a long way in strengthening collaboration between the two cities, one of which has a rich knowledge and technology-based economy, while another has a golden treasure of ancient art, culture, heritage and unique architecture, said mayor anantanarayanjena , defining bhubaneswar's transformation as a smart city in the recent past.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said work on streetlights was a priority for the civic body and it would shortly be expedited.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they would start acting on the project at the earliest.
;;-0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the local councillor and other officials concerned visited to the area and took stock of the problems.
;;0.2732;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the municipal corporation was committed to the welfare of its citizen.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: we have already announced that the development of the city outskirts will be our focus.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said bmc officials were conducting their duty regularly.
;;0.0772;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that they did comply with the direction of their higher authority and removed sketches and pictures of mahatma gandhi from the toilets.
;;-0.5927;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had decided to streamline the parking system, but operators would not be allowed to misbehave with the commuters.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the officials concerned had been put on the work for generating the utilisation certificates for the scheme.
;;-0.7096;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were aware of the problems and taking steps to control the stray dog menace.
;;0.3182;;mayor anantanarayanjena , who is also the chairperson of the bptsl, said they were making efforts to strengthen the city's public transport system.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said their aim was to maintain cleanliness, and introducing mechanical sweeping would be a milestone step.
;;0.1531;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were making efforts to restore the pond, but it was not yielding any results due to back-to-back rituals at the pond site.
;;-0.0772;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the slum dwellers would be evicted and rehabilitated in the various proposed housing schemes of the state government.
;;-0.5499;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: we are running little late, but the municipal council will meet shortly to discuss various issues and problems for the people.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena told the telegraph: our officials have already started desilting the drains for smooth flow of the channels during the monsoon.
;;-0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they did not receive any waterlogging complaints.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were regularly conducting awareness camps.
;;-0.1531;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the corporation was going to leave no stone unturned this time to get the top slot in the next survey.
;;0.0772;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they, along with the bhubaneswar development authority, were making efforts to develop neighbourhood markets.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the civic body had identified spots for construction of the tracks.
;;-0.6705;;mayor anantanarayanjena said cyclonic winds and thunderstorms had triggered several accidents in the past in which rooftop hoardings had caused damage to public property.
;;-0.5994;;mayor anantanarayanjena , who was present in the meeting, said the civic body would work on a war footing to complete road repairs before dussehra.
;;0.0258;;mayor anantanarayanjena said maintaining cleanliness in industrial areas was a priority for the civic body to prevent outbreak of diseases such as dengue.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: after discussions, senior officials will co-ordinate with ground-level officials and execute the plans.
;;-0.5574;;mayor anantanarayanjena told the telegraph: any kind of construction on a land where the court has asked for maintenance of status quo is illegal.
;;-0.296;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the civic body would not spare anyone under the new solid waste management rules.
;;0.4215;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the municipal corporation had conducted a survey of the beneficiaries and come up with a separate list of pensioners, who had not received their dues for more than a year.
;;-0.4767;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had received the grievance of the residents through the housing and urban development department.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had been distributing leaflets and doing house inspection under the programme.
;;-0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said there might be some problems while calculating the amounts.
;;0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: we have decided to provide ground-level support to cesu to finish their work on time.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the squad will move around the city and evict encroachers from footpaths and roadsides in the first half of the day, while doing rechecks during its return in the second half.
;;0.0258;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the corporation would look into the matter.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: we will decide on the issue at the next council meeting.
;;0.4588;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: the decision has been taken for the benefit of the people.
;;0.34;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the new monitoring system would ill definitely ease the process of monitoring the status of the projects.
;;0.8996;;it would also help in direct and indirect employment generation avenues in and around the city, said mayor anantanarayanjena , adding that bhubaneswar had gained prominence especially after winning the smart city challenge in 2016.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that the mens hockey world cup, 2018, will bring tourism into focus in the city.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the decentralised system of governance helped them and the citizens.
;;0.5267;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the median plantation was one of the important programmes of the civic body that had been taken up to ensure greenery across the city.
;;0.0258;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the plan was expected to connect areas such as old town, where space constraints prevented the rapid bus transit system from being implemented.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the plea to open a destitute ward at the municipal hospital was under consideration.
;;0.7096;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: as the bhubaneswar development authority has already extended its jurisdiction, it was necessary to expand the urban fold to ensure a reciprocate service delivery mechanism in all the growing urban pockets and the proposal to include the 21 gram panchayats and two revenue villages is a step in that direction.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: the order is in keeping with the provisions of the odisha municipal corporation act, 2003, under which mayors and commissioners can pass such orders.
;;0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the new mandaps would help the residents to arrange marriages and social events at a moderate price.
;;-0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said he was aware of the problems plaguing the surroundings of the temple and was doing the needful to address them.
;;0.2732;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they plan to source the money for execution of the projects from various central schemes including amrut as well as from the state government and private investors.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had identified places where the drains were encroached upon by vendors.
;;0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: smart city and modern urbanisation are the future.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they earmarked five acres at jamukoli in khurda and had already started constructing the boundary wall.
;;-0.1779;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had started registering private operators of cesspool emptier vehicles.
;;0.1779;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that the move would inculcate a spirit of competition among the cities to maintain cleanliness.
;;0.0258;;mayor anantanarayanjena said he would discuss the local residents' grievances with the officials concerned and take measures to resolve those.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that foundation stone of two parks at sailashri vihar and kanan vihar would be laid tomorrow.
;;-0.34;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the civic body had directed all market associations to install fire-fighting mechanisms, including fire hoses and extinguishers.
;;-0.4404;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the primary objective of the livelihood mission was to address three issues - occupational vulnerability, residential vulnerability and social vulnerability.
;;0.6908;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were hoping to better the performance in the future.
;;-0.2263;;mayor anantanarayanjena told the telegraph that as the villagers of daruthenga had demanded, the dumpyard would be shifted to tulsadeipur.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they would shortly introduce the online registration system for the operators.
;;0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said janpath would see all-round development in the smart city project.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were shortly going to revamp the city bus services and renovate the halts.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were not going to spare the holding tax defaulters this time.
;;0.4404;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that they would make efforts to improve bhubaneswar's ranking in the survey this time.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: for the parks, the open spaces have already been chosen, along with the executor.
;;0.2263;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the wards will get the grants according to their infrastructure needs.
;;0.5423;;mayor anantanarayanjena said promotion of non-motorised transport was one of the important agendas of the smart city proposal.
;;0.4404;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the modern water dispensing units would provide safe drinking water to the public.
;;0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the construction of the four-lane roads was part of the smart city's railway station multi-modal hub project.
;;-0.2732;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the low height of these light posts had facilitated the theft.
;;0.2023;;mayor anantanarayanjena said though the jan sampark diwas plan was dropped, they still had a strong mechanism to receive grievances from the citizens.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the pelican system was there in very few indian cities.
;;0.4767;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, said the collection would be improved after the total was calculated.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: the organisers have not taken permission from the civic body while putting up hoardings and banners.
;;-0.4588;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: eviction has not been possible since the last durga puja because of the model code of conduct for the bhubaneswar and cuttack civic polls.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the new signals were on trial.
;;0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that while taking up the terminal's renovation, they would follow the same procedure in which they were executing the smart city projects.
;;0.3182;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the civic body was already facing a huge shortfall of funds for its development projects.
;;0.7096;;mayor anantanarayanjena , who was supervising the relief work at the complex, said the apartment would be provided clean water and the bore well treated with chemicals and bleaching powder.
;;-0.165;;mayor anantanarayanjena said he was happy with the revenue collection, but not satisfied.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that during a review meeting on pending projects last month, they had decided to give priority to multi-crore projects.
;;0.5267;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had already carved out a city sanitation plan and were working rigorously towards ensuring cleanliness with the help of various voluntary organisations and individuals.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said a joint team of officials from the corporation, the general administration department and the roads and building department, among others, had earmarked several spaces in the city for the development of parking lots.
;;0.1779;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the upcoming multimedia campaign would be taken up in full spirit.
;;0.5859;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the civic body was committed to providing quality services to the citizens in the smart city.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had already received the login ids and passwords for officials along with the link to the portal.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said a co-ordination meeting would be held with officials of the works department and other allied agencies to come up with the road design with specific focus on having proper on-street parking facility.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the move to organise and relocate the street vendors would give a new look to the city.
;;0.3612;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the centre had notified the rules and asked the state to prepare the byelaws, which was ready now.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had received the government direction and would conduct the door-to-door campaign to get citizens' inputs on the new sanitation plan.
;;-0.5267;;mayor anantanarayanjena told this newspaper that the machines had been lying defunct because they did not have the required electricity connection.
;;0.3612;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, said final decision to fix the ward grant at rs 40 lakh was yet to be taken.
;;0.6391;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: the beneficiary-led component can be implemented without much difficulty, but there is a need to sensitise the beneficiaries.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the zonal commissioner would be intimated and steps taken to remove the encroachments to facilitate passenger movement.
;;-0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were aware of the problems and taking steps to complete the projects on time.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: we will form a committee with members, including city engineer, executive engineer of drainage division and members from cesu.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they would install the water vending machine in front of the university by november end.
;;-0.4215;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they would shortly implement the plastic waste management rules in the city.
;;-0.4215;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had already identified the city's bulk waste generators and asked them to set up such plants.
;;-0.2732;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that the sanitation strategy would be implemented in a rigorous manner.
;;0.6486;;we have requested the police for deployment of forces to ensure smooth conduct of the drive, said mayor anantanarayanjena , adding that the focus area would remain the smart district along janpath.
;;0.0258;;mayor anantanarayanjena told the telegraph that tomorrow's meeting would discuss all aspects of the matter.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: we have more than 20,000 led lights installed in various streets across the city.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that they would hold a discussion with officials to organise awareness campaigns for the water atm service.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said their enforcement squad visited the place during interval and removed the vendors.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that the new parks would give people a unique experience.
;;0.7184;;mayor ananata anantanarayanjena said: we are happy with the collection status and will take further steps to strengthen collection of holding and other tax in the coming years.
;;-0.4588;;what the mayor says: mayor anantanarayanjena said they had directed their sanitary agencies to take care of waste bins lying in the middle of the roads.
;;-0.3818;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had deputed the officials to identify a suitable site to dump the sludge.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had received the direction from the state government to identify places for putting up the exhibition.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the sampark website would bridge the gap between citizens and the civic authorities.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, said they had intensified the cleanliness activities across the city.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, said they were yet to get any such direction from the court.
;;0.3182;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had taken efforts to include aiims in their area in the past to extend better civic services to the people, but there was specific administrative procedure to do the same.
;;0.0772;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that drainage division was functioning smoothly and had taken on a number of drain-related projects across the city.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the construction of toilets would be completed soon.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: we have set a target of rs 137.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said manpower constraint was the chief reason behind starting the auction.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the centre would initially function temporarily from the bscl's office in saheed nagar and later shifted permanently with more features to the new office at satya nagar.
;;0.0;;it will be put in place very soon, said mayor anantanarayanjena , who is also the chairman of the bptsl.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena told the telegraph: during the assessment of a hotel building near kalinga hospital square, we have found that a tax collector was wrongly assessing the holding tax.
;;0.1027;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they had already cleared about 54 sites and handed it over to sulabh for construction.
;;-0.25;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the problems would be resolved at the earliest.
;;0.4922;;mayor anantanarayanjena said there were certain glitches in the tender agreement, for which the project could not attract investors in the past.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said before the advent of amrut in 2015-16, they had been providing the online services to the citizens.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that they were coming up with a new parking policy for the city under which such haphazard on-street parking of vehicles will not be allowed in any part of the city.
;;0.4201;;mayor anantanarayanjena said he would give more importance on tax collection, particularly holding tax collection.
;;0.2732;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were committed to serve the needs of citizens of all ages.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena , however, said there were plans to come up with guidelines, to which the entity would have to abide by.
;;0.2732;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that capacity building and a networking between the officials was necessary to get the desired results.
;;-0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they were aware of the problems.
;;0.3818;;mayor anantanarayanjena said they planned to develop kalinga vihar as an extension of bhubaneswar, and there were a number of plans to increase the infrastructure in the future.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena announced the procurement and said the machines would be put in the job at major roads of the city.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the union ministry had notified the rules and asked the civic body to frame by-laws under it.
;;-0.296;;mayor anantanarayanjena said: the areas at the old ward no.
;;0.0;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the guideline was framed and circulated among officials.
;;0.4019;;mayor anantanarayanjena said that ward officers would monitor the activities of the private contractors engaged to remove garbage.
;;-0.4019;;authority speaksmayor anantanarayanjena said that the crisis happened as sanitation employees of jagruti had raised certain demands.
;;0.7096;;mayor anantanarayanjena said he had made it clear to his officials that the october 2 deadline was final to get the open-defecation free status.
;;0.7184;;mayor anantanarayanjena said the signage would help people find important city spots with ease.
