construction waste dumped on a footpath in front of kharavela police station in bhubaneswaron wednesday.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 11: unattended construction and demolition waste on roads could shortly be a thing of the past as the state government is planning to enforce guidelines notified by the centre that prohibit dumping of waste.
the union ministry had in march issued guidelines and asked civic authorities and pollution control boards of the states to frame bylaws under the construction and demolition waste management rules, 2016.
according to the mandate, the bylaws should come into force within a year.
on march 18, the centre had notified the new plastic waste management rules, 2016, to manage the country's massive burden of plastic waste.
we will hold a meeting to decide on framing the bylaws and enforce it immediately, said bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jena.
the new rules bar people from dumping waste on the side of the road and ask for mandatory recycling.
the rules also make it must for local authorities to utilise 10 to 20 per cent of construction and demolition waste generated while executing municipal and government projects in making kerb stones, drain covers and paving blocks in pedestrian areas.
the rule also stated that the waste generators, irrespective of whether private or government, would remain responsible for collection and segregation of the waste.
the civic body will have to ensure proper dumping and recycling of the waste in designated dumping yard.
according to the rules, largescale generators of waste (producing above 20 tonnes of waste per day, or 300 tonnes per project) will also have to pay charges for collection, transportation, processing and disposal, as notified by the authorities concerned.
moreover, largescale generators, who generate more than 20 tonnes of waste in a day, will have to segregate the waste into four streams such as concrete, soil, steel, wood and plastics, bricks and mortar.
they will also have to submit a plan and get appropriate approvals from the local authority before starting construction or demolition or remodelling work.
the generators should keep the waste in designated collection centres and pay the civic body for its management.
according to environmentalists, in the era of rapid urbanisation, the capital city generates huge amount of construction and demolition waste that causes pollution.
the waste generated out of construction projects triggers air pollution and invites a number of respiratory diseases.
proper management of such waste is necessary to ensure a clean city.
the city is undertaking a lot of such development work, but proper management of the waste is equally important, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
the telegraph had on april 23 reported about the poor quality of air here.
the reason according to state pollution control board experts is largescale construction and demolition works in the city.
environmental scientist d.k. behera said that construction activities were the main reason for air pollution in the city.
moreover, irregular dumping of such waste and other construction materials on the roadside and at public places also make life difficult for the residents.
the footpaths in the city are home to construction waste.
this has made walking difficult for us, said bhanupriya mishra, a student of rama devi women's university.
our correspondentclean drive: garbage dumped in front of capital hospital in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has started a cleanliness competition among the city hospitals.
the initiative has been taken following a directive from the union ministry of urban development that asked the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to rank hospitals and nursing homes in the city based on their adherence to the various parameters of cleanliness .
accordingly, the civic body has issued a notice asking all government and private hospitals to send their nominations for the test through online mode.
the formats are being uploaded on the civic body's official website.
the civic body will award the hospital that is adjudged the best in adherence to cleanliness norms.
hospitals can send in their entries by november 20.
after receiving the entries, a special squad of the corporation will visit health care institutions to review the cleanliness aspects.
the participating hospitals will not only be assessed for solid waste management on their premises, but also for the handling of bio-medical waste.
last year, the union government had amended both the biomedical and solid waste management rules.
the primary aim of the competition is to encourage the hospitals to maintain cleanliness on their premises.
the best hospital will be awarded and will set an example of model hospital in the city.
we will encourage other hospitals to follow the best practice, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
under the swachh surveskhyan that begins from january, the civic body will not only rank the hospitals and nursing homes on the cleanliness parameters but also various commercial places, residential areas and toilets across the city.
it is a welcome initiative.
i hope all the hospitals take part in the competition.
the government hospitals will likely to play a vital part here since they will compete with private hospitals, said indira hota, a resident of unit-vi.
our correspondentdirty picture: garbage dumped beside a road in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the union urban development ministry has asked the civic body to merge its my city my pride mobile application with the centre's swachhata app for a closer look on the city's sanitation activities.
once the merger is completed, residents will be able to air their grievances regarding civic issues - sanitation, road conditions, defunct streetlights - using the application.
however, now the redress system will be monitored by the centre itself.
the plan is to have a close eye on the civic body's efficiency in resolving citizen grievances.
this will also help the ministry and its partners to judge the civic body's performance in the forthcoming swachh survekshan survey.
if the civic body fails to merge the apps, they stand to lose marks in the survey.
we received the centre's direction and forwarded it to the civic body and asked them to comply.
the centre will assist it in the integration.
the developer of the local app will coordinate with the ministry, said a housing and urban development department official.
we already receive complaints through our local app and efficiently resolve them.
we will continue to do the same and serve the people, said the mayor.
in 2015, the civic body introduced the application to instantly receive complaints from citizens.
in 2016, they launched a website by the same name.
the swachhata app was also introduced by the centre in 2014 to serve a similar purpose.
our correspondenta city bus information counter near the railway stattion at master canteen square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, oct.
13: booking a city bus ticket from the international airport here will become a lot easier if the housing and urban development department's plan to set up a booking-cum-information counter for the service bears fruit.
housing and urban development department principal secretary g. mathi vathanan yesterday wrote to the airport authorities to provide a space inside the terminal complex to set up the counter.
in a letter to airport director subash chandra hota, vathanan requested a 5sqm space to open the counter.
at present, city bus services are not available on the stretch that connects the city with the biju patnaik international airport.
taking advantage of this, private cab operators and auto-rickshaw drivers have monopolised their business.
we have to pay at least rs 200 to reach to even a nearby destination from the airport to avail the bus service, said unit-vi resident bikash meheta, a frequent flyer.
an airport official said they had received the government request and would allot a suitable space inside the complex for the booking counter.
we will meet our officials and find a suitable space, said the official.
sources said the government was planning to roll down two city buses to and from the airport to overcome the passengers' problem.
the buses will run between the railway station and baramunda bus terminal from the airport.
besides, the civic body has also got land near terminal 2 to develop a bus shelter.
the bhubaneswar-puri transport services limited (bptsl) will introduce the service for citizens.
we have come up with a city bus modernisation plan where we will introduce new buses and routes, develop the terminal and bus stop.
it is a good move to introduce the service at the airport.
it will help a lot of people reach destinations across the city on the cheap, said unit-iv resident minakshi hota.
the airport recently opened a pre-booking counter for taxi aggregators.
a garbage carrier in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, april 12: the state government has asked the local civic body to drop its ambitious plan of online monitoring of garbage-carrying vehicles citing less usage.
in 2015, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) had decided to hire a consultant to design a system for tracking routes and activities of the garbage-carrying vehicles.
it finally implemented the scheme on a pilot basis by installing global positioning system (gps) devices on 60 such vehicles in january.
however, the housing and urban development department recently issued an order to the civic body asking them to stop the projects, since it felt that the project was sheer wastage of funds.
in its order, the department stated that since most urban local bodies had outsourced solid waste management to various private agencies, the civic body's vehicles were not being used any longer.
therefore, tracking of the bmc's garbage-carrying vehicles made no sense to the government.
the decision of not having the tracking system for waste-carrying vehicles will be implemented in all urban local bodies of the state.
installing such equipment on civic body's vehicles will be a waste of funds and time since private agencies are hired to take care of solid waste management in urban areas.
there are provisions to penalise the agencies for dereliction of duty, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, however, is yet to receive any such order.
we will stop the service once we get the official communication, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
a beautified stretch near regional museum of natural history in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, june 11:with an array of ministers and mlas on their side, councillors of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation called for a collective effort to boost the tax base and demanded rs 350 crore in a year as octroi tax compensation at the inaugural meeting of the council today.
streamlining of the holding tax collection and gradual shift to property tax, request to the bhubaneswar development authority (bda) to include individual apartments as new holdings, polythene ban, beautification and creation of a bmc corpus fund from the profit generated from a housing project also dominated the discussions.
housing and urban development minister pushpendra singh deo assured that the state government would consider the revision in the octroi tax compensation and enactment of the property tax, which is still pending with the assembly.
deo, however, asked the civic body to ensure drainage desiltation and repair work before the monsoon rains hit the city.
tourism minister ashok chandra panda assured that as the corporation will constitute its 10th standing committee on beautification, his department will provide funds to beautify specific sites in the city with potential to attract tourists.
the annual octroi compensation granted by the state government is nearly rs 60 crore.
from this year, we are going to get rs 85 crore.
but, we are demanding that bmc must get rs 350 crore.
as business-wise, the state exchequer is getting benefits of over rs 1,200 crore after abolition of octroi tax, the bmc should get the most as it is having the highest business transactions in the state, said bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jena.
commissioner krishan kumar said that the council had passed a proposal to engage a consultant which would ensure inclusion of all the holdings (houses) under the tax net.
there are about 1.
2 lakh houses within the corporations limits.
but, only 80,000 houses actually pay holding tax.
the consultant will be given a target to include all the houses into holding tax net till the government decides on the property tax issue.
as we are getting around rs 20-22 crore a year from holding tax, the use of a consultant would definitely make our collection rs 40 core, kumar said.
councillor amaresh jena said the council today decided to write to the development authority so that when the bda would issue the occupancy certificate to an apartment, a copy would come to the bmc as well.
this will ensure that every new building is included as a new holding.
the council also decided to ensure the polythene ban is ensured in the city.
we will tag the polythene ban with the trade licence.
so, if a trader will violate the ban in future, his/her licence will be cancelled immediately, said a senior bmc official.
bhubaneswar-central mla bijay kumar mohanty and bhubaneswar-north mla priyadarshi mishra also attended the council meeting.
bhubaneswar, june 3: various projects are expected to be on fast track, as corporation councillors today elected chairpersons and members of nine standing committees.
after the civic polls and the general election, the bhubaneswar municipal corporations functioning almost came to a halt with absence of council and standing committees due to enforcement of the model code of conduct.
the committees include taxation, finance and accounts, public health, public works, planning and development, recreation and culture, licence and appeals, establishment, grievance and social justice and contracts.
grievance committee chairperson chhabi das told the telegraph: the grievance redress system will be given priority as it reflects the efficiency of our administration and the service delivery mechanism.
empanelled artists of the civic body have begun beautifying the state capital with fresh wall paintings in various areas from thursday.
the drive is being undertaken with an eye on the upcoming hockey world cup being hosted here.
the drive started with painting of various walls in the vicinity of kalinga stadium as well as on bidyut marg between governor house square and jayadev vihar square.
the plan is to complete painting of the walls on a 40-kilometre stretch of the city roads by mid-november.
we have submitted the plan to paint various characters on the walls which will not be similar to the previous wall painting drives in the city.
we are going to paint figures of animals  such as tigers and olive ridley turtles that are closely associated with the wildlife of the state, said an artist involved in the job on bidyut marg.
in september, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation empanelled 15 groups and individual artists to take up wall painting as part of city beautification drive for the mens hockey world cup.
prominent among the artists were those from odisha modern art gallery, krutika, kanak arts, bakul foundation and sutra advertising.
this is the first time that we have empanelled many individuals and groups of artists for the beautification drive.
each of them have submitted their plan of painting that was approved by the tourism as well as our officials.
the work started on thursday and will be completed soon, said a senior civic official.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation took up a similar drive during the conduct of asian athletics championship last year when several walls of the city were painted with graffiti and portraits of eminent sports persons.
city junctions and flyovers were also painted with urban dynamics of the state capital.
sources said that the artists this time has submitted their wall painting plans focusing on individual themes such as wildlife, urban as well as rural life and culture, hockey, smart city components and monuments and heritage treasures of the state capital as well as the state at large.
we have decided to go one step ahead from what has been done in the previous drives for wall painting in the city.
our initiative has been lauded at various platforms throughout the country and we want to continue this job.
this fresh drive will cover all the walls of the city, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
rasulgarh resident sanjay pati said that the new painting work was good as it would provide a better look to the city.
but, he opined that the civic body should make efforts to maintain the paintings as well.
i remember the first such drive that was very good and looks vintage.
but nmost of the paintings are damaged now, said pati, a schoolteacher.
ngos to help civic body run public toilets, look after destitutes and run awareness campaigns picture by ashwinee patithe civic body has empanelled 66 ngos to render various civic services to the city residents.
the process to select the ngos, which had started in august, got completed last week, following which the bhubaneswar municipal corporation published the names of the organisations on its official website and other platforms to bring it to the notice of the public.
according to the plan, the empanelled organisations will help the civic body in rendering various civic services  such as generating awareness on solid and liquid waste management, ill effects of open defecation and importance of plantation.
the agencies will help us in operation and maintenance of community toilets, natural disaster management, care of the destitute and elderly, and social mobilisation on various issues, including the swachh bharat mission campaign, said a civic official.
plans are also there to take help of the ngos in waste segregation and plastic waste management.
we need mass participation if we want to attain the objectives of the swachh bharat mission and various other initiatives of the government, he said.
the ngos will help us improve the service, he said.
sandeep mishrasystem change: the bhubaneswar municipal corporation headquarters.
telegraph picturebhubaneswar: the civic body will decentralise the grievance redress system for various citizen welfare schemes.
it will form clusters of five wards and receive complaints and suggestions via community meetings.
the matter came up for discussion at a high-level meeting of civic officials last week where local councillors suggested the measures.
the councillors felt the system needed a complete overhaul after various irregularities were noticed in citizen welfare schemes recently, especially in the madhu babu pension yojna.
it is important to reach the bottom and get complaints and suggestions from various sections of people.
after all, they are the beneficiaries and also the ones who are affected.
they are the perfect pillars to ensure extension of the services under these schemes, said a councillor.
according to plans, the clusters would use fortnightly community-level meetings to reach the people.
beneficiaries would be intimated about the venue and timings of the meetings, where they will be able to lodge their complaints and suggest measures to strengthen the system.
we already have a cell dealing with complaints and suggestions that operates on mondays.
however, it is not enough to deal with a large number of people.
moreover, not many have the time to come to our offices to file their complaints.
so, we have decided to go to them.
we hope that the cluster system will benefit all, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body was criticised recently for irregularities in the madhu babu pension yojna where beneficiaries, even after their death, were getting monthly pensions.
we found a number of ghost beneficiaries in the pension scheme.
it happened because of the absence of periodic inspections, said an official of the civic body.
dumduma resident bharat mohanty, a pensioner, said the administration woke up only after irregularities come to light.
although i was not affected by the recent irregularity, it is irresponsible of the civic body not to have a proper mechanism for such programmes.
i hope the linking of aadhaar and easing out the grievance redress system will prove beneficial, he said.
(top) the polluted water of the bindu sagar and garbage strewn around its banks in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, oct.
14: the odisha human rights commission has slapped a showcause notice on the municipal corporation and asked it to furnish an action-taken report on the cleanliness parameters of the historic bindu sagar lake in old town.
the commission's notice came after a lawyer, radhakant tripathy, filed a petition about environmental pollution at bindu sagar.
in his petition, tripathy said the odisha construction corporation limited had cleared duckweed that had infested the pond.
however, barely a year after the clean-up exercise, the lake is facing the same problem again.
we have done a lot to rejuvenate bindu sagar.
however, because of frequent rituals at nearby temples by local residents, it becomes difficult to maintain the lake.
we will furnish the report to the rights commission and also develop a rigorous plan to keep it clean, said a senior official of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc).
the 1,300ft long and 700ft wide lake is often used to conduct rituals of the lingaraj temple.
residents also perform shraddha at the lake.
the lake has high historic value.
if the civic body is unable to clean it, they should outsource the work to some firm with the expertise to do it, said old town resident gopabandhu tripathy.
the telegraph had, in january 2016, reported about the state of the lake.
the civic body had spent rs 20 crore in five years to revive it.
it had sanctioned another rs 25 lakh for its cleaning and renovation in january and invited tenders for the purpose.
however, there have been no developments yet on that front.
we have selected a gurgaon-based firm to prepare the detailed project report for the lake's rejuvenation, but we are yet to get a report from them.
we recently asked them to expedite the process, the official said.
we are taking a number of steps for bindu sagar's rejuvenation.
it is a huge lake and needs a robust plan.
we will ask the firm to begin the work shortly, he said.
the municipal corporation is finalising the modalities to float municipal bonds and raise at least rs 500 crore from the capital market for execution of various smart city and other infrastructure projects here.
the plan was discussed at the monthly council meeting of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) last month.
at the meeting, members were sensitised about the way to raise funds from the market through bonds and utilise it for execution of infrastructure projects.
it will work more like a share market system, sources said.
municipal bonds are debt obligations issued by the city authority to raise funds from the investors.
in simple words, when a person purchases a municipal bond, they are actually lending money to the local government and in return, they will get the money returned with interest.
municipal bond is one of the measures suggested in the smart city mission guideline.
it is suggested since the smart city projects would require huge funds that cant be borne alone by the governments.
the funds raised through municipal bonds will help us execute the projects on time, said a senior smart city official.
he said that they had hired a delhi-based firm as transaction advisor, who would help suggest ways to float the bonds and raise funds simultaneously.
the firm will prepare the detailed project report, which will then be submitted to the government for approval, the official said.
the officials have also selected four projects where the funds raised from the municipal bonds will be utilised.
the projects are development of two more multi-level car parking facilities at identified sites and construction and development of unit-i and unit-iv daily markets.
unit-ii daily market construction site picture by ashwinee patithe union ministry has allowed us to float the first 10 bonds, while the rest will be done after approval of the housing and urban development department.
the delhi-based firm will take care of the project modalities and help us get the funds on time, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the ministry of housing and urban affairs in february last year gave a credit rating to the city, which is needed for floating the bond.
the civic bodys credit rating of bbb is considered to have moderate degree of safety regarding timely servicing of financial obligations.
the state capital was one among the 44 other cities to get the credit ratings from the union ministry.
rourkela is the other city to get the ratings.
rourkela got bb plus, which is considered to be moderately risky regarding timely servicing of financial obligations.
the city proposed to invest rs 4,537 crore under the smart city project and rs 461 crore under amrut over the next five years.
the centre will provide rs 600 crore for the smart city and around rs 230 crores under amrut.
the rest of the cost will be borne by the state government either with own funds or through bonds.
the civic body has started the process to declare the entire city open-defecation free and submitted relevant documents in this regard to the union ministry of housing and urban affairs for final certification under the swachh bharat mission.
the civic body, through the data submitted to the ministry on monday, claimed that it has built a large number of toilets in different categories, hired ward sanitation committees for safe operation and maintenance of the facilities, constructed a large number of household toilets and is presently undertaking the construction of 5000 more household toilets.
we have constructed community toilets of 164 seats under project samman.
we have also repaired existing 676 community toilet seats, which are now functional in various parts of the city.
we are also slapping fines on those found defecating in the open, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides community toilets, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has also constructed public toilets with 154 seats under project samman and renovated existing 364 numbers of public toilet seats in different parts of the city.
the scenario has completely changed over the past one and a half years, said the mayor.
moreover, the corporation, which has started the hybrid toilet project that served to the purpose of both public and community use, has made 320 toilets seats functional in various parts of the city.
the hybrid toilets are coming in dual use and it is a great concept, said damana resident jayanta majhi.
though the corporation had a tough time stopping people from defecating in the open and missed as many as four deadlines to declare the city free from such unhealthy practice, it has made significant progress in issuing the work orders for construction of individual household latrines.
sources in the civic body said that they had issued 20,218 work orders for construction of individual household latrines of which 12,435 beneficiaries have already constructed the toilets at their home.
it is the vision of the state government and our efforts that is yielding results, said bmc deputy commissioner srimanta mishra.
mishra said that they had decided to come up with a preliminary resolution declaring the city as open defecation free in the next corporation meeting.
the ministry will verify our claims followed which a suitable announcement notifying the people will be made very soon, said the deputy commissioner.
sandeep mishrabuses parked at the existing terminal at baramunda in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: it took the development authority one month after submission of design to float tender for selection of an executing agency for the ambitious inter-state bus terminal (isbt) project at baramunda here.
bhubaneswar development authority (bda) officials have also come up with a roadmap with a set of activities to facilitate smooth execution of the project.
according to the decision, we have floated the tender for the project and plan to complete it before june.
the work will begin simultaneously, said an official of the development authority.
as part of the roadmap, the authorities will first take steps to ease traffic flow during project execution for which temporary bus parking lot will be created on the foothills of khandagiri.
night coaches and intercity buses will be parked here.
the authorities have also decided on the ways to source fund for the rs 183-crore project.
while the housing and urban development department will bear 40 per cent of the project cost, the development authority will take the remaining amount as bank loan.
the project will be built on 17 acres of land, of which 15 acres are already available while the development authority.
the garage of the odisha state road transport corporation adjacent to the bus terminus will be demolished and the rest two acres acquired.
the general administration department will allot the land to the bhubaneswar development authority.
the development authority has made it mandatory in its tender document that the isbt structures will incorporate designs from odisha textiles and the city's temple architecture.
it has been made mandatory to retain our ancient architectural style, the official said.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will also remain one of the important stakeholders in the project.
the civic authorities will help the development authority in taking up the demolition and eviction drives for the project.
they will also take care of the temporary bus parking at khandagiri.
we are prepared to help the agencies execute their work with ease.
the baramunda bus terminal is one of the ambitious projects of the city and it will benefit many, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we will make every effort to ensure that the work starts shortly and is completed before deadline, he said.
jatni resident niranjan mohanty, a passenger at baramunda, said it was necessary to develop the bus stand into a world-class facility.
the infrastructure of baramunda is not up to the mark for a smart city like bhubaneswar.
the authorities must do something to improve the bus terminal and retain the image of the city, said mohanty.
sandeep mishratime to move: encroachment on pavement between fire station square and delta squarebhubaneswar: vendors, who had encroached on streets and roadside drains in various parts of the city, have started removing their makeshift business set-ups themselves.
the situation has arisen a day after the bhubaneswar development authority and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation conducted back-to-back eviction drives along the roads and drains in the city on thursday.
we issued notices to several vendors, who had encroached upon streets and drains in various parts of the city.
they were asked to remove their makeshift set-ups by themselves or face action.
those, who did not pay heed to our advice, faced action on thursday, said an official of the enforcement team.
on thursday, the squad conducted two eviction drives at nayapalli and patia.
in the process, the team had removed 26 temporary shops and 128 bamboo-made kiosks at nayapalli and one temporary fencing and boundary wall made over a drain at patia.
the requisition was made by respective zonal commissioners, following which we went to the spot for conducting the eviction drives.
as we were well aware of the opposition from the vendors, we took adequate police force at nayapalli, while the eviction drive went smoothly at patia, said development authority's liaison officer s.s. mohanty.
an eviction drive in progress between stewart school and delta square in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patithe vendors, who had erected their shops between delta square and stewart school square, removed the makeshift set-ups.
we don't want them to demolish our set-ups.
we will go elsewhere and do our business, said a fruit seller on the stretch.
similar approach was taken by vendors at siripur, khandagiri, jagamara and few other places, where the vendors voluntarily removed their makeshift set-ups.
there is no need to encroach upon roads and drains if the administration provides us place to do business, said another vendor at siripur.
the telegraph had in the past reported about the authorities' inability to evict the squatters along the streets, who posed a threat to commuters.
more so, the drains were also getting choked as the civic authorities could not clean them properly because of the squatters.
the state government has formed the central eviction monitoring committee as well as a joint squad to conduct rigorous enforcement drives.
we have been evicting the vendors regularly, but they are reappearing again and again.
this time, we decided to be strict.
we will also identify the vendors, who are eligible for rehabilitation and provide them spaces in our vending zones, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondenta hybrid toilet at shriya square in bhubaneswar on sunday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has issued strict directive to the civic body and its executing partner to complete all hybrid toilets by the end of this month with the deadline for achieving open defecation-free nearing.
the department directed the civic body not to undertake any fresh construction and shift focus on completing the ones which are already underway.
sources said work on about 24 such toilets have been completed while another 23 are at the halfway stage.
once completed, bhubaneswar will get about 47 hybrid toilets by the end of the month.
we have decided to construct more than 150 hybrid toilets by the end of 2019.
the first phase of construction is nearing completion while another 100 such toilets will come up in the next 18 months.
we have asked our partner ask for help if needed, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body had entered into an agreement with sulabh international for construction of hybrid toilets last year.
these toilets serve dual purpose of being both community and public facilities.
general public as well as slum dwellers can use these facilities simultaneously.
besides, the housing and urban development department has set a deadline of april 1 to declare the city open defecation free.
open defecation or urination was rampant earlier, but the situation has changed now.
we have 100 functional toilets acorss the city now.
we are also constructing individual latrines, said a civic official.
the civic body had set a target to make 25 slums along the janpath free from open defecation in the first phase of its mission to declare the city open defecation free.
so far, it has managed to success in 17 of those.
we have provided the facility to them.
now, we are encouraging them to use it and we are hopeful of achieving the milestone before the set deadline, said the official.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: authorities have decided to improve bus shelters in the city, cuttack and puri districts.
the bus shelters, which otherwise remain in a dilapidated and under-utilised condition, will be improvised with quality infrastructure as part of the state government's city bus modernisation plan.
the authorities have chosen 100 small and another 100 bigger bus shelters for improvement.
we have formed the capital region urban transport and decided to expand the city bus network to cuttack, puri and konark.
an inter-state bus terminal project is under way at baramunda, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the authorities have floated a tender to hire an agency to execute the project and also come up with the conceptual design for the bus shelters, which will be made of steel replacing the iron frames.
there will be a city map near each of the shelter providing information about the bus routes.
besides, a digital display board will also be placed to provide information about bus timings and their status.
two coloured bins will be put to maintain the cleanliness.
besides, the authorities will keep a cycle stand near the shelters in view of the upcoming public bicycle-sharing programme.
officials said the tender process would get over by june, and the project execution would begin simultaneously.
our correspondenttransparent process: a housing complex at chandrasekharpur in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the government has made building plan approvals easier by adding the service under the odisha right to public service act, 2012.
the housing and urban development department notification comes as a relief for people applying to get their building plans approved.
the inclusion of the service in the public service act will ensure that respective development authorities and urban local bodies dealing with such applications get a fixed timeline to approve or reject it, with violations penalised under the act.
according to the odisha development authority common application form rules, 2016, approval or rejection of plan for low-risk buildings will have to be provided within a fortnight, while the timeline for high-risk buildings is a month.
we have a fixed timeline for marriage, birth or death certificates.
the building plan application will be similar since it has been brought under the public service act, said a civic official.
we have issued the rules for the common application form in the gazette notification and it has been under the right to public service act purview since october 27.
with the inclusion of the service, applicants can challenge delays under the rti act.
we hope that this will make the service more transparent, said a housing and urban development department official.
earlier, the government introduced online plan approval, which is now mandatory for capital residents.
it will be rolled out across odisha by mid-december.
before the online system and the inclusion of the service under the public service act, people had to wait almost four to six months to get their plans approved.
we had to apply to the development authority, then wait for it to be forwarded to other agencies such as electricity and water.
then we had to wait for their no-objection certificates.
getting a building plan approved was tough, said real estate developer sangram nayak.
at present, the civic body deals with applications for low-risk buildings (below 5,000sqft built up area) and the development authority deals with applications for high-risk buildings.
we are happy to extend the service if and hope that people will benefit out from it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the government is planning to introduce a 24x7 toll-free helpline for visitors to the city.
the helpline will try to provide visitors information about a range of topics, right from tourist attractions to emergency services.
the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl), the agency executing various smart city projects in the state capital, will implement the scheme.
the helpline will be made operational by the end of july.
the decision of introducing such a helpline was taken keeping in view the upcoming men's hockey world cup that will be held here in november when the city is expecting a major tourist footfall.
since many of the tourists will be visiting the city for the first time, a helpline will a boon for them, said a source in the bscl.
we held a meeting to discuss how to improve various civic services during the men's hockey world cup.
the idea of introducing the helpline cropped up in the meeting and the chief secretary instantly gave his nod.
our officials will now work on the modalities, said a bscl official.
a wide-range of information including tourist attractions, upcoming and ongoing events and emergency services, among others, will be provided to the callers through the helpline.
the city administration has already introduced the bhubaneswarone portal to guide visitors to various destinations of the state capital and the bhubaneswar.
me portal to provide a wide range of information to visitors related to tourist attractions, food, hotels and bazaars and other related things.
both the websites are introduced to facilitate the tourists.
but still we planned to make life simpler for the tourists by coming up with the helpline.
we are working in close collaboration with the smart city officials and introduce the helpline number by the set deadline, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
workshopas part of capacity building programme for city planners and government officials on child-friendly interventions, experts from bernard van leer foundation (bvlf), in collaboration with the bhubaneswar development authority (bda), organised a workshop titled urban-95 on early childhood development and urban planning at the development authority's conference hall on tuesday.
civic administrators, town planners, architects and child development and protection officers from the twin cities took part in the event.
a queue for senior citizens at the booking counter of bhubaneswar railway station.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, oct.
12: the municipal corporation is considering setting up elders-friendly facilities in the smart city.
top officials of the civic body recently had a brief deliberation with the federation of senior citizens' association of odisha wherein senior members gave voice to what facilities the senior citizen wants in the state capital.
according to the inputs, the federation has asked for special reservation for senior citizens in city buses as well as a fare concession of up to 50 per cent.
we often face difficulties while travelling by public transport such as city buses.
the railways have reservation and fare concession, so should the city buses, said federation president krupasindhu sahu.
one of the major demands put forth by the federation and backed by the corporation officials is the provision of separate queues at healthcare institutions and the railway station.
at present, none of the healthcare facilities - whether private or government - have such facilities for senior citizens, which is an obvious gap in the system.
a senior civic body official said they would hold a meeting with the health and family welfare department and other stakeholders and consider the demand of introducing separate queues for senior citizens at public facilities.
it is indeed a genuine demand of the senior people to have separate queues for them, said the official.
after the submission of the smart city proposal last year, the civic body official took inputs from the senior citizens and decided to introduce special facilities for them.
one important aspect in the proposal was better signage and transport facilities including the pelican lighting system for the senior citizens.
we called the senior citizens once again for their inputs on various problems faced by them in the city.
we will take the demands into consideration and make efforts to introduce separate queues, reservation and concession of fares in city buses, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
another demand put forth by the federation is construction of a state-of-the-art old age home in the city.
the state government has already decided to have one old age home each in every district.
as such, bhubaneswar being the capital city of the state should go one step ahead and construct a special home for senior citizens, which could be a model for others, said laxminarayan bohidar, a senior citizen.
among others issues, the federation asked for establishment of a geriatric ward at the municipal hospital, waiving of parking fees, free ambulance service and issuance of a special identity card for the senior citizens.
the federation mentioned that many of the southern states, including andhra pradesh and telangana, have such facilities for the senior citizens.
the federation further asked for a raise in old age pension.
at present, citizens above 60 years of age are getting a mere rs 300 per month towards pension from government.
the senior citizen asks for provision of rs 1,000 as pension for citizens between 60 and 79 years of age and rs 1,500 for citizens above 80 years of age.
two taxpayers browse e-payment options on cell phones in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, jan.
17: the civic body will conduct awareness campaigns to promote e-payments of taxes among and provide 1 per cent cash-back option to taxpayers on each transaction.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will train its officials to help introduce the public financial management system, an online module developed by the finance ministry.
in the second phase, an awareness campaign will be introduced to familiarise the people to the simple, free and user-friendly system for digital payments, an official said.
we have received a communication from the state government to nominate officials to be trained in the system.
we are planning to bring in measures to switch 100 per cent e-payments of all our income, including collection of taxes and charges, licence fees and others, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the housing and urban development department has also asked the corporation to switch over to electronic transaction for receipts.
accordingly, the civic body has decided to hold awareness camps, account opening drives, demonstration of e-payment options for shopkeepers through their market organisation.
while promoting e-payments of taxes among users, it is important to ensure that no additional fees or charges to be levied for the transaction.
we are considering to launch a scheme where we will provide 1 per cent cash back for all utility bills paid through digital means to promote e-payments, said a department official.
the civic body has the facility of online payment for holding tax for three of its 67 wards.
it also provides the facility of online payment for trade licence to the citizens.
since the central government is promoting cashless transactions for different kinds of payments, it is our job to implement the same at the ground level, said a civic body official.
he said that even before scrapping of the higher denomination currency notes, the simultaneous cash crunch and the decision to go cashless, the state government had taken many steps to promote e-payments of utility bills.
the state government had already hired a firm to develop the e-payment option.
the firm will now do the job in larger manner, said the official.
citizens, however, have a mixed take on this since many are still unaware of using the digital methods.
it is important to sensitise the people about making digital payments.
such people are high in number who should have been provided demo on making the digital payments.
true that digital transactions are hassle free, but it needs to be adopted in proper manner, said patia resident somesh mohanty.
houses along the gangua nullah which overflows during monsoon every year.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 18: the civic and development authorities have asked people planning to construct buildings in the low-lying areas of the city to get their applications vetted by the water resources department.
for example, constructions being planned near the daya west canal, gangua nullah, low-lying areas of cuttack road and the old town localities would require to get permission from experts of the water resources department.
we have water resources department engineers as members at our development and engineering planning meetings.
but, consideration of individual plans has become a challenge for us.
we have decided that when an application for building plan approval near a low-lying area or a water channel should come through a proper scrutiny by experts of the water resources department, said bhubaneswar development authority vice-chairman krishan kumar, who is also commissioner of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
a senior civic body engineer said: while going through a building plan application near the low-lying area of brahmeswar bagh along ravi talkies-sai temple road last month, we came across a typical situation as channelising of rainwater from the area has become difficult.
in the near future, the situation would become more critical as the corporation might have to deploy a pump to remove the rainwater.
sources said the gangua basin had become overloaded with silt and sand deposit and there was little scope for it to carry more rainwater.
besides, construction of the drain along the ravi talkies-sai temple road has become more elevated than the surrounding catchment areas, causing difficulty in collecting the rainwater.
local resident malay mohapatra said: earlier, neither the civic body nor the development authority took steps either to excavate the gangua basin or provide alternate passage to the rainwater.
now, the situation has become so bad that allowing building plan approval has not been possible without advice of experts.
sandeep mishralight up: billboard structures in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the urban development authority here is planning to regulate installation of led billboards to ensure urban beautification.
once the regulation comes into effect, the state capital will no longer have haphazardly placed led billboards.
the bhubaneswar development authority (bda) plans to rope in a private agency to prepare the regulation and implement it.
the bda feels that haphazardly-placed billboards make the city look ugly.
their placement along city's main arteries also distracts commuters, exposing them to accidents.
there is no regulation on the use and placement of the led billboards.
their haphazard placement triggers a fear of distraction for road users.
it not only destroys the look of the city, but leads to accidents, said kharavela nagar resident faisal khan.
bda vice-chairman krishan kumar said they had decided to bring a uniform rule for placement of the billboards.
the agency will be selected through tender.
they will look after installation of the led billboards, said kumar.
in another development, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is also trying to ensure proper placement of manual flex and other banners in the city.
civic officials are periodically removing haphazardly-placed banners from roadsides to ensure road safety.
we have already framed an odisha outdoor advertisement regulation to regulate the placement of flex and banners placed across the city.
we are designating places for its installations and also removing them from areas where it is distracting road users, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we are committed to maintain the beauty of the city.
after winning the smart city contest, bhubaneswar is attracting more outsiders.
at such a moment, we need to ensure that the city looks good to them, said the mayor.
unit-iii resident girija nanda devta welcomed the move.
there should also be a mechanism to restrict the use of flashlight on flex banners.
such lights also distract road users and pose a threat to road safety, said devta.
our correspondentsilicon valley calling: cupertino mayor savita vaidhyanathan speaks at the bhubaneswar municipal corporation headquarters on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the mayor of cupertino in california, who is on a visit to the city, on monday opened the doors to academic cooperation between the two cities through a student exchange programme.
savita vaidhyanathan, the first indian-origin mayor the us city, is in the state capital to promote cultural ties with bhubaneswar.
students of middle school, or secondary sections, will benefit from the exchange programme, which is a part of a sister city initiative.
vaidhyanathan, who interacted with civic officials at its headquarters here on monday, mooted the proposal.
according to the proposal, students from bhubaneswar will travel to cupertino and vice versa, creating and strengthening the bond between the two cities.
cupertino and its other sister city, toyokawa, japan, already have a student exchange programme.
as part of the programme, middle school students from toyokawa travel to cupertino with their guardians each autumn.
they visit various schools, tourist places and interact with local residents.
sources said a similar programme would be replicated with bhubaneswar.
cupertino, home to the apple headquarters, is known for its technology-driven applications across the globe.
apart from that, civic commissioner krishan kumar also proposed three other areas of cooperation between cupertino and bhubaneswar.
these areas are technology, heritage and cultural exchange.
he said the two sister cities could have better cooperation in the information and technology sector in the coming days.
dancers sujata mohapatra and rahul acharya, have already made a visit to the city to demonstrate odissi techniques and performed at a show there.
students from an orphanage had also visited the city in the past.
information technology tools play a vital role today.
it is necessary for better services to citizen, heritage conservation and tourism promotion.
bhubaneswar has got a number of historic monuments out of which 24 are of national importance.
the tie-up in this sector with cupertino will play a great role, kumar said.
the municipal commissioner also spoke about the exploration of business and investment opportunities in the second info valley project that has been planned on about 700 acres on the outskirts of the city.
this is expected to open a floodgate of opportunities after infocity at patia.
the stretch between khandagiri square and satya sai enclave in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, aug.
22: the five-kilometre stretch between khandagiri naka square and satya sai enclave plunges into darkness after sunset.
with no street lights, driving has become a nightmare in the evening hours and pedestrians think twice before crossing the road.
a stretch of two kilometres doesn't have a single street light, whereas those in front of amri hospital are lying defunct.
the stretch poses danger to drivers.
i was once dazzled by the headlights of a motorcycle coming from the wrong side of the road.
it becomes very difficult to drive after sunset, said mahesh tiwari, 37, a pharma executive and resident of aiginia.
it becomes extremely difficult to drive on the dark stretch as one can't see if anybody is trying to cross the road, said amarendra moharana, 35, a sales executive and resident of baramunda.
i dread travelling through the stretch at night and take a longer route to baramunda instead, he added.
with motorists already facing problems due to absence of or out-of-order street lights, a faulty speed breaker and lack of policing on the stretch adds to their woes.
d.k. dwivedy, 72, a retired bureaucrat and resident of saheed nagar, said: the speed breakers are not visible from far even during daytime.
another vehicle hit my car last year.
there is no proper marking on the bumps, he said.
two-wheelers often lose balance, he added.
works department chief engineer o.p. patel acknowledged the problem and said: if the speed breaker on the stretch is not up to the specifications, it will be re-built.
naresh swain, 54, a state government employee and resident of satya sai enclave, said: it is risky for motorists who are not acquainted with the area as besides the faulty speed breaker, several vehicles drive on the wrong side of the road.
many people visit jayadev vatika, a park maintained by odisha forest development corporation, and most drive on the wrong side of the road, said tiwari.
there are no cops to streamline the traffic on this stretch, he said.
there is neither a traffic signal nor a cop posted at the khandagiri naka square.
as a result, motorists flout rules.
this makes riding extremely risky, especially at night, since a major portion of the stretch doesn't have street lights, said r.k. pradhan, a retired paramilitary doctor and resident of satya sai enclave.
residents feel that the civic body hasn't paid much attention to the problems faced by commuters here.
manoranjan kanungo, 53, a doctor and resident of satya sai enclave, said the civic body had done little to develop the area.
apartments are coming up near amri hospital.
these will be occupied by the end of the year and will lead to an increase in the volume of traffic in the area.
if the authorities do not pay attention to these issues, then a major mishap is waiting to happen, he said.
contacted, local councillor dillip kumar majhi acknowledged the problems.
a tender has already been floated to procure and install energy efficient led lights in the area, he said.
however, he said that no proper time frame had been fixed.
the mayor has not informed us when the work would be done, he said.
sandeep mishrarelief in sight: passengers carry their luggages past waiting taxis at biju patnaik international airport in bhubaneswar on friday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: biju patnaik international airport, in collaboration with the city administration, intends to start building a parallel taxi track at the airport here by january.
once complete, the present practice of haphazard parking of taxis at the airport will be regulated and streamlined.
roads to and the city from the airport frequently face congestion now owing to irregular parking of taxis.
the cars do not park at designated places.
one can find taxis parked right under the 'no parking' boards.
this not only creates congestion but also affects the beauty of the airport area.
it creates a bad impression of the city for visitors, said jyoti acharya, a frequent flyer.
in order to start work on the taxi track, the airport authorities have asked the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) to make land available for work.
this land will only be free after a big slum located near the odisha university of agriculture and technology (ouat) is cleared.
loknath padhy, joint general manager for the airport director, wrote to municipal commissioner krishan kumar that the airport authority had taken up the tender process for construction of the parallel taxi track and it would be finalised by the first week of november, but it wouldn't be able to hand over the land because of encroachment.
therefore, you are requested to take early action for eviction of the farm gate ouat basti and gandamunda basti coming on alignment of the parallel tax track and expansion activities of biju patnaik international airport, wrote padhi.
authorities of the airport and the municipal corporation had a meeting earlier in october on this.
the civic body had then promised to hand over the land to the airport by december.
sources said the respective zonal commissioner had been asked to make a requisition for the eviction following which the central eviction monitoring committee of the state government would go for the eviction drive.
we are in process of constructing transit houses for rehabilitation of the slum dwellers, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said the construction of the transit houses was on in full swing at sampur.
we have identified 241 families eligible to get the transit houses.
they will be shifted in a phased manner and the eviction will be carried out alongside.
once complete, nearly 64 acres of land will be handed over to the airport authority, said jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the city administration is ready to take part in the centre's india smart city award contest with 98 other smart cities of the country.
the awards will be given on the basis of progress of the smart city projects proposed by respective city administrations.
according to the guidelines, if the city wants to win the contest, it has to put up as many as four major smart city projects and show significant progress.
the awards will be announced during the third anniversary of the smart cities mission on june 25, 2018.
the cities can start filing their entries mentioning the status of the projects from february.
only those projects will be considered for the award, which have started functioning from april 2018.
sources said that as soon as the city administration received the detail guidelines, along with the centre's direction, the authorities started identifying the potential projects, which could be over.
accordingly, bhubaneswar smart city limited has identified four projects such as the railway station multi-modal hub at master canteen, lake neutral along with micro solar project at saheed nagar, social equity centre at satya nagar and museum of natural history at unit vi.
all these projects will be executed for rs 928 crore.
we have identified the four projects.
the biggest one of all the planned projects is the multi-modal hub to be executed in phased manner.
other projects such as modern traffic light has already started functioning partially, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said the upcoming contest would be a challenge for them since they would remain in pressure to retain the top slot, but they were ready to give a tough fight.
we will expedite all the projects planned for execution this year and hope to do well in the national contest once again, he said.
fire station square, one of the stretches identified for the led street light project, in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 8: the municipal corporation and the tourism department have decided to install energy-efficient led street lights on three more stretches of the city in the next four months.
the stretches between fire station square to airport square (6km), city women's college to gandamunda (5km) and airport square to nandankanan (18km) will be lit up by led lights.
while the tourism department will bear the cost of the installation, the civic body's electrical wing will take care of the groundwork.
sources said a total of around 600 led lights would be installed as part of the project.
we have installed the led bulbs on some parts of the selected stretches, but the entire stretches are yet to be covered by the energy-efficient lights.
we have now decided to replace the old mercury bulbs with led ones on the full length of the selected stretches.
it would save a lot of energy and also make the city skyline look good, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body had decided to take up the project in the previous corporation meeting held in april.
tourism and culture minister ashok chandra panda, who had attended the meeting, has proposed to fund the project since many tourists use the selected stretches and panda himself is the local legislator.
the civic body had initiated the process of installing the energy efficient led bulbs in august 2014 and till september 2015, it has completed installation of 20,000 leds on main stretches of the city including janpath, gandhi marg, rajmahal and sishu bhavan square and acharya vihar and cs pur square and a few others.
in the second phase, the authorities install another 15,000 led lights in may last year and covered interior lanes of sailshree vihar, niladri vihar, kanan vihar, rasulgarh and some other areas.
considering the demand of the citizens, the civic body this time included the stretch of nandankanan from nandan vihar.
leds not only save energy but are also good for the environment, said patia resident jagannath patra.
a private tanker being filled from a high-level tank in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, april 17: the regional meteorological centre's forecast of extreme heatwave conditions gripping the state in the next couple of days has left the government working overtime to suggest precautionary measures.
in its latest forecast, the met department said heatwave conditions would prevail across the state from april 20.
it also stated that in the state capital the mercury might touch the 44c mark.
the temperature would gradually increase in the city after april 20, which will continue in the later stage.
we have informed the government about it and advised them to take preventive and precautionary measures, said met director sarat chandra sahu.
to tackle the impending heatwave, the state government has framed a 14-point comprehensive guideline for the public health engineering organisation (pheo) and municipal corporations, asking them to comply with it in letter and spirit.
in response to the guidelines, the pheo and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation are taking measures to address the need of water in the state capital.
the government has asked the two agencies to ensure regular and adequate drinking water supply to the citizens on a 24-hour basis.
all supply pipes, stand posts and bore-wells should be kept in good running condition, the order says.
the government also asked them to keep water tankers on stand-by to attend to an emergency.
due to unusual and low seasonal rainfall followed by the prevailing irregular climatic condition, the temperature is abnormally high in the city.
this we view with serious concern.
we have framed the guideline to overcome the problem and are hopeful of getting results, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
the guideline has also asked the corporation to start kiosks for distribution of drinking water at strategic places such as roadsides, crossroads, public offices, bus stands, railway station and marketplace.
the civic body have been asked, if necessary, to take the help of voluntary organisations in this regard.
we have already started opening water kiosks at strategic places.
the process started on march 21 and around 100 kiosks are operating across the city.
we have requested the pheo officials to supply safe drinking water regularly to the kiosks, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the guideline also ordered complete ban on burning of municipal solid waste and cutting of trees.
the agencies have been asked to take up sustainable avenue plantation on vacant plots, which includes educational institutions, parks and office complexes.
rapid urbanisation and merciless cutting of trees have worsened the situation in all cities.
the climate pattern has changed and the mercury is rising dramatically.
the move to issue directives and frame guidelines is okay, but it should be abided by in letter and spirit, said damana resident bidyadhar mohapatra.
the government directive also advised a check on flying dust, which is contributing to the rise in temperature in urban areas.
according to experts, flying dust absorbs free radiation from the sun and pushes up the mercury.
the government advisory says that large-scale construction, demolition drives and sweeping of roads without sprinkling water cause dust to fly.
to avoid such a situation, the administration has been asked to sprinkle water before sweeping roads.
the administration has also been asked to caution construction agencies about flying dust, while vehicles transporting debris should be covered.
it has also suggested a ban on the use of fly ash generating coal and coal bricks.
the urban local body has also been asked to take up renovation and restoration of the water bodies immediately.
we are in the process of restoring ponds across the cities.
the ponds will be developed to check the rising temperature as well as for the use of the public, said a civic body official.
sandeep mishraempty tables at an eatery at old bus stand in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: if you are looking for a late night hangout, there's only disappointment in store for you as authorities continue to sit over the plan to introduce a night market here.
the bhubaneswar development authority (bda) had mooted the plan to introduce a night market here in february 2016 after it topped the first set of smart city's list in the same year.
the need of such a market was felt since essentials such as a food joint or any such thing was not available for the people in the city after 11pm.
it is difficult to find a food shop open after 11pm.
i work at a call centre and often reach home late.
if i don't kept other arrangements ready, there is no way i can get food anywhere in the city at night.
the only place where one can find eateries open at night is the dhabas by the highway on the outskirts, said patia resident prayag mishra.
while other major cities across the country - such as calcutta, goa, new delhi, mumbai, hyderabad and bangalore - do have night-time eateries and marketplaces active, bhubaneswar has an entirely different picture to portray.
the bda had earlier invited feedback from city residents about the choice of site for the night market.
ekamra haat near ram mandir was chosen unanimously for the purpose.
but, a senior official of the development authority conceded to the telegraph that they had not yet planned anything on the matter.
we will have to rephrase the plan and initiate a fresh discussion of having the night market here, said the official requesting anonymity.
a senior police officer also backed the plan, while maintaining that they usually ask shops to down shutters after 11pm keeping in mind security issues.
but, if a market is set up at a central place, adequate security measures could easily be put up there.
ekamra haat is a good option, but the decision has to be taken by other agencies, said the officer.
a decision in this regard will be taken soon, said jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: residents of bhagbat sandhan, a locality near rasulgarh, have urged the housing and urban development department to intervene in the repair and renovation of roads and drains in their locality.
the area near rasulgarh has a population of about 1,200.
their suffering has been going on for years as the civic administration was yet to construct proper roads in the area.
the situation worsens in monsoon with drains overflowing because of faulty planning.
a main road connects eight bylanes to individual houses.
after repeated requests, the main road and a bylane had been constructed in 2012, but the situation came back to square one because of lack of maintenance, said local resident madhusudan sahu.
another resident, dibakar mishra, said the drainage facility was in a bad shape.
it is difficult to move around during rains when rainwater overflows in the absence of a proper passage creating a waterlogging.
i hope that the administration would do something, said mishra.
the residents, in a letter to the housing and urban development department, has also referred to the unnati yojna launched by chief minister naveen patnaik to ensure proper infrastructure - road, drain or street light - in all urban areas of the state.
a senior department official said they had received the letter and forwarded it to the bhubaneswar municipal corporation for necessary steps.
the civic body has been asked to look into the matter and submit their views on it to resolve the problems, he said.
we will prepare the list of road and drainage work on periodic manner and this time we will consider construction of the same in the area, said jena.
sandeep mishrahealth on wheels: a dengue awareness vehicle in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body and the national health mission will undertake an assessment drive of the city's urban poor to provide them with better living and health care facilities.
officials of both the agencies will visit various areas in the city to look after the living and health needs of the urban poor and slum-dwellers.
the officials have organised a daylong workshop earlier this week to discuss the process and methodology to undertake the assessment drive.
the assessment will not only be taken in the state capital, but also in cuttack, berhampur, sambalpur and rourkela, said an official of the nhm.
he said that urban areas provide a number of socio-economic opportunities for jobs and income generation, but are also becoming increasingly risky places to live, especially for those belonging to low-income groups.
they are an integral part of the society, but are unaware of many dangers.
we need to put focus on them, said the official.
we are dedicated to the uplift of the urban poor.
we are helping them in many areas, such as health needs, sanitation and livelihood, through various schemes.
we are optimistic on the upcoming assessment report based on which we will extend the services in an inclusive manner, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondentsafe environs: an arists impression of the proposed park in bhubaneswarbhubaneswar: the city will get its own sensory park for differently-abled children at saheed nagar as part of the authorities' continued efforts to develop child-friendly infrastructure.
bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) will develop the park on 0.
4 acres for rs 1 crore.
it has floated a tender and plans to throw open the facility by march.
sources said the park would have accessibility features such as ramps, sand pit and rubber flooring to reduce chances of injury.
there will also be braille and sound wall, along with reflexology path, integrating soil, grass and pebbles for the visually-impaired.
the equipment have been designed according to the requirements of the differently-abled.
it will have bucket and wheelchair swings, merry-go-round that can be integrated with wheelchairs, said a bscl official.
hopefully, our design will serve its purpose.
musical equipment such as drums and musical poles for the perfect ambience for the children would also be incorporated.
it is a great move to develop such a park.
it will help the city's infrastructure development and services, said saheed nagar resident jeet hota.
moreover, the park will not only serve the specially-abled, but also incorporate general features - walking paths, sitting and recreational space - for the public.
ahmedabad, bangalore and calcutta already have such parks.
we envisage a child-friendly city.
we took a number of suggestions from various forums, and will execute the plan in phases, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the state government plans to appoint an agency to conduct a survey of the urban poor and their housing requirements in the city.
the survey is expected to ensure smooth execution of various affordable housing projects under the centre's pradhan mantri awas yojana and the state's housing for all scheme.
the agency will be selected through a bidding, which will make a survey of the demand of such houses in the city.
it will then submit the report to the government, along with an action plan on how to execute the projects.
the state government has planned to create a stock of 20,000 such affordable houses for the urban poor in the city in the next three years.
besides, it has also planned to build 31,000 such houses across the state by the end of next year.
we have already initiated the process to set up a city-level technical cell to monitor the projects.
the cell will have officials from various public and private agencies, said a housing and urban development department official.
the new consultant will also be a part of the cell but mostly work on field-level.
we are doing everything possible to achieve the target on time, the official said.
the bhubaneswar development authority and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation have already begun the process to execute two such housing projects at chandrasekharpur and satya nagar, whereas three more are in the offing at nakhara, gadakana and pahala.
the demand survey for these projects has been done by some other agencies.
the new agency will conduct surveys for the upcoming projects.
besides, the agency will also conduct a demand survey for construction of the houses under beneficiary-led construction of the yojana.
beneficiary-led construction is a component where eligible beneficiaries for the projects took up the construction of the houses by themselves with financial help from the government.
we had undertaken a drive in may to select the beneficiaries for the affordable houses.
later, we distributed more than 100 work orders under the beneficiary-led construction programme, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraunclean look: an overflowing waste bin at fire station square in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: swachhata app, the smartphone application developed to get feedback from people on the city's cleanliness aspect, reveals that the civic body continues to disappoint citizens.
bhubaneswar continued to perform badly on the centre's swachh city platform with its daily rank hovering between 185 and 190.
on wednesday, the city stands occupies the 185th position.
however, smaller town such as sambalpur continues to give a tough fight to bhubaneswar and stands at 180 on wednesday.
the reason for the city's under-performance is believed to be the administration's inability to get adequate app users.
the situation is worrisome since the users are also not satisfied with the city's cleanliness aspects.
so far, the city has got only 817 app users, of whom only 281 are active users.
only 54 users have registered their feedbacks on the app and 29 of these have given negative markings on the city's cleanliness aspect.
the dissatisfaction among the users triggered a fear for bhubaneswar getting a low rank in the ongoing swachh survekshan since the feedback of citizens constitute a major chunk of the marks required to get a good rank.
bhubaneswar is competing with 4,000 other cities in this nationwide survey.
garbage dumped at baramunda bus stand.
pictures by ashwinee patithe city had stood 24th among 73 cities in swachh survekshan i, while it ranked 93rd among 500 cities in swachh survekshan ii.
the city is not improving its the cleanliness parameters.
they are still irregular in lifting garbage and clearing overflowing bins.
instead of asking for votes, they should focus on the cleanliness, said patia resident gopal hota.
to get more people on the app, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has flagged off a van that moves around the city and spreads awareness about the ongoing cleanliness survey.
besides, it is also conducting citizen-connect programmes at various educational institutions.
the civic body has also taken it up on social media websites to generate awareness.
we did intensify the cleanliness activities over the time.
we are conducting twice a day sweeping of major roads and market areas.
sanitation agencies are also lifting wastes from collection points on time.
we are trying to get more citizen feedback and resolve their issues.
we urge them to take part in the survey and help us help them in maintaining the cleanliness, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
fitness sessions at an open-air gym.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 5: the development authority wants you to stretch your stroll in a park to a calorie-burning exercise with the addition of five open-air gyms in the city's green stretches.
at present, there are 10 open-air gyms in the city.
the new parks to offer the facility are shyama prasad mukherjee park at satsang vihar, gopabandhu nagar park at unit viii, dharma vihar park at jagamara, phase vii park at sailashree vihar and judhisthira das park at irc village.
in 2015, the city got its first open-air gym at the buddha jayanti park.
the number of parks having such facilities was shortly increased to five and at the end of last year the count stood at 10.
the open-air gyms in parks became a big hit because they provide an opportunity to all age groups to work out without paying any money.
working out in an open area adds to the experience, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the facility at these parks include fitness equipment such as air walker, sit-up bench, air swing, twister, set back or glider, push and pull up chairs, knee or hip raise on parallel bars, big shoulder wheel, bench with fixed dumbbells, bench with fixed weights to lift and poles with fixed weights.
it is a great move of the administration to provide such a facility for the citizens here.
we can now have our morning walks and work out at the open-air gyms.
the open and natural environment does help a lot since we can exercise in the fresh air rather than doing the same inside a congested and smelly room of an indoor gym, said jagamara resident suresh mahapatra, a government employee.
besides, the 15 open-air gyms, the city administration has also planned to have one more such facility in saheed nagar by september this year.
sources said that of the three smart parks being planned in saheed nagar, one would have the open-air gym facility.
sabyasachi das, a physician and resident of pokhariput, said the entire nation is virtually sitting on a diabetic bomb scare as the number of cases and stress related diseases are on the rise.
if we go on exercising on daily basis, then we can actually delay or just get rid of any such lifestyle disease.
the initiative of the administration to make people exercise has become a very well planned strategy to make the city liveable and smart, said das.
bhubaneswar, may 12: the municipal corporation expects to collect rs 130 crore on account of various taxes from residents of the city capital.
the funds will be used for to create more parks and green cover across the city.
in the last financial year, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had collected rs 100.
13 crore from holding tax, user fees, trade licence and advertising tax, among others, compared to a set fiscal target of rs 238.
90 crore.
out of the total collection of rs 100.
13 crore, the civic body had procured rs 9.
79 crore from user charges, rs 15.
85 crore from advertising tax, rs 3.
91 crore from trade licence, rs 2.
41 crore from parking fees, rs 1.
3 crore from market rent among others.
the collection was a mere rs 69.
55 in 2015-16.
municipal commissioner krishan kumar said the revenue collection of the previous fiscal had been good and the corporation had decided to invest more in creating facilities for people and green cover across the city.
we will develop more parks so that people get more space for recreation and to stay fit, said kumar.
in its annual budget, the civic body has fixed a target to collect rs 257.
57 crores from various taxes and rents during the 2017-18 fiscal, which includes rs 44.
11 crore only from user charges.
it is not always possible to collect the fixed amount.
it always differs and the collection in the previous fiscal is really good, he added.
sources said revenue from advertising tax had become more than rs 5 crore this year following strict monitoring activities and adoption of an online self-declaration system.
parking fee collection also saw an increase in rs 1.
5 crore as it was developed on public-private partnership.
moreover, markets provided an increased revenue base as leasing out of property at bmc-bhawani mall at sahid nagar has become successful.
we will concetrate more on development activities, said jena.
additional civic commissioner alok kumar kar said the state government had already designated three zonal deputy commissioners as special certificate officers under the odisha public demand recovery act, 1962, and if needed, they may order for seizure of property from defaulters.
this year, we are going to implement the act for collection of more taxes, said kar.
civic body's revenue expert bibhu behura said that many of the about 73,000 dwelling units of the city were not mapped properly according to their exact sizes.
after proper assessment and inclusion of all new holdings, the number may cross 1 lakh, said behura.
once all the holdings are included in the citywide tax base, the civic body would get about rs 60 crore alone from the holding tax, the revenue expert added.
the holding units (both commercial and residential) are now being digitally validated for clearer measurement and tax transactions in future.
bhubaneswar, jan.
20: areas along the daya west canal have emerged as another sought-after pocket for real estate development, but infrastructure and basic amenities elude these localities.
the canal used to supply water for paddy cultivation in the areas on the city outskirts.
but with urbanisation, the cultivation activities stopped and the canal system became redundant.
in 2010, the state government decided to develop roads on both the sides of the canal from palasuni to garage square, so that it can serve both as a road link and a water channel.
when the plan was made public, selling of plots again went up manifold.
thereafter when the road construction started, new high-rise structures started emerging from the banks.
local resident and urban management practitioner piyush ranjan rout said: earlier, areas near the daya west canal were not included in the comprehensive development plan of the city.
while the micro-level zonal development plan has been implemented in many parts of bhubaneswar, the canal banks are not included even in the primary planning process.
realtors have developed plots and people have purchased those.
but without any initiative from the development and civic authorities, now there is no land available for schools, hospitals, police station and other amenities and institutions.
once the saturation level is reached, only then will the development authority rise from its deep slumber, rout said.
newly elected councillor from laxmisagar, rajalaxmi nayak, said: the canals left bank is not included in the sewerage network plan, which is under progress in the city.
if the real estate development goes on at its present rate and the required infrastructure is fulfilled after a decade, there will definitely be plan related problems cropping up in each locality.
project engineer of the odisha water supply and sewerage board b.k. parida said: the sewerage project, currently under progress, is done according to a survey carried out by iit, kharagpur and its projection was till 2005.
the newer areas can be included later as the population status up to 2030 is included in the engineering planning.
though at present, the city population is below 10 lakh, the sewerage network can take the burden of a population size of 22 lakh.
a senior engineer of the works department, requesting anonymity, said: the development authority and the civic body should give permission to buildings according to the amenities available in the locality.
they should also take up urban planning in the new areas where the real estate development has already reached a certain level.
enforcement officer of the bhubaneswar development authority debaprasad dash said: the vigilance squad of our planning division is identifying illegal structures and those blocking or diverting natural drainage channels in the area.
as the area was traditionally a low-lying zone, blocking of the channels could also cause flooding.
with inputs from the planning wing, we will take appropriate action to demolish illegal structures.
local resident s. nirmal said: we have been staying in a colony on the left bank of the daya west canal for almost a decade, but the basic infrastructure development such as road, drain, sewerage is yet to come.
during monsoon, most of the private colonies get waterlogged, but the administration is yet to take any step.
with the real estate development picking up in the new residential pockets, the infrastructure support will be accelerated for a balanced development.
a cow comes in the way of four-wheelers at chandrasekharpur in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, july 19: bovine animals nonchalantly chewing cud on busy streets as harried motorists try to drive past them is a familiar sight here.
five to 10 accidents are reported every day because of stray cattle blocking the streets, said a police official.
the civic body officials have been told about this problem.
it is their duty to remove the animals from the roads.
such accidents occur mainly during night when visibility is poor, he said.
patia-nandankanan road and the infocity area seem to be the favourite spots where owners let loose their animals on the roads to graze on the grassy sidewalks and medians, thus obstructing the flow of traffic.
the situation is more or less the same in other parts of the city where stray cows and bulls rule the roads.
janardan mohanty, who owns a shop along the patia-nandankanan road, told the telegraph that around 100 cattle roam on the road in the morning and evening feeding on the grass on the sidewalks and medians.
minor and major accidents are common here.
i have never seen any official coming here to fine the owners or take the animals away, said mohanty.
the menace is common at various busy traffic junctions, including ag chhak, rupali chhak, jayadev vihar chhak, master canteen square, rasulgarh square and khandagiri square.
it is becoming difficult to commute on the roads because of the uncontrolled movement of stray animals.
their number is increasing in the city as civic body officials are doing nothing to catch them, said rasulgarh resident mani baliyarsingh.
at present, the civic body has five vehicles to catch stray cattle and also has provisions to impose a fine of rs 100 on people who leave their animals unattended in public places.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has a kine house in kharavela nagar that can accommodate only 10 cattle.
their population is increasing and there is not enough space to impound them as the kine house at kharavela nagar can accommodate only 10 cattle, he said.
we have decided to transport them to a new place at jamukoli in khurda.
we have already earmarked five acres and started constructing the boundary wall.
a detailed project report will be prepared shortly and a kine house will be built there, said jena.
he said that earlier this year, the animals were being transported to cow sheds at babandha and other places in dhenkanal.
however, as the process was consumed both too much time and money, it was discontinued.
we plan to come up with stringent rules for the cattle owners who leave their animals unattended in public places, said the mayor.
sandeep mishraviolation continues: logos related to mahatma gandhi on colour-coded dustbins in bhubaneswar on sunday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has flouted housing and urban development department's direction, which was issued last year, to remove all logos related to mahatma gandhi from places such as waste bins and toilets.
the direction was issued in the backdrop of a judgment of chhattisgarh high court that asked to show respect to the father of the nation by not putting his sketches, pictures and logos on places such as dustbins and toilets.
other urban local bodies have also been asked to comply with the direction.
however, it the bhubaneswar municipal corporation continues to violate the direction of the state government as sketches, pictures and logos related to gandhi continue to adorn waste bins, toilets and other such places.
mahatma gandhi is the brand ambassador of swachh bharat mission, but it is not right to put his logos or sketches on filthy places.
it is also not right to show him sweeping the roads using a broom, which are put up prominently across the city, said social worker alok mohanty.
mohanty said the high court had rightly asked the local bodies in chhattisgarh and the centre to comply with its order.
the government did name parks, roads, offices after the father of the nation.
we also have his picture on currency notes, but to put it on waste bins and toilets is not right, he said.
the court had said in its order: it is mahatma gandhi who said 'cleanliness is next to godliness'.
it is mahatma gandhi who launched the movement for emancipation of scavengers.
it is he himself who had cleaned his own toilet.
therefore, we are not against using the name of mahatma gandhi for the swachha bharat abhiyan.
while his aim and symbols which are associated with his name may be used for the said purpose, but they should not be used in such a manner that it causes disrespect to the father of the nation.
when told that what he claims is not the reality, jena said: we have directed our sanitation agencies to remove the logos of mahatma gandhi from waste bins.
i will look into it if they haven't done their job as yet.
sandeep mishraillegal practice: an unauthorised parking at kharavela nagar and (above) an operator of one such illegal lot collects fees in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: next time you park your vehicle at any place in the city, beware of fake parking operators.
they will come out of nowhere and ask for parking fees.
they will go to the extent of claiming that the municipal corporation have engaged them to collect the fees.
the reality, however, is that these parking lots do not exist in the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's official list.
the parking lots have also not been outsourced to a private operator.
according to the civic body, there are 76 authorised parking lots in the city.
most of these are being auctioned with the civic body planning to introduce a new parking system from april 1.
with the corporation having no control over unauthorised parking lots mushrooming in the city, the commuters are bearing the brunt of illegal operators, who often turn out to be bullies when people resist and refuse to pay the fees.
i went to a bookstore near master canteen.
i parked my bike in front of the store when a man came and asked for parking fees.
i am a regular visitor to the bookstore, but had never seen any parking operator.
when i argued, the operator started shouting and bullying with me, said unit-ii resident jitendra mohanty.
if this was not enough, operators of parking lots are not providing receipts for the fees.
it is a new parking lot inaugurated by the corporation.
my owner got this parking lot after paying lakhs of rupees and i am here to recover it, said sushant mohanty, the operator at master canteen, who is collecting the fees on behalf of the auction holder.
a senior civic body official, however, claimed that in the new parking system they had added a few.
we have added new parking lots in each of the three zones, but have not started collection of fees.
we will look into the matter and ask auction holders to start the service after april 1, the official said.
the confusion arose, as the civic body was yet to enforce the parking regulation notification of 2015.
according to the regulation, the operators will have to wear uniform, mark parking lots with signboards and issue electronically generated receipts.
i urge the citizens to file complaints whenever they face misbehavior of parking operators.
action will be taken accordingly, said jena.
sandeep mishragigantic problem: the e-waste ravan sculpture inaugurated at jayadev vihar in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation in collaboration with the international finance corporation, a wing of world bank, installed an e-waste sculpture at jayadev vihar square on tuesday to spread awareness on the rising volumes of electronic waste.
with the installation, the authorities aim to highlight improper disposal and treatment of e-waste.
mayor anantanarayanjena inaugurated the sculpture under the clean e-bhubaneswar project, a part of the ifc-eu eco-cities programme.
the sculpture is crafted out of discarded e-waste and is shaped like demon king ravan.
named e-ravan, it seeks to draw attention to the e-waste issue before it goes out of control.
the sculpture has been designed and built by artist pinaki ranjan mohanty and his team comprising bidyadhar majhi, raju bhoi and mahesh.
we used obsolete computer monitors as the 10 heads of ravan.
the body parts are made of motherboards, keyboards, integrated circuits and other e-waste, said mohanty.
we already have a mechanism to recycle and process e-waste scientifically, said the mayor.
sandeep mishrathe dhauli peace pagoda.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the city administration is set to bring 32 national and international cities on one platform to discuss their heritage potential with authorities preparing to host the fifth international biennial conference of indian heritage cities network foundation here in february.
the housing and urban development department will co-ordinate the event with other city agencies that will be held from february 2-4.
the discussions ranged from selection of venue, preparation of agenda notes and more.
the indian heritage cities network is an organisation under unesco that brings the representatives of various indian and international historic cities and towns on a common platform to discuss their problems and share experiences and good practices for sustainable development and conservation of their cultural heritage.
we were approached by the foundation for hosting the conference in october.
we had discussions with the tourism and culture department and other agencies earlier this week and decided to host it.
we will hold further talks on other aspects of hosting the event successfully, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
the previous edition of the event was held in pune in november 2013.
the theme of that conference was economics of living heritage cities - one of the least explored issues in urban conservation in india.
this was considered a crucial factor in ensuring sustainable conservation of india's vast heritage.
besides hosting such events, the foundation also creates partnerships between various international and indian cities for exchange of ideas and things related to heritage and tourism.
such partnerships already exist between partner cities such as cochin and lorient and udaipur and strasbourg.
bhubaneswar is already a partner city for cupertino in the us.
we are in a sister city relationship with cupertino and have cultural exchange with them.
but more such partnerships will boost the potential of our city.
after getting the smart city tag, the city is at the centre stage and we are not going to lose this opportunity, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bhubaneswar, july 12: restoration and renovation work on the historic bindusagar lake, which began nearly five years ago, is yet to be completed.
work on the project continues even though the bhuban-eswar municipal corporation (bmc), the executing authority, had set a june deadline.
the restoration work includes erection of boundary walls, bio-remediation of water, diversion of sewage from adjacent colonies, construction of ghats around the lake and illumination.
these jobs are yet to be completed.
we need to build the mutts boundary wall before that of the lake, said a senior bmc official, adding that this was delaying the construction.
the bmc has undertaken the construction work of the mutt wall at an estimated cost of rs 40 lakh.
the state tourism department is funding the work.
earlier, the proposal was to conduct a bio-remediation work of the lake water, but later, the authorities decided to pump out the entire water.
with the monsoon in progress, the water purification process is likely to take some time.
the work to illuminate the lake has not been completed.
the revival of water streams such as dimbiri jhara and ganga jamuna, situated 1km away from the eastern bank of the bindusagar lake, and connecting them to the water body has also not been done.
it has been five years since the restoration work was initiated.
but the slow pace of work has affected the project, said sanjog dash, a local resident.
earlier, bindusagar was included in the national lake conservation plan by the ministry of environment and forest.
according to the plan, the lake will be renovated at an estimated cost of rs 9.
37 crore.
while rs 6.
1 crore will be made available from the jawaharlal nehru national urban renewal mission (jnnurm), another rs 3.
35 crore will be funded by the national river conservation directorate (nrcd).
though the corporation has spent more jnnurm funds than allotted, the nrdc money remains underutilised.
mayor anantanarayanjena , however, exuded confidence and said that restoration work was likely to be completed by mid-august.
bhubaneswar, april 24: the municipal corporation is set to float financial bonds to take the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) and smart city mission forward.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) will float municipal bonds with the state government having completed the process of providing credit ratings to all nine cities of the state included in the ambitious amrut scheme.
the aim is to float the municipal bonds in the capital market to lure investors for different projects.
the state government has completed the credit rating of nine cities - bhubaneswar, sambalpur, cuttack, berhampur, baripada, balasore, rourkela, bhadrak and puri.
we hired two consultants and completed the credit rating of all nine amrut cities in two phases.
bhubaneswar and rourkela are the ones included in the first phase.
we were waiting for the process to end in order to begin floating municipal bonds.
now, we have decided to begin the process with the capital city, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
the capital city gets a bbb rating, which is considered a moderate degree of safety regarding timely servicing of financial obligations.
under this rating, an investor or the buyer of the municipal bond will take a 50:50 risk while expecting good or average returns from the bonds.
the ratings have been given on the basis of revenue collection, quality civic services, planning and execution and more.
after being adjudged the smartest city in the country, we tried our best to improve the quality of services for citizens and think that we succeeded in it, said city mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said there are huge plans to improve the infrastructure of the city under amrut and smart city mission, which needs major investment.
it is not possible to execute the projects all by ourselves which is why we need investors.
we have already started partnering with private companies while through municipal bonds, the general public will also be a part of it, said the mayor.
credit rating of the cities is one of the proposed reform milestones under the amrut scheme.
the state government had got a reward for achieving this milestone in the first attempt by providing ratings to the two selected smart cities of the state last year.
it is a smart move of the administration to take such a step for generating revenue for the projects.
the credit rating and the assessment will not only help the administration get money from the market but also encourage them to improve their services since in absence of that, no city can get good credit rating, which will result in a loss to the administration itself, said prabha mohanty, a chartered accountant.
participants during raahgiri in bhubaneswar on sunday.
picture by sanjib mukherjee bhubaneswar, june 19: rain dampened the spirits of city residents during the raahgiri celebrations this morning as the southwest monsoon triggered rainfall in the twin cities and most of the coastal districts.
the weathermen have predicted that rainfall will intensify in the state after june 25.
today, cuttack and baripada received rainfall of 17.
2mm each while bhubaneswar and angul received 11.
8mm each.
puri and chandbali received 9mm and 4mm rainfall respectively.
those who were out on streets celebrating raahgiri in bhubaneswar this morning were found running for shelter when the downpour started this morning.
the weather was clear this morning.
it started raining all of a sudden.
we were forced to run for cover.
but thankfully, the weather became clear again after a brief spell of rain, said ramakanta sahu, a city resident.
the mercury remained below 35c in most parts of the state after the monsoon reached the state on friday.
monsoon has covered all districts in the state and rainfall will continue in most parts of the state for the next five days under its influence.
there will be more-than-normal rainfall this monsoon, said a met official.
the rain has definitely come as a relief as we were sweltering in the hot and humid weather.
but the intermittent spells of rain throughout the day have also brought with them problems for us.
we hope that the temperature falls further, said anirban rout, another resident of bhubaneswar.
a motorcyclist braves the rain in bhubaneswar on sunday.
picture by sanjib mukherjee the state had received 14 per cent deficit rainfall last monsoon.
while odisha usually receives 1,144.
3mm rainfall during monsoon starting from june to september, it only received 1,031mm last year leading to a drought situation.
flood drill in a related development, a mock drill was organised in all 30 districts of the state to take stock of preparedness for a flood situation.
personnel of odisha disaster rapid action force (odraf), national disaster response force (ndrf) and fire service took part in the mock drill along with district administration officials.
the mock drill on management of flood and cyclone disaster was also conducted in 500 multi-purpose flood and cyclone shelters in the state.
the participants also checked the functioning of communication and rescue equipment.
the purpose of the mock drill was to ensure that emergency equipment are functioning properly.
besides, such mock drills will also create awareness among people for early evacuation during emergency situations, said a fire service personnel.
the municipal corporation has decided to complete the desiltation work on 10 natural drainage channels by the end of this month.
we have already identified 27 places that are prone to waterlogging across the city.
we will set up a control room and put in place adequate pumps to clear waterlogging, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrableak picture: garbage dumped on the roadside at unit-ii market in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: there is all possibilities that the state government would cease to get central grants under the swachh bharat mission, thanks to the apathetic nature of urban local bodies in submitting the utilisation certificates for funds allotted to them under the scheme.
taking serious concern of this apathetic attitude, the housing and urban development department has taken a tough stand on the civic bodies and directed them to furnish all pending utilisation certificates by the end of this month, else face action.
the civic bodies' performance was revealed during a review meeting earlier this month.
it is painful to notice that only a couple of urban local bodies have furnished the utilisation certificates against the central assistance released under the mission in the 2016-17 fiscal.
no sincere efforts have been made by most of the urban local bodies in doing the same, the department informed the civic bodies.
the urban local bodies receive grants under the mission to carry out various activities such as awareness campaigns, issuing of work order for construction of individual household latrines and procurement of waste bins among others.
sources said the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is one among the defaulting urban local bodies of the state that had failed to submit the utilisation certificates under the scheme so far.
there is a growth in clearing the application for individual household latrines.
but still, the civic body has failed to submit the report, said a department official.
we have utilised the funds properly.
but, it seems that the records have not been maintained properly.
we have issued strict orders to the officials to come over this and furnish the utilisation certificates to the government as early as possible, said jena.
besides, the department has also taken a note of this idle nature of the civic body and warned them of stopping even basic grants such as salary of officials.
it is a matter of concern, and we have decided to take strong action against it, said the official.
sandeep mishraan aahar outlet on capital hospital premises in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department will bring in a monitoring system for all the nine aahaar outlets of the city to ensure quality in the cheap meal service here.
the outlets provide meals to the people at a rate of rs 5 per plate.
the department officials recently held a meeting to review the functioning of the outlets and came up with plans to ensure quality in the service.
it was decided that the outlets would be monitored using online database management system.
we were reviewing functioning of the outlets when the matter to put up a rigorous monitoring system was discussed.
accordingly, an online database management system will be introduced to enable the stakeholders to log on to the portal and put the details with ease, said an official.
moreover, a central monitoring room will be set up at the state government level where the activities at the outlets will be monitored using closed-circuit television cameras.
a digital display board will also be installed at each outlet, giving details about the number of tokens already issued against the ceiling.
at present, nine aahaar outlets at capital hospital, nayapalli durga mandap, sum hospital, unit-ii, baramunda bus stand, chadrasekharpur, master canteen area, kalpana square area and mancheswar have been functioning in the city since 2015.
we had started with four outlets and increased it to nine in 2016.
poor people are getting benefited from these outlets.
at present, about 9,000 persons are getting the cheap meal from the existing outlets every day.
we felt the need to ensure quality, for which a monitoring system is necessary, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the government has also decided to grade each of the outlets based on the benchmark indicators.
the outlets will also be rated based on their performances and the top three best performing outlet and its workers will get reward from the government.
we want to instil a sense of competition among the staff members working at the outlets to get the best service, said another official of the department.
the newly built park atsailashree vihar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, may 11: the state capital will get 14 new parks and 38 drinking water supply projects under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme.
the projects will be executed in the next five years.
moreover, three existing parks will be renovated in this financial year.
the housing and urban development department recently submitted the action plan for the proposed projects, which got the final nod of the union ministry of urban development.
the administration will spend rs 5.
4 crore for the parks, while rs 121.
16 crore will be spent on the water supply projects.
sources in the civic body said that nearly 4.
89 acres had been earmarked for the construction of the proposed parks in the city.
the three parks that would be developed are sailashree vihar, niladri vihar and kanan vihar.
the state government will spend rs 51 lakh, rs 32 lakh and rs 52 lakh respectively on these parks.
earlier, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) had proposed to develop four parks under amrut this year, but the number was later reduced to three with the technical committee of the housing and urban development department cancelling the park proposed in dumduma.
the park in dumduma will come up in the next financial year at a revised cost of rs 10 lakh instead of the rs 6 lakh proposed earlier.
our aim is to provide various facilities to the people.
the proposed parks will not only help create more green space in the city, but will also cater to the needs of the residents who wish to stay close to the nature, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the city administration will also execute 38 drinking water projects in the city this year that will mainly cover the uncovered slum areas.
at present, half the population in the 34 of the 67 municipal wards in the city does not have full access to piped water supply.
the public health engineering organisation (pheo) has also come up with a master plan for water supply in the city where it proposes to increase the per capita consumption of water to 155 litres per day.
the pheo will execute water supply projects proposed under the amrut in the city.
city-based environmentalist sailabala padhi said that this was a good initiative of the administration to develop more parks, which would help increase the city's green cover.
the drinking water projects will also help people to have access to safe drinking water, padhi said.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body has launched a website - swachh bhubaneswar abhiyan 2018 - to streamline cleanliness activities.
the website is meant to bring together various individuals and institutions, who can contribute to the cleanliness mission.
one can access it by typing its official address www.
swm.
bmc.gov.
in in their respective web browsers.
the website has various components, including an online registration portal for resident welfare associations, private operators of cesspool emptier vehicles, schools, hospitals, hotels and market place.
it can also be used to lodge grievances.
moreover, the website also provides information about the solid waste management system of the city.
it has a tab garbage vantage point, hitting which a user would be able to locate a designated place of dumping garbage in respective localities.
it also has a toilet locator option.
a user can visit it and will be able to find the public as well as community toilets in the city.
another option for registration of vendors and shopkeepers using plastic will also be introduced in the website shortly.
we have announced the launching of the website.
we want to register each and every waste generators of the city and take steps to manage it with their help.
we hope that the website will be used in larger manner, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sources said that with the help of the website, the civic body will be able to keep a close eye on the waste generators.
it will also facilitate various institutions in registering them with the civic body with ease.
the corporation will be able to monitor the solid waste and come up with better plans for its management, they said.
with the introduction of the website, the civic body has taken a step closer to do well in the forthcoming swachh survekhsan iii since provision of such online portal and integration of the same with the centre's website score marks for the city's cleanliness aspect.
citizens also welcomed the move.
i hope that the website will make things easy for the civic authorities as well as citizens in ensuring cleanliness, said patia resident jagannath patra, a schoolteacher.
our correspondentfile picture of civic workers catching dogs in bhubaneswarbhubaneswar: the corporation will implement the animal birth control programme in the city after being alarmed by the frequent cases of dog bites here.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will increase the number of sterilisation operations of stray dogs here by providing additional equipment and manpower to the veterinary dispensary at saheed nagar.
the civic body will collaborate with the fisheries and animal resources department for the purpose.
at present, the civic body is conducting 300 sterilising operations on the stray dogs every month to keep tabs on their increasing population.
we are going to hold a meeting to decide on certain things for streamlining the animal birth control programme in the city, said a civic body official.
sources said officials would have discussion on appointing an independent nodal officer for the programme, construction of kennels and additional operation theatres, procurement of dog-catching vehicles, equipment, medicine and vaccines among others.
we are conducting 300 operations every month, but it seems that we need to increase this number.
we will fix milestones and take adequate steps to achieve those on time, said jena.
according to the data available with the civic body, bhubaneswar has a stray dog population of about 42,000, and the number is increasing almost two folds every year.
according to the people for animal, an organisation helping the civic body in their initiatives, the stray dog population will reach 10 lakh by 2020 with the present number of operations.
the organisation's convener amulya nayak said the stray dog population would keep doubling every year, which could only be controlled if the number of operations would increase.
there is a need of mass sterilisation of these dogs or else controlling their population will be an impossible task, he said.
patia resident vishesh patra said the dogs were absolutely making life a troublesome affair in the city.
they keep on chasing my car every time i start from my home.
at any point of time, they can bite us, said patra, a corporate employee.
the smart city project proposes to improve roads and transportation systems in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, sept.
13: french firm egis and canada's ibi have signed contracts with bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) to execute projects under smart city initiative in the city.
both firms will act as consultants for four years.
while egis will work for the bhubaneswar town centre district (btcd), ibi will work in the information technology and smart technology related projects.
according to the draft proposal, there are two major components in the project - to develop town centre district on 985 acres, which includes construction of bicycle tracks, a lake zone, satya nagar institutional core and four housing projects, and improve urban mobility and waste management systems.
a major milestone has been achieved through the pact.
these consultants will undertake the detailed designing of the projects and it is expected that the tender process will be initiated very soon, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the value of the contract with egis is rs 26.
80 crore, while that with ibi is rs 20.
45 crore.
the work of these two firms will include preparation of detailed project reports for the projects.
the consultancy of egis includes concept to commissioning of most of the infrastructure-related projects under the bhubaneswar smart city proposal.
egis will be deploying french experts in the urban and infrastructure sectors in the initial period of the planning and designing of the projects, said an official of bscl.
egis is the main infrastructure and engineering consultant for the projects to be implemented in the town centre district.
ibi will be involved in various projects, including wifi, traffic management, parking, incident management system, citizen connect initiatives and transit operations.
ibi has vast experience across the globe, mainly in north america, in urban planning and technology-driven urban solutions, said the official.
bscl recently launched its first smart city project, a portal called bhubaneswar one, which is enabled with different information and a map of the state capital.
it has also invited tenders for modern traffic signalling system and is in the process of preparing a project report for a railway multi-modal hub, and another project called i am bhubaneswar.
according to city social worker tarini rath, it has eight months since the city figured in the list, however, no development could be seen.
i hope the recent move of hiring consultants for different projects will expedite the implementation of the smart city mission, said rath.
our correspondentnew facilities: a guard stands outside the odisha crafts museum in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state government has put officials of different departments and agencies on their toes as it bids to showcase the new odisha crafts museum.
while reviewing the facilities, the government has assigned duties to respective departments and agencies to make attempts to add certain components and also popularise the museum in a grand manner.
to begin with, the government has decided to put up a separate gallery for lord jagannath and his culture inside the museum,.
the gallery will be designed and set up by the sri jagannath temple administration.
there will also be a cafeteria and an atm.
there will also be a gallery to display the attires of odisha's different dance forms - odissi, mahari, and gotipua.
there will be a conservation laboratory for these costumes as well.
the odisha industrial infrastructure development corporation and the handloom and handicraft department will commission the job.
the culture department will design theme-based cultural programmes at the museum on specific dates.
for wider branding, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the handloom and handicraft department have been directed to prepare brochures and put up standees at schools, colleges, offices and hotels.
the works department will put up directional and informational signage at strategic locations, while the civic body will develop a common ticketing system for all museums, including the state museum and the tribal museum.
the craft museum is a one-of-its-kind facility in odisha.
visitors will love it and we are working out to make it more popular and equip it with better facility for greater experience, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the government has also directed the school and mass education and the higher education departments to organise compulsory museum visits for school and college students in the city.
the museum reminds us of our rich culture and it should be taught to our younger generations, said social worker alok kar.
garbage lying near the urinal at old bus stand in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 4: the capital city has been ranked 94th, while cuttack occupied the 204th position in swachh survekshan-ii in which 434 cities from across the country took part.
nine cities from the state had taken part in the survey.
while bhubaneswar tops the state, rourkela was ranked 168, berhampur was 187, balasore 190, puri, 194, baripada, 261, sambalpur, 322 and bhadrak 349.
while indore from madhya pradesh topped the survey with an overall score of 1,808, bhubaneswar managed to secure 1,254 out of a total of 2,000 marks.
the shortcomings of the city were the absence of a waste processing plant, a landfill site and non-implementation of onsite waste processing facility of bulk waste generators.
we have been trying to set up a waste treatment plant at bhuasuni.
but that is not happening because of protests by the local people.
this has been one of our biggest failures that reflected in the result.
we hope that the protesters realise that their opposition to the project is damaging the image of the city, said a civic body official.
bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena receives the swachh survekshan ii award from union minister of urban development m. venkaiah naidu in new delhi.
telegraph picture however, civic body officials are happy to have improved their rank.
the competition was bigger this time with 500 cities and we gave our best.
in the 2014 survey, we had ranked 331.
this time we are in the top hundred.
it is indeed a proud moment, but it doesn't mean that we will stop working to make the city cleaner, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the survey of 476 cities was carried out shortly after launch of the swachh bharat campaign in 2014.
cuttack, which has been struggling to maintain a clean environment due to its old urban design, performed quite well in the survey this time as compared to its 2014 performance.
the city, which stood 296th then, has climbed to 204 now.
cuttack managed to secure 977 out of 2,000.
bhubaneswar had taken part in the first swachh survekshan last year and secured the 24th position among 74 participating cities.
bhubaneswar, april 5: sarojini swain, a resident of rangamatia, could be forgiven for thinking she had been transported back to those days when getting from her residence to other areas used to be painful experience.
she thought her commuting woes had been addressed when the city bus service was extended to her area last may, following repeated demands.
but it was stopped after two months.
since then, we have been making constant demands for resumption of the service, said sarojini's husband vivekanand.
the couple are not the only ones facing such a problem.
most rangamatia and jharapada residents have to deal with autorickshaws and private operators because bhubaneswar-puri transport services limited (bptsl) is yet to extend the service to their areas.
many depend on their own vehicles.
some even walk the distance from vss nagar in the absence of other modes of transport.
residents took up the issue with chief secretary aditya prasad padhi and housing and urban development secretary g. mathi vathanan.
they sought their intervention into the matter and urged them to introduce the service.
earlier, the bptsl had buses plying between dumduma and rangamatia (no.
405).
officials later decided to terminate the service near the hanuman temple at vss nagar instead of rangamatia, which is about 800m from the location.
residents said commuting from the area was a huge problem.
sarojini said about 10,000 residents of the area suffered because of the administration's lax attitude.
we face a lot of problems while commuting to schools, colleges, markets, hospitals and offices.
our appeals have fallen on deaf ears, she said.
residents of jharpada, who have also demanded the service to be extended to their area, face similar problems.
the lack of public transport makes it difficult for the people and daily-wage earners to commute to the city central, said jharpada resident pratap chandra mishra.
the residents here demand a bus service from sbi colony at jharpada to master canteen square through mahadev nagar, jharpada village, jharpada jail, laxmi sagar, cuttack road, kalpana, rajmahal, ag square and pmg square.
they calculated that the route could be covered in one hour because of the good condition of the road.
the entire city will be connected shortly with the addition of 500 more buses.
we will also consider the demands of rangamatia residents to resume the service to their area, said the mayor.
a bptsl official said decrease in the number of commuters to rangamatia forced them to curtail the route.
we cannot run the bus with four to five passengers.
we took this into consideration and decided to shorten the route and terminate the bus at vss nagar instead of rangamatia.
however, we will look into the matter once again, he said.
mayor anantanarayanjena congratulates k shanti after her election as deputy mayor of bhubaneswar municipal corporation on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, feb.
5: k. shanti of the bjd today became deputy mayor of the municipal corporation.
the 37-year-old shanti was declared the winner after the authorities received only her nomination paper today.
chief minister naveen patnaik announced his choice in the morning.
shanti is representing bjb nagar (ward no.
56) in the 67-member bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
she is a two-term councillor.
like mayor anantanarayanjena , she, too, was picked up by naveen for the coveted post.
the bjd high command had asked all the councillors to come over to the chief ministers residence in the morning as many councillors were busy campaigning for party candidates at cuttack and baripada, which are going to the polls tomorrow.
reacting to her selection by the party chief for the post, shanti said she would work hard for slum dwellers, and especially, for them to ensure dwelling units under the rajiv awas yojana.
the yojana units at mainsikhal and pathara bandha basti will be my priority areas, she said.
a student of kamala nehru womens college at unit-ii, she completed her higher secondary education in arts and was teaching at shantanu english medium school as a teacher.
in 2008, she quit the job after becoming a councillor.
she has been working for the development of the citys slums.
daughter of m. mallesu rao, a grassroots-level politician of the bjd from kalpana, shanti has a modest upbringing inside the kalpana labour colony.
i have seen the problems faced by slum dwellers from close quarters.
i am worried about the health and education of kids staying there.
this will also be priority area during my tenure as a deputy mayor, she said.
she lives in her house with her husband and two sons.
while her elder son is studying btech at a city-based college, the younger one is in class vi.
shantis mother and brother also stay with her.
election officer for the corporation polls and additional district magistrate of bhubaneswar manoj kumar patnaik said: with the election of the deputy mayor, the election process is over.
i will send the formal report to the housing and urban development department.
former deputy mayor bharati singh said: naveen babu is the ultimate decision-maker in the party, and we are happy that an efficient grassroots-level worker has got an opportunity to serve the city.
another contender to the deputy mayors post mahamaya swain said: i had never been in the race.
the media only circulated my name.
all women councillors will come forward to help shanti towards executing the responsibilities.
on the next meeting of the corporation council, the mayor said: first, the councillors will be chosen for various select committees.
after that the first meeting of the council will be notified.
the process for election of the deputy mayor had started after the notification was issued by the mayors office.
the election process started today from 10am and the result was announced later in the day.
sandeep mishracivic sweepers in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will introduce mechanised sweeping of the main arterial roads by august - an initiative that is supposed to maintain cleanliness, and at the same time, ease burden on the corporation's sweepers.
to implement the plan, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has divided the city into two parts, for which two mechanical sweeping machines will be procured.
in the first part, the civic body aims to cover 36km, while in the second one, there are 26 stretches covering 44km in various parts of the city.
the corporation will cover 80km of roads under mechanised sweeping.
the first part will cover stretches such as kiit square to patia square, power house square to stewart school square, gopabandhu square to siripur square, jayadev vihar square to vani vihar square, fire station square to khandagiri square and delta square to ganga nagar square among others.
in the second part, roads such as museum square to garage squ-are, ag square to governor house square, ravindra mandap square to 120 battalion square, sishu bhavan square to capital hospital square and maushi maa square to state museum square among others will be covered.
we already maintain sanitation with two private agencies.
the upcoming one will boost the mission further.
the corporation has floated a tender for the job and prepared the plan to undertake the activities.
we have prepared a detailed report for the agency.
since it is going to be implemented for the first time here, we have prepared the concept plan with much details, said a civic official.
the civic body sweeping activities across main roads twice, but there is a need to constantly monitor the cleanliness.
i have seen mechanised sweeping in chandigarh, and it yields results.
the roads there are clean at almost all times of the day.
i hope we will see the same results here once mechanised sweeping starts, said unit-ii resident manoj hota.
surya nagar resident nirakar mishra said the main roads were clear of waste, but construction materials were piled up on roadsides at various parts.
it is not always about solid waste, but the civic body should look after the piling of construction and demolition waste on roadsides to maintain cleanliness and save commuters from accident-like situation, said mishra, a retired government employee.
though the introduction of mechanical sweeping machines instil a fear among street sweepers of losing their jobs, civic authorities have assured them of not disengaging anyone.
there is no need to fear about losing jobs.
we are not going to take anyone's job, said the mayor.
our correspondentslow progress: one of the parks being developed under the amrut scheme at satya nagar in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: residents will have to wait for some more time to enjoy the new green spaces in the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is slowing down in completing the work on parks planned under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme.
the projects' slow progress was revealed during a monthly review meeting of the housing and urban development department.
so far the authorities had completed work on one of the eight parks.
we held a review meeting and looked after the status.
in bhubaneswar, work on only one park has completed, while the others are facing either some kind of local problem or manpower issues, said a senior official of the department.
all the parks are running behind scheduled except the one at dumduma, work on which got completed and will shortly be thrown open to public.
the dumduma park project started in june 2016, while the rest began in 2017.
we have intimated the civic body to look into the matter on priority basis, said the official.
according to the project status, the parks at niladri vihar, sailashree vihar and kanan vihar showed 12, 32 and 22 per cent progress, respectively, while the ones at baramunda showed a significant progress at 98 per cent.
however, the work stopped there because of inadequate manpower by the agency and local issues of the residents.
we are committed to complete such projects on time.
we have told the executing agencies to come to us whenever they face any problem.
we will definitely look after the local issues faced by the contractors, while the manpower factors need to be resolved by themselves, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body has been entrusted to construct 17 parks across the city under the amrut scheme.
sailashree vihar resident suchismita mishra said they had been depending on the buddha jayanti park for spending some leisure time.
however, the work pace is not at all satisfactory, said mishra, a home-maker.
our correspondenta student presents innovative ideas for smart urban living in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the smart city administration on friday organised a workshop where 130 students from 11 institutions presented their ideas on how to better urban living here.
the daylong programme was held following a series of entries for it from various government and private institutes across the city.
the best two entries from each institute took part in friday's event.
the students displayed various projects on issues ranging from solid waste management, safety of women, protection of senior citizens, traffic management, alternative energy sources, automated streetlights, vending machine for sanitary napkins, peepal plantation, talking dustbins, treatment of waste water to bridging the digital divide.
the smart cities mission is concerned about not only urban infrastructure development but also social development.
we are working for the people.
so, it is important to take their views while undertaking various development works.
we will include the ideas we received today in our projects, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
in the solid waste management category, a concept of glowing bins was displayed that aimed to enable citizens to use dustbins even after sunset.
there are also ideas to use cyano-bacteria for wastewater management and mobile application to enable citizens to identify areas needing immediate cleaning.
a demonstration was put on smart dustbins that automatically compress solid waste to make space for more waste.
in the digital divide section, an idea was displayed to set up a kiosk to help bridge digital divide by making it accessible to all, including the blind and the illiterate people.
a group also presented an idea of underwater sensors in drains that would help civic body identify blockage areas during heavy rain.
i, along with my friends, demonstrated an idea on smooth management of solid waste but with an innovation.
we hope that our model will be put up for greater use of public, said a student who took part in the event.
the city bus terminal at pokhariput in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 19: the municipal corporation here is set to develop five new bus depots to accommodate 500 more vehicles in the coming years.
at present the city has only one bus depot at pokhariput.
in a recent development, the municipal commissioner and managing director of bhubaneswar smart city limited krishan kumar wrote to the general administration department asking it to allot five acres of land at five places in the city to develop the new bus depots, each of which will accommodate nearly 100 buses.
according to sources, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has proposed patrapada, ghatikia, patia, nakhara and pandara as locations for the new bus depots.
according to the norms, five acres of land is required to build a bus depot, kumar wrote.
a senior civic body official told the telegraph that the decision to build more depots was taken to bring the city bus service on par with national and international benchmarks.
according to the national benchmark for city bus service, 0.
6 buses are needed for a population of one thousand, the official added.
at present, the city bus services are being maintained by the bhubaneswar puri transport services limited, which has a fleet of 100 vehicles.
as part of the smart city project, the city administration aims to increase the number of buses in the city by another 600.
moreover, german firms are already in the process of assisting the city to revamp its transit services.
we are focussing more on the public transport system under the smart city project.
the city has a population of over 10 lakh and for this there is need of nearly 600 buses.
we have begun developing the existing bus stops and the proposed bus depots are part of our endeavour to provide better transport services to the people, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
there is an urgent need to introduce more city buses.
the present strength is not enough to cater to the needs of the people, said sushil tripathy, a corporate employee.
a large number of people still depend on auto-rickshaws and the rapidly growing cab services, which are fleecing commuters.
more buses have became a necessity for commuters, he said .
to upgrade the city bus service, the civic administration is also developing 100 bus sheds in addition to the proposed depots.
the bus sheds are being revamped in public-private partnership mode and almost 90 per cent of the job has been completed.
our correspondentfriendly ties: mayor anantanarayanjena and deputy mayor k shanti greet cupertino mayor savitha vaidyanathan at biju patnaik international airport in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the city's tourism and heritage potential received a boost with the maiden visit of cupertino mayor savitha vaidyan-athan on friday.
vaidyanathan is the first indian-origin mayor of the city in california, home to the apple headquarters.
sources said vaidya-nathan arrived in the city to discuss steps to strengthen tourism, heritage and infrastructure ties between the cities.
they will also explore possible avenues of collaborations in the ongoing smart city project.
cupertino had adopted bhubaneswar as a sister city in november 2012 for effective co-ordination and interaction in various sectors between the two cities and have been in touch through the cupertino-bhubaneswar sister city initiative.
the cupertino mayor's visit means a lot to us.
after becoming the first smart city in the country, bhubaneswar has created a different image across the globe.
this visit will help us get more attention from sectors such as tourism and information and technology,'' said mayor ananta narayan jena.
through the sister city initiative, individuals and institutions have already been engaged in cupertino and bhubaneswar to create sustainable smart cities through an exchange of environment, economic, educational, cultural and research ideas, expertise and resource.
sources said that during her weeklong stay in the state, vaidyanathan would visit popular tourist destinations, including puri, konark, pipili, dhauli, khandagiri-udayagiri, rajarani temple, berhampur and gopalpur.
she will also address a special session of the civic body on monday.
bhubaneswar is the only indian city adopted by cupertino as a sister city.
its other sister cities are toyokama in japan, hsinchu in taiwan and copertino in italy.
the cupertino city council also observes indian festivals such as holi, diwali and independence day in honour of its ties with bhubaneswar.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the civic body continues to show its inability to restore the bindu sagar at old town even though more than two years have passed since a fresh contractor was hired for the job.
as things stand today, not even a weed has been lifted out of the pond.
in april, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had held a consultative workshop at bindu sagar to take inputs from various stakeholders, including the citizens, to carve out plans for an integrated development of the pond.
the contractor hired for the restoration was also present at the site.
however, seven months have passed, while the pond at ekamrakshetra (ancient name of bhubaneswar's old town) is still waiting to be cleaned and made fit for human use.
plan was also there to restore five peripheral heritage tanks at old town, including the devipadahara, kotitirtha, godipokhari, ganga jamuna and the godavari kund.
it is highly irresponsible on part of the civic authorities to turn a blind eye to the restoration of bindu sagar.
if they continue to do so, time will come when the pond will vanish like many others in the past.
the bindu sagar needs to be restored in a proper manner, said old town resident dibyansh mohapatra.
the municipal corporation had earlier taken many attempts to develop and restore the pond, but only to taste failure.
there were plan to de-weed the pond using the scientific technology, construct walking path on its embankment along with illumination, have sitting benches among others.
in its last attempt, the corporation had hired a gurgaon-based firm in january last year and sanctioned rs 25 lakh to prepare a report for inclusive development of the bindu sagar and its five peripheral ponds.
however, the firm is yet to submit a report resulting in delay in taking up the project.
peeved at the corporation's casual approach, the bjp's state wing had in october held a jal satyagraha, urging the administration to take up the job as soon as possible, but the pleas fall on deaf ears.
the bjp had then alleged gross irregularities and corruption in the project.
the plan is ready, and the firm will shortly going to take up the restoration project.
we need to be careful and take all sorts of measures for an inclusive development of the bindu sagar, said jena.
sandeep mishraa new public toilet on mahatma gandhi marg in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has gifted the city its 100th new toilet within the span of a year.
the housing and urban development department has reviewed the status of existing and new toilets and found that the number of such facilities has increased to 175, which was a mere 75, at the same time last year.
we had a review meeting on the functional toilets in city and came up with comparative data.
we found that the civic body and its partners have constructed and opened 100 new toilets for citizens.
it is indeed an achievement, said a housing and urban development official.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had inked a deal with sulabh international in july last year for construction of about 150 hybrid toilets in the city.
data suggests that about 52 such toilets have already been opened for the public.
besides, 48 toilets have also been constructed under project samman.
it is indeed an achievement of the civic body.
i remember searching for toilet complexes on city streets in vain even a few years ago.
however, the picture has changed.
i can now find toilets almost in every 500 metres, mainly in the areas where footfall is high.
i hope the civic body will maintain the facilities properly, said unit-iii resident viswas panigrahi.
we are taking steps for proper maintenance of the toilets, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
a public toilet constructed under project sammanin bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, oct.
16: the city administration has decided to build public toilets, community toilets and hybrid toilets by the end of next year.
the state housing and urban development department has drawn up a roadmap for the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
it says the construction of hybrid toilets is the main priority followed by the public and community toilets.
while community toilets are solely for the use of slum dwellers, everyone can use public toilets.
the hybrid toilet, which can be used both by slum dwellers by using passes and the general public against a fee, needs only 300ml of water to flush out slush as compared to 10-15 litres in a standard loo.
the maintenance cost is also minimal.
moreover, the toilet complex will have energy efficient led lighting system.
the progress of the projects is disappointing and consequently, we have decided to bring in a mechanism to meet the targets on time.
we have also decided to conduct surprise checks at construction sites without informing the municipal corporation, said an official of the department.
a robust monitoring system has also been put in place as part of which officials will hold weekly review meetings on the progress of the projects.
it has been decided that once the work order for toilet construction is issued, the construction should take four months for completion.
work orders for all the 150 toilets should be distributed by the end of january 2017.
the move comes after the housing and urban development department stood red faced before the union ministry of urban development for not being able to achieve its target at a review meeting of swachh bharat mission where it was revealed that the city is lagging behind in the projects.
the civic body has been set the task to complete the construction of 26 community toilets, 27 public toilets under project samman and 150 hybrid toilets under project amrut.
however, the city administration has so far been able to construct only one public toilet while the progress on the rest is dismal.
the municipal corporation has taken up project samman in 2012 while the hybrid toilet project began in may.
we have so far identified 13 sites across the city for construction of the hybrid toilets.
sulabh will begin work on these toilets shortly and we aim to complete these by the end of this year, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bhubaneswar now has nine public toilets maintained by the civic body while 11 others are being maintained by sulabh international.
according to the guidelines of the world health organisation, a city such as bhubaneswar should have at least one public toilet for every 100 persons.
if we go by this guideline, the city should have around 10,000 public toilets for its close to 10 lakh population, said old town resident gopal maharana.
a bhubaneswar municipal corporation official checks the feedback device.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 16: the civic body has decided to install online feedback devices in all public and community toilets of the city, including those maintained by sulabh international, to monitor sanitation standards of the facility.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had initiated the process in february when it installed 10 such feedback devices in 10 public toilets managed by it.
later, another 45 toilets got the devices to record people's feedback.
the union urban development ministry recently asked the municipal corporation to fix the feedback devices in every public toilet of the city, irrespective of whether it is being maintained by the civic body or not.
we have decided to expand the project after receiving the direction from the ministry.
we will install the devices in each and every public and community toilets in the next three months.
this will help us give better civic service to the citizens, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
a new toilet at sriya square.
picture by ashwinee pati deputy municipal commissioner srimanta mishra said they had already tagged all the public and community toilets maintained by them with a unique code to record and monitor their service levels.
we will now tag every toilet in the city in the same manner to record the users' feedback, said mishra.
the feedback-recording devices will have three buttons - red, yellow and green.
if the users find that a toilet is in bad condition, they can press the red button.
similarly, people are requested to press the green button if they are happy with the cleanliness of any toilet.
yellow button can be pressed for toilets whose maintenance is neither too bad nor too good.
people welcomed the move.
we will provide our feedback.
but, the civic body needs to ensure that they take note of our opinions and work accordingly to maintain the toilets.
if they do not pay heed to our feedback, such modern technology will be of no use, said patia resident rakesh beura.
at present, the civic body maintains 40 community toilets and 32 public toilets across the city, while another 27 public and 26 community toilets are under construction.
besides, the corporation is executing another project, along with the sulabh international, in which they plan to build 150 hybrid toilets within three years.
sandeep mishrain the know: a display board with information on water supply at ag square in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state housing and urban development department will put up large display boards here to provide information regarding the repair and maintenance status of drains and drainage channels.
the led display boards will provide the latest status and the details will include length of the drains, their origin and confluence.
it would also contain information about the number of drains and areas they pass through, details and schedule of their periodic cleaning.
the department has already installed a few of these boards at various key locations in the city to update people on water supply status.
through these initiatives, the department aims to provide information about various government services.
the people need to know what they are getting - be it water, drain or other civic services - in urban areas.
the government has come up with this mechanism to inform people about the status of various services.
it is their right to know and we are doing it for their benefit, said an official.
at present, the city has 10 natural drainage channels and several peripheral drains that carry wastewater as well as rainwater to the nearby rivers.
each drainage channel carries gallons of water every day, but not many residents had any idea about it.
i had no idea that the government is supplying more than the required amount of water to households.
i got the information from the board installed near ag square.
similarly, i don't know much about the drains.
if the details were displayed, i would at least get to know the city's drainage system, said patia resident rakesh moharana.
the city has many information boards on air quality, water supply status and emergency services.
the information about drains will keep them aware about what we do to maintain the service standards, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
housing and urban development department officials said the state's 111 urban local bodies would also get such display boards in the future.
we have directed our officials to gather information and compile it and we will put it in the system and display those for the public, said another department official.
sandeep mishrabattle lines: a drain under construction at bhoi nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: to instil a sense of competition among urban local bodies, the housing and urban development department has asked them to set their own service level benchmark, achieve those and lobby for incentives from the state government.
the department has framed guidelines and asked the state's urban local bodies to evaluate themselves on those parameters, set the benchmarks and submit it to the department before march 31.
the government will then monitor their performances for granting incentives.
on getting the directive, officials of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation have swung into action.
the civic body wants to bag the incentive that it had lost to the rourkela municipal corporation in the current fiscal.
rourkela defeated bhuban-eswar to emerge as the state's best performing urban local body this year.
we have got the guidelines and direction.
there are certain changes that need to be followed rigorously.
we will coordinate with our allied agencies to frame a roadmap for regaining our title.
we will shortly convene a meeting with them to set the benchmark, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the guidelines state that the civic body will have to show that it has improved its revenue collection, ensured pipe water supply to 100 per cent households, reduced supply of non-revenue water, provided uninterrupted water supply to community and public toilets and disposed of solid waste in a scientific way.
we have increased our revenue collection and identified the defaulters of holding tax and directed them to pay before march 31 or face action.
we are conducting special trade licence camps and have regulated the advertisement tax among others steps.
we are confident that our efforts will yield results, said jena.
similarly, the public health engineering organisation, which is in charge of water supply, has decided to hire an agency to assess the loss of water during transition and install methods to reduce it.
besides, they are in the process to install water meters in houses to boost its revenue.
we are working to improve the city's water supply status.
we are making efforts to reduce water loss and generate revenue by saving it.
we will collaborate with the civic body to conduct a survey of uncovered areas and hold camps there to extend piped water connections to the houses, said pheo superintending engineer c.r. jena.
each year, the housing and urban development department distributes incentives to urban local bodies based on their performance in three categories - best performing municipal corporations, municipalities and notified area councils.
the municipal corporation grant is rs 2 crore, which is likely to be increased this year, sources said.
a representational picture of students at a martial art camp in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 11: the administration plans to give free self-defence training to adolescent girls living in slums in and around the proposed smart city stretch along janpath.
the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) is planning to hire an agency to empower slum girls living in the bhubaneswar town centre district (btcd) area along janpath by giving training them in martial arts.
one of the important initiatives of the smart city project is to make the citizens socially smart and involve them in the planning process.
we have collaborated with united nations population fund and are undertaking various initiatives.
self-defence training for girls is a part of the initiative, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to plans, the bscl will take up the training programme on a pilot basis at eight slums with 320 girls in the first phase.
on completion of the programme, it will be extended to other girls living in the slums along the btcd area.
there are a total of 24 slums on this stretch.
the selected agency will provide training to adolescent girls.
the first phase training will be held in 10 batches with 32 adolescent girls in each batch.
sources said the training would be rigorous and would continue for a minimum of 10 days for each batch.
the agency will be selected through a tender.
a proposal has been invited and we are hopeful to complete the process by the end of july.
the training will begin soon after the tender process gets completed.
we want to hire an expert agency for the programme, said a bscl official.
the selected agency will also create awareness among the girls on various issues.
it will be done in collaboration with police.
the girls will be sensitised about their rights, legal issues and usage of information technology tools.
they will also be trained to tackle emergency situations.
it is a smart move by the bscl to take up such initiatives for the urban poor.
it will help to boost their morale.
it is a necessity to train girls in self-defence and make them stronger, said social worker alok kar, a resident of saheed nagar.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: authorities will remove a temple and a slum settlement around kalinga stadium for smooth conduct of the hockey world cup here in november.
if need be, they will snap power connections to the illegally built temple, said sources.
the authorities have identified the slum near jayadev vihar square and the temple near the stadium's gate no.
9.
though local people have been protesting against the eviction drive, the authorities, this time, have decided to be strict and go ahead with it.
it has asked the electricity authorities to snap power to the temple, and in case of the slum, heavy deployment of police has been sought during the eviction drive.
the authorities have fixed a mid-may deadline to for the job.
we have decided to be strict with the removal of the temple.
in case of the slum, we are in talks with the dwellers, and they will be rehabilitated, said a civic official.
in a letter, sports secretary vishal dev has requested the central electricity supply utility of odisha to disconnect power to the temple and relocate a transformer near it to go ahead with the eviction.
we have decided to remove the temple to pave way for the main access to the stadium's south stand.
besides, it will also be the landing point of the foot overbridge to be constructed, said dev.
in another letter, dev has requested police commissioner y.b. khurania to provide police to civic authorities for the demolition drive.
he stated that it was a time-bound task to be completed by may 15.
some people are influencing the local residents to oppose the temple removal, said a sports department official.
sandeep mishraroad signage at nandan vihar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: problems for residents of nandan vihar, on the city outskirts, continues to linger with the municipal corporation sitting on its decision to take the area within its fold.
residents alleged foul play by top officials for not taking steps to include the area in the jurisdiction of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, despite the panchayat giving its no objection to its inclusion.
it is sheer injustice on part of the municipal corporation to sit on the file and do nothing concrete to include our area within its boundary, said resident jitesh mahana.
the long wait for inclusion has deprived the area of basic civic service such as proper roads, drains and streetlights.
till the municipal corporation takes the area under its wings, nandan vihar remains a part of kalranhanga gram panchayat, which is 500m away from patia square.
the area has a population of 25000 people.
nandan vihar gained prominence with the inauguration of the netaji subash chandra bose bridge over kuakhai and the ongoing bhubaneswar new railway station project.
however, non-inclusion of the area in civic body limits has led to wastewater overflowing on the road and making it difficult residents to commute.
the road is also in very bad shape.
absence of streetlights turns the area into a hideout for criminals after sunset.
being a panchayat area, sanitation and sweeping activities and door-to-door collection of waste are available here.
waste bins are missing from the locality.
our area has become a sandwich as the surrounding localities are already included in the civic body's boundary.
no proper service is available here, said purna chandra patra, another resident.
residents of nandan vihar demanded the inclusion of their area in the civic body's boundary since 2015.
last year, the panchayat had submitted a no-objection certificate with the khurda district administration.
the housing and urban development department has also asked the municipal corporation to take necessary steps for inclusion of the area before the coming elections.
however, no concrete steps have been taken on the part of the civic officials.
we are aware of the problems, but there is a process to include such areas into our boundary.
i will personally look into the matter and initiate discussion with officials concerned.
we will try to put the proposal at the next council meeting, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
resident sritam kumar moharana said that due to availability of private land, many big and small residential projects, including one by the housing board, had come up in the locality.
some top officials are favouring real estate developers to help them get lands at lower prices.
the developers know that if the area comes under civic limits, land prices will shoot up.
therefore, they don't want that to happen, said sritam.
sandeep mishradistant dreambhubaneswar: the civic body's plan to introduce mobile toilets is yet to take off in the city.
in january last year, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had mooted the plan tagged as toilet on wheels.
in february this year, the municipal corporation received rs 25.
29 lakh as loan from the odisha urban infrastructure development fund for grounding the project within a year.
initially, it had been decided to have concrete base and a moveable upper structure for the toilets.
but, sources said, the plan could not materialise because of the irregular planning.
later, it was decided to use scrapped buses for the project, but here again, the civic body failed as it was yet to get such structures.
we have decided to use the scrapped buses for the project.
we are in the process of getting such structures.
moreover, we will hire an expert agency to operate and maintain the toilets.
we will prepare a report and go ahead with the project, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
however, the corporation has not been able to give any suitable answer as to why none of the plans has yet been materialised.
the civic body had planned to introduce such toilets in order to ensure proper sanitation and cleanliness across the city.
the structures will remain moveable, and these will be easy to shift to elsewhere in no time.
such projects are already there in pune.
we have approved the toilet on wheel project and provided the required grant to the civic body to execute it within the deadline.
we had a meeting, and there we discussed on the delay of the project.
we had also asked the civic body officials to expedite its execution, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
sources said the corporation had got the amount from the urban development fund at an annual interest rate of 9.
5 per cent for three years.
accordingly, the civic body will have to pay about rs 2.
5 lakh towards its interest.
we have taken the loan, and it will be repaid on time, said a senior civic body official.
damana resident mahima acharya said the corporation was wasting money like that in many projects.
they make plans and vanish during their execution.
it's time they have to show the utilisation status of the fund, or else it will be taken back, said acharya, a retired government employee.
our correspondentunder scanner: garbage dumped at unit-ii in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has decided to develop an online portal, which will be working at the state level, to monitor sanitary activities taken up under the centre's swachh bharat mission.
the odisha computer application centre will develop the portal to be designed in line with similar portals developed by the centre for monitoring of the activities under the cleanliness mission.
the decision was taken to ensure error-free reporting of the activities in urban local bodies.
sources said construction of individual household latrines, community toilets, public toilets and their up-to-date status would be put up on the portal every month.
the civic bodies will prepare the report and upload on the portal on the first day of every month.
the report will then be consolidated at the state level and fed into the portal of the centre for discussion in subsequent review meetings at their level.
earlier, the reports used to be complied manually and uploaded on the centre's portal that often led to confusions, said a department official.
officials said they had faced difficulties earlier in receiving the data and compiling the same in time - for which the portal was planned.
it will work in three tiers - first at the urban local body level, then at the commissioner's level, and at last, at the state level.
the official said that with the help of the local portal, it would be easier for them to monitor the activities locally and make various decisions to improve before going up to the centre's level.
it will be developed by the centre and hopefully go live in a month or two, he said.
the computer centre's officials said they were preparing a pilot portal for the purpose.
we will prepare a format, which will be used by the local authorities to fill the data before feeding it on the portal.
it will be equipped with alert mechanism for the concerned civic officials to ensure timely action, said an it official working in the centre.
mayor anantanarayanjena welcomed the state government's move and said the online monitoring system would come handy for them to manage the data.
we are monitoring the cleanliness of the toilets through online feedback devices.
a database at this time will definitely be very helpful, he said.
officials at a consultative workshop organised by the bhubaneswar development authority for its empanelled architects.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 24: the development authority has organised a consultative workshop for its empanelled architects here to create awareness among them on the new building plan approval system.
more than 50 architects yesterday attended the workshop held in the conference hall of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
the architects also provided their inputs for the new system.
under the state government's ease of doing business policy, the new building plan approval system will be facilitated online through a common application form.
earlier, the applicants had to apply to multiple agencies to get the no-objection certificates before finally applying to the bhubaneswar development authority or the civic body for getting approval of their building plans.
under the new system, the onus of getting the no-objection certificates from various agencies lies with the development authority and the corporation.
the builder will just have to apply to them for plan approval through a common application form.
the authorities have also decided that various agencies concerned would issue no-objection certificates within seven days to ensure a speedy completion of the process.
if any agency delays in issuing the certificates, the civic authorities may now give the building plan approval nod to the applicant without waiting for the no-objection from the agency concerned.
the required payments for the online approval process will also be accepted online.
we have drafted the common application form rules.
our aim here is to provide the approval at the earliest.
the earlier system was tardy and time consuming.
the new one will save a lot of time and money of the applicants, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the demonstration of the new system started here from today.
a 10-member group of architects has been formed to carry out the test-run process.
software firm ilfs, which is developing the program for the new system, will provide technical assistance.
the suggestions obtained from the trial run will be placed before the state government for consideration.
it is a welcome move of the administration to ease the process of building plan approval.
in the earlier system, a minimum of 80 days was needed to get the final approval.
the new system will prompt various agencies concerned to act in time and provide no-objection certificates, which is necessary to go ahead with any project, said real estate developer sangram nayak.
sandeep mishranew look: the under-construction parks at saheed nagar in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the smart city's implementing agency has come up with a plan for inclusive maintenance of the three new parks at saheed nagar by hiring a single expert agency.
the civic body is close to completing development of the three smart parks and bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) has invited bidders for the job.
sources said the tender process would be over by march, while the facilities would be thrown open to the public in the first week of april.
officials have also devised rules to maintain staff members and the visitors.
the bscl and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had taken up the development of a park district at saheed nagar last year and chose to equip the triangular park, omc-bda park and the robot park with smart tools.
the respective housing societies used to maintain these three general parks.
after development, there is a need for additional help and a selected agency will do the work on our behalf.
we have also come up with a set of rules to maintain safety and security, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to the rules, visitors will not be allowed to take outside food or beverage, but have to buy those from the dedicated food courts in the parks.
the agency will also maintain a registry to record visitors' information to avoid any criminal activities inside the parks.
our other parks do not have such rules.
as a result, those facilities fall prey to various problems.
we don't want to replicate our mistakes and have decided to take up all safety measures.
we also plan to use these parks for various awareness camps, said jena.
once opened, these parks will provide facilities such as open-air gyms with an air walker, sit-up benches, air swing, twister, gliders, parallel bars and big-shoulder wheel among others.
besides, the parks will have watchtowers for visitors to admire the surrounding areas.
the parks will also have electronic signage to provide real-time information about events, as well as pollution levels, traffic, weather and other local parameters.
two boys pass by an open manhole over drainage channel no.
6 at chintamaniswar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, feb.
20: residents of the city are plagued with civic problems such as poor sanitation, bad roads and drains as the municipal corporation has reportedly done no work since november last and the new council is yet to meet.
the pre-election mood was evident during meeting of the outgoing council of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation in the last week of november as just about half the councillors attended it.
the model code of conduct came into effect on december 6 last year and continued till january 9.
after civic polls and election of the mayor, election of the cuttack municipal corporation came as another distraction as most of the councillors and the mayor remained busy camping in the neighbouring city and a council meeting could not take place.
we are experiencing a difficult time now.
as the delay is mounting and the general election is already staring at us, i think developments will completely be neglected if the corporation does not start functioning immediately, said nayapalli resident bijay mishra.
jali gali at chniatamaniswar needs immediate attention of the civic body.
yesterday, an inebriated man fell into the drainage channel no.
6 and hurt himself.
the iron grills on the road have been missing since phailin struck and no repairs have been done ever since, mishra said.
local residents threatened to go to police against councillor amaresh jena for negligence.
i have assured them that work will begin once the council starts functioning, jena said.
the drainage job is the water resources departments responsibility and the civic body has to co-ordinate with it.
this co-ordination, however, is not possible in the absence of a city engineer, who is the head of the engineering wing at the corporation.
but, a person in the rank of superintending engineer is posted there.
the post has been lying vacant over the past three months.
this has affected the decision-making process at the top level in the engineering wing of the civic administration.
senior councillor and former chairman of the standing committee on sanitation seikh nizammudin said: last sunday, the shower exposed the lacunae as many drains were yet to be de-silted.
also, the solid waste management process is in a shambles.
with the focus shifting to the lok sabha and assembly elections, if the centre declares the general election in february or the first week of march, it will again be a difficult task for the municipal corporation to meet the peoples expectations.
the overall sanitation mess might create more vector-borne diseases, he said.
municipal corporation secretary debashish mohanty, who is in charge of the affairs of the municipal council, said: first, the members of the standing committees will be nominated.
once the committees are formed and their chairmen elected, a date would be fixed for the council meeting.
at present, the municipal corporation has eight standing committees to carry out work in various spheres.
the panels are for public health, power supply drainage and environment, public works, planning and development, taxation finance and accounts, education, recreation and culture, licence and appeals, contracts, corporation establishment and grievance and social justice.
our correspondenta new toilet complex built in bhubaneswar under project samman.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has completed the construction of 44 toilet complexes that can accommodate 264 people in total at a time in various parts of the city under project samman.
we have targeted the slum settlements for construction of the toilet complexes.
so far we have completed the construction of 17 community toilets in some major slum areas.
we have also constructed 27 public toilets for use of the general public, said a civic official.
the civic body has engaged sanitation committees in each of the wards for operation, maintenance and supervision of the toilet complexes.
the committees have also been entrusted to create awareness among slum-dwellers to stop open defecation and make use of these toilets.
the state government has directed the civic body to complete the construction of 100 more toilet complexes in various parts of the city before commencement of the men's hockey world cup in november.
with the addition of 44 toilets, the city now has around 120 functional toilet complexes.
we pledge to ensure access to safe, dignified and reliable sanitation solutions for both slum residents and visitors to the city, besides curbing the ills of open defecation.
we have planned to construct nine more toilets under project samman.
the rest will be done under the hybrid toilet project, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bhubaneswar, june 8: the civic body will shortly identify low-lying areas that are prone to waterlogging during monsoon and expedite the cleaning work of natural drains there.
a plan drawn up by the bhubaneswar municipal corporation mentioned that it would shortly form a team to identify the areas that are prone to waterlogging.
the civic body will also set up a control room in its office that will monitor various operations during emergencies arising out of incessant rain.
a senior official of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation said that mobile squads would also be put into operation, which would inspect the drains on a daily basis and clear any obstacles that might come in the way of smooth flow of sewage.
the squad will carry mobile pumps to evacuate floodwater, said the official, adding that high-capacity pumps would also be made available for other emergency situations.
we will ensure lifting of garbage from every part of the city.
waste bins will be put up in every nooks and corners and people should dump their household garbage in the bins and not on roadsides, jena added.
as part of a long-term flood mitigation plan, the municipal corporation has also decided to impose a ban on the use of plastic as it was found that many drains were clogged due to deposition of plastic waste.
plastic is a major waste that resulted in chocking of drains.
we are soon going to frame by-laws under the new plastic waste management rules that will ensure ban on plastic, said jena.
it was decided at a recent meeting that the drainage division in cuttack would float tenders for cleaning the ten natural drainage channels in the city on behalf of the civic body, as the proposed drainage division in the civic body is yet to be functional due to non-recruitment of staff.
a good monsoon with incessant showers always makes life difficult for residents in the low-lying areas at acharya vihar, nayapalli, behera sahi, jayadev vihar, bhimatangi, jagamohan nagar, bomikhal, laxmi sagar, soubhagya nagar, palasuni and old town.
construction activities, such as work on railway overbridges at bomikhal, saheed nagar, vss nagar and pokhariput, also contribute to waterlogging on the major thoroughfares, making passage difficult for commuters.
various road and drain construction works at niladri vihar, sailashree vihar and a few other places also pose a threat of waterlogging.
rain is a boon for many.
but for us, it is a bane.
we suffer due to waterlogging every year.
the city administration always draws up lofty plans before the onset of monsoon.
we will have to wait and see if the present plans would bring us relief, said sampad mohanty, a student who lives at acharya vihar.
the civic body also plans to put up alternative drinking water and power supply lines for those living in the low-lying areas.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has launched four more public and community toilets here on wednesday, including one for third genders which is the first of its kind in the state.
the toilets have been built at panda kudia in ward no.
23, prasanti vihar in ward no.
1 and jalimunda sahi in ward no.
2.
the toilet complex for the third gender has come up at vani vihar.
the toilet complex at prashanti vihar is the biggest with 12 seats and has been executed under project samman, while the other three were built with funds from atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut).
the hybrid toilets have universal access facility, including provisions for children and persons with disabilities.
there are ramps in each toilet for better accessibility.
it is a welcome move of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to consider all sections of the society for its infrastructure projects, said social worker alok mohanty.
we are committed to provide quality civic service to citizens here.
once public toilets were inadequate in number, however we have successfully increased the count.
by march next year, the number of toilets operated by the municipal corporation will become 150, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrabalancing act: a biker negotiates a waterlogged stretch at rajmahal square in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: heavy rain accompanied by a thunderstorm that lashed the city for about three hours on wednesday brought life to a standstill as people were stranded across the state capital.
office-goers were among the worst-hit as the shower began just when they were leaving home for the workplace.
the rain started around 9am and continued till noon, inundating low-lying areas and parts of nh-5.
people were seen wading through waterlogged streets near iskcon temple, fire station square and baramunda.
i was on my way to baramunda to board a bus to balasore for work, but couldn't cross fire station square because of the rain.
i took shelter under the flyover for nearly two hours.
i suffered a huge loss today, said gaja vihar resident preet mohapatra.
the waterlogged national highway compounded people's problems as the stretch continues to go under water despite civic measures to check the problem.
i am tired of reliving this situation, said faisal khan, a garage owner at nayapalli.
khan was stranded near jayadev vihar and couldn't reach the other side of the highway to open his shop.
this is not the first time that i am witnessing such a situation.
i face huge losses during the rains as the area near iskcon temple goes under and blocks my way to the shop.
bhubaneswar regional met centre director sarat chandra sahu said the rain was caused by a nor'wester concentrated thundercloud that formed over the odisha-andhra pradesh border.
it approached the city steadily and triggered the rainfall.
the heat and humidity of the past two days also contributed to this morning's rain.
it is likely to recur over the next few days, he said.
bhubaneswar received 68mm rain, according to met records, while cuttack received 32.
8mm.
the situation in cuttack and puri also reached an alarming state as low-lying areas, including the grand road in puri, went under rainwater.
tourists to puri and konark had difficulty dealing with the rain.
however, he said, wherever they learned of such situations, they sent officials to tackle it.
we are ready to tackle any situation.
the met centre has already predicted a squall accompanied by hail and gusty surface wind with speeds reaching up to 60k per hour for the costal belt, including bhubaneswar.
we have put the agencies and people concern on alert about the weather change, said sahu.
sandeep mishrastay clean: children conduct a cleanliness audit in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: a group of 25 children posing as swachhagrahis conducted a swachhata audit in 15 slums of the city, including siripur basti and radha krushna basti, and assessed about 3,104 households covering a population of about 20,000.
the children have submitted findings to the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and asked it to address the solid waste management and toilet issues in the slums.
our aim is to sensitise citizens on the need to have a clean surrounding and adopt safe sanitation measures.
while conducting the survey in the slums and its people, we also organised group discussion and encouraged people to use dustbins and stop open defecation, said a child leader.
according to the findings, 35.
8 per cent slums do not have a dumping place for solid waste.
about 51.
8 per cent places, where dumping places are available, are not cleaned regularly.
it was further revealed that 4.
9 per cent such dumping places in the slums had never been cleaned at all.
moreover, the data extracted from the nearby anganwadi kendras revealed that about 78 children were suffering from worm issue, weight loss and poor physical health.
about 22 children from these slums suffer from skin disease due to unhygienic sanitation practice, sources said.
we put major focus on slum population since they are vulnerable to various kinds of problems due to lack of awareness.
we will work on the findings of the child leaders and overcome the lacunae, he said.
the children also submitted a seven-point recommendation to the civic body to overcome the problems faced by the slums.
bhubaneswar, april 26: the municipal corporation plans to launch a drive to close as many as 315 unlicensed meat shops-cum-slaughterhouses operating in various parts of the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation wants to abide by the 2014 order of the supreme court that says there should not be any unlicensed meat shops operating in any urban local bodies in the country.
only authorised slaughterhouses with modern facilities should be allowed, it had said.
according to official information, the city now has close to 630 roadside slaughterhouses, of which 315 do not have licences.
we have already finished our survey in 45 wards and identified such meat shops that will be closed down.
it is mandatory for the meat shops to register with us if they want to run their business in the city, said bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said that the city administration had already initiated the process to build two modern meat markets at unit-iv and ghatikia in the city, apart from one modern slaughterhouse.
he said land was being identified to set up seven more meat markets.
we want to ensure hygiene and safety of our citizens and this is why we have built the modern abattoir at gadkana.
due to local opposition, the work had been halted in the past.
the issues have been resolved now and work on the construction of the abattoir is going smoothly, said the mayor.
iqbal qureshi, a meat-shop owner on the national highway-16, asked: each of the modern meat markets that the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is constructing can only accommodate 30 shops while our number is more than 600.
what will happen to the others?
on the issue of accommodating all meat-shop owners, mayor jena had hinted that they would try to open one shop at every ward and said there would be a portal specially designed for meat-shop owners where they would be linked with aadhaar and would be monitored on a regular basis for hygiene.
the corporation should ensure there are enough hygienic meat shops in every locality, said tukuna baliyarsingh, a resident of rasulgarh.
our correspondentindira gandhi park in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: residents can provide their suggestions or inputs to the city administration, based on which they will make efforts to improve the ambience at the parks here.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the bhubaneswar development authority, along with other allied agencies, have started the initiative and are asking for inputs from the citizens about the usability and needs of various parks located in the city.
the administration has begun an online survey, where citizens could make their contribution.
to make the survey more popular and get succeeded in the initiative, the administration has put the link of the assessment survey on various social media platforms, including facebook and twitter.
we have constantly improving the facilities at various parks and such efforts have made the places more happening nowadays.
we want to continue providing good services, for which we have initiated the survey.
anyone can visit the link and submit their inputs.
we will make efforts to live up to the expectation, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the survey, which is being done using google service, will ask the citizens their names, ages, number of family members, duration of stay in the city, reasons for not visiting any parks, frequency of visiting parks, what needs to be added, names of their favourite parks and preferable time of visiting the facilities among others.
certain parks have become favourite places for the people as we introduced the open air gyms, skating rinks, acupressure pathways among others.
we have increased the timings of the parks for this reason.
we want to make the parks more happening by improving its ambience further, said chief horticulturist of the development body a.n. dhar.
surya nagar resident prabhat sharma said the parks were good places to spend your leisure time and the administration was doing well in maintaining the facilities, but it had to be done with the smaller parks as well.
the bigger parks are well maintained with added facilities, but it is not the same with colony parks, said sharma.
youngsters stage a play on cleanliness drive at bhubaneswar railway station.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, oct.
21: the city is gearing up to take part in the second edition of the swachh survekshan next january.
in order to sensitise the stakeholders, including various voluntary organisations, bhubaneswar will host a regional-level workshop tomorrow with nine cities from chhattisgarh and the same number from odisha to take part in the national-level survey this time.
in the first edition of the cleanliness survey that was held in january, bhubaneswar had competed with 73 other cities of the country and ranked 24th.
we are steadily improving.
we are in process of setting up adequate number of trash bins, toilets and other such facilities to ensure cleanliness.
our officials have also come up with plans to expedite the process of making the city free from open defecation by march 2018, said jena.
bhubaneswar municipal corporation has now entrusted the construction of individual household latrines with voluntary organisations that will monitor the construction and be responsible to sensitise people to use these.
the administration has also formed a team to monitor the speedy construction of the proposed hybrid toilets in the capital city.
it is a timely move of the government to come up with such alternative plans to achieve the targets under the swachh bharat mission.
the city lacks adequate toilets, and because of the large number of slums, open defecation is rampant.
the slum dwellers should be provided with enough toilets as soon as possible, said dumduma resident gyanaranjan hota, a teacher by profession.
a senior civic body official said they had called upon all stakeholders, including the interested voluntary organisations, in tomorrow's workshop.
we will prepare a rigorous plan and try our level best to complete construction of as many hybrid toilets and household latrines as possible by the end of the year, said the official.
in the national-level survey this time, the cities will be judged on the basis of planned and unplanned colonies, cleanliness in commercial and market areas and most importantly, feedback from the citizens.
the survey this time will witness the participation of nearly 500 cities from across the country.
the objective of the survey is to encourage large-scale citizen participation and create awareness among the masses about the importance of a clean and green city, said another civic body official.
niladri vihar resident sumeet mishra said that the competition this time was bigger and it was a crucial time for bhubaneswar to live up to the expectations especially after being chosen as the first city to be taking up under the smart city scheme.
the municipal corporation should put the facilities in place to ensure cleanliness and we are always here to support them in their efforts, he said.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the civic body's plan to construct three permanent offices for three of its administrative zones in the state capital is steadily getting delayed as the administration is finding it difficult to start the project.
the officials had first initiated the process in december last year and invited proposals from eligible consultants who would design the office building at first before going to the ground level job.
however, the attempt failed forcing the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to float the tender again to get a different agency for the job now.
sources said that not many agencies had taken part in the first bidding that forced the civic body to withdraw from the process.
there were some flaws in the tender document that was revealed during a pre-bid meeting.
hence, we had to withdraw the proposal and make necessary amendments in it, said a civic official.
at present, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has its headquarters at goutam nagar and three other zonal offices at rental colony, chandrasekharpur and old town respectively.
while it has its own building for its headquarters, the three zonal offices are functioning from rented buildings.
civic officials admit that the zone offices have lessened the burden on headquarters and ease the service delivery to the citizens.
these offices handle works, including grievance handling and tax collection, among others.
the zonal offices are important.
that is why we have decided to strengthen the facilities, said the official.
apart from having problems in getting a consultant for designing office buildings, the civic body also faced hurdles in clearing the land identified for construction of the offices in different parts of the city.
the enforcement squad freed the land at jagamara in april for construction of the southwest zone office after several eviction attempts.
the land problem has already resolved.
there were major problems at jagamara while the other two had minor problems.
we have now floated a fresh tender to get the consultant and will get the design by september.
we will take up the building work soon after that, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body invited proposal for selecting the consultant, which will design the north zone office to come up at chandrasekharpur and southwest zone office at jagamara.
search is still on to identify a suitable site for the southeast zone office.
a senior civic official said that there were plans to construct three similar-looking buildings for all three offices.
the size of the land and the building will remain the same and there will be uniformity in construction.
we have got two lands for two of the offices and also asked the general administration department to allot us another patch of land, he said.
sandeep mishracommuter woes: unauthorised markets in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: unauthorised markets and makeshift shops coming up along roads across the city have put commuters to risk but the authorities remain indifferent to the situation.
these shops mostly dot the roads that emerge from the arterial stretches and are narrow.
these shops have encroached the roads and choked the stretches.
this often leads to traffic congestion and trigger accidents.
parking of vehicles has also become a problem for shoppers because of the encroachment.
these markets are operating for years and this has gave them popularity with shoppers from the neighbouring areas and even other parts of the city.
the fish markets of sampur, tankanpani road, nayapalli, and rasulgarh are also huge hit with shoppers.
the fish market here comes alive on wednesday, friday and sunday.
the market narrows down the road making it difficult for us to move on the road or park vehicles.
the civic body should do something to ease traffic congestion in this part of the city, said sampur resident nirakar mohanty.
things become difficult for teachers and students of sos children's village of sampur since the fish market operates right beside the boundary wall of the school.
this unauthorised fish market has not only posed a threat to road safety, but have also affected school functioning.
it should be removed, said soma ambaly, a visiting faculty to sos.
the fish market is a major problem for smooth flow of vehicles, particularly ambulances that use the stretch as it connects to a popular private hospital.
the ambulances have a tough time negotiating the congestion on days the market operates, said biren hota, a shopkeeper.
similar problem persists for residents of nayapalli, rasulgarh and tankapani.
we need these markets, but such encroachment is turning out to be dangerous for commuters.
it also goes against the spirit of a smart city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation should evict them but at the same time ensure their proper rehabilitation, said tankapani resident pratima patra, a homemaker.
there will be inclusiveness in the neighbourhood markets.
we will rehabilitate the vendors there.
about, the one in sampur, we have almost completed construction of the wet market there, vendors will shortly get their place, said jena.
our correspondenta signage identifying the lakshmaneswar temple in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: a year after it was planned, the municipal corporation has finally initiated the process to install a new set of signage to mark heritage properties located in the city's old town, popularly known as ekamra kshetra.
the new signage will have route direction, information and location map of the city's heritage structures.
the bhubaneswar development authority (bda) has prepared the signage design that imbibes the kalingan style of temple architecture.
the information on the signage will be in odia, hindi and english.
the administration will spend rs 2.
75 crore to prepare and install 521 signage.
the route signage will be installed at major crossings, near the entry points of residential streets and on walls of narrow lanes.
the location signage, which will have information regarding the year of construction, will be placed near the heritage structures.
the signage giving information about the site will be at the entry point of the monuments.
besides, the heritage map will be installed at the entrance to the heritage site to guide visitors around the monument.
the emergency signage will, however, be placed outside the facility and at common points.
we have floated the tender to select the project executor.
the selection will be over by the end of this year and they will be put up hopefully by june next year.
the executor will not only produce the signage, but also install and maintain them, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
at present, the monuments in old town area are dotted with blue-coloured signage that depicts only the name of the sites.
however, with the installation of the new signage, visitors will be able to know the name of the heritage sites and their history.
it is a good move to replace old signage.
the present ones only provide the name of the monument, but we are curious to know more about them.
this makes us depend on a guide.
i hope the new signage will provide enough information about the places, said manorama mishra, a visitor to lingaraj temple here on monday.
a woman smears sindoor on another on the occasion of vijaya dashami in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
revellers made the most of the last day of the durga puja festival that drew to a close on tuesday.
as people thronged various puja pandals, city administration had a tough time handling the crowd.
i came all the way from nayagarh with my family to see durga puja and ravan podi here, said karunakara mohanty, a devotee.
the pujas at jharpada and baramunda remained two of the most favourites with the crowd.
moreover, they are the only two who have been allowed to conduct ravan podi at night.
deputy commissioner of police satyabrata bhoi said that following inspection, jharpada and baramunda were found to be eligible to hold the ravan podi event.
according to supreme court guidelines, the site should be barricaded in a way that onlookers stay at least 100 metres away, said bhoi.
considering the ravan podi event at nayapalli, the city administration have decided to divert vehicles on the way from cuttack to khurda to crp square via jayadev vihar and power house square.
similarly, road from vani vihar square to rupali square would be closed due to ravan podi at saheed nagar.
police have also tightened security and asked the puja committees to begin immersion rituals as early as 8am tomorrow.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation on the other hand has dug up two more artificial ponds for immersion.
with this there are five such ponds that have been prepared for the purpose.
the civic body had dug up one such pond at river kuakhai, two at daya and one each at tankapani road and chandaka.
as many as 30 idols could be immersed in each single pond, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: civic officials on wednesday held a preparatory meeting with stakeholders to chalk out plans for the khandagiri mela this month.
the officials put focus on security and fire safety measures at the venue for the annual carnival.
the fair will be held between january 24 and february 2.
this is one of the biggest fairs in the state capital.
a number of vendors and visitors will come to the fair and it is our duty to provide them with basic security and services.
we have decided to prepare the venue and ensure safety and security, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
officials will also conduct eviction drives around the venue to remove encroachments.
during the meet, the officials planned to set up parking space, water kiosks and mobile toilets at the venue.
police will install cctv cameras in and around the venue.
a sweeper on duty in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 2: the municipal corporation has introduced biometric attendance system to ensure regular and punctual attendance of its employees.
the civic body had installed three biometric machines at its main building, tax section and engineering block and asked all the officials to mark their attendance regularly or face action.
the corporation has fixed arrival and departure timings for employees and implemented stringent rules to ensure that there are no violations to it.
according to records, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) would take the attendance of about 800 officials through the new system every day.
we have decided to introduce a fully automated attendance system for all our staff.
an agency has been hired that will take care of the new system.
earlier, we were using the manual attendance system.
the biometric attendance system would ensure that the staff work regularly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to the timings, the officials need to enter the office between 8.
30 am and 10.
30 am and leave after 5 pm.
if any official is found coming late or leaving office early for three continuous days, the bmc will deduct a day's salary.
the move is to ensure that officials don't get irregular in their work.
the sanitation workers have also been included in the automated attendance system.
we have included the sanitary staff since there were complaints that they are not regular in their work.
in this new system, they cannot lie or skip office, said a civic official.
in the next phase, the municipal corporation has also decided to install closed-circuit-television (cctv) cameras inside the office.
the plan to introduce the facility is being executed under the bmc's office automation project.
the office will have about 30 cctv cameras placed at various locations.
there will be a central server where all data of the estaff, including their employee code and biometric details, will be stored.
the database will be updated and maintained regularly by the service providers.
there will also be a central room for monitoring images captured by cctv cameras, the official said.
among the sanitation workers, only the regular ones have been included in the new biometric attendance system whereas those working for private agencies have been excluded.
at present, there are about 3,000 sweepers, drain cleaners, garbage collectors and bush cutters working with the bmc to keep the city clean.
our correspondentthe place on bidyut marg where a footbridge has been planned.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the public works department will collaborate with the civic body for construction of two more foot overbridges on bidyut marg for safe crossing of pedestrians.
the two new overbridges will come up near kalinga stadium on bidyut marg.
these will be constructed keeping in view heavy flow of crowd during the upcoming men's hockey world cup here in november.
the authorities will construct the first bridge near gate no.
2 and 3 and another near gate no.
7 and 8 of kalinga stadium.
there will be a heavy rush of people during the world cup.
keeping that in mind, we have decided that the new foot overbridges will be constructed on this stretch, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
in absence of proper pedestrian crossing facility near the stadium, people had a tough time during the asian athletics championship that took place last year.
the foot overbridges will not only facilitate pedestrians crossing the road safely, but will also contribute to smooth flow of vehicular movement below, said the mayor.
sources said that the works department would prepare an estimate and the architectural plans for the foot overbridges and the civic body would explore the option to adopt a similar approach they adopted while constructing the first foot overbridge near pal heights on jaydev vihar-nadankanan road.
the first foot overbridge of the city was constructed in public-private partnership where the private partner bore the entire cost of the bridge construction and incurred the expenditure by using the bridge for displaying various kinds of advertisements.
we are going to hold a meeting with the civic officials to decide on the modalities for executing the foot overbridges.
we hope to finalise things by the end of this month and go for construction.
the work will be over by november, said a works department official.
residents welcomed the move.
bidyut marg is one of the busiest roads.
the foot overbridges will help commuters cross the road safely, said nayapalli resident pankaj jha.
a defunct rainwater harvesting pit at indira gandhi park in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, june 29: the state government's lofty target of installing rainwater harvesting facilities in all new residential and existing government buildings has fallen flat.
last year, the state government had decided to install rainwater harvesting system in 550 government buildings across the state, of which bhubaneswar's share was almost 50.
however, a year later the government's score stands at 1 out of 550.
the only building that has come up with rainwater harvesting system is the office of the odisha electricity regulatory commission (oerc) at chandrasekharpur.
the chief minister had inaugurated the building in april.
apart from the rainwater harvesting system, the building also boasts of rooftop solar energy.
a senior official of the water resource department, the agency implementing the scheme, said that the modalities to install the rainwater harvesting system in the existing government buildings were in process and would be over in a month or two.
only then would process to installation rainwater harvesting facilities begin, he said.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has been asked to popularise the scheme among domestic users.
but top government sources claimed that the civic body had failed to take up the initiative.
according to the norms, building owners having a roof area of 200 square meters or more will be eligible to apply for a rainwater harvesting system.
accordingly, the government had decided to provide a subsidy of up to rs 45,000 to building installing rainwater harvesting system.
the cost of installation includes construction of rainwater collection, filter, recharge and storage units.
a consultant will evaluate the total cost and extend the subsidy to the users.
we have distributed leaflets and have also undertaken several awareness activities to popularise the scheme.
it is gaining popularity very slowly.
we hope all the households will have the system in place in the near future, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
in 2015, the government had earmarked rs 100 crore for implementation of the rainwater harvesting scheme, hoping to achieve its target by 2019.
the government had then provided rs 1 crore to start the initiative from bhubaneswar and berhampur.
the aim was to recharge the fast depleting groundwater tables in these two urban hubs.
according to a report of ground water survey & investigation, bhubaneswar's groundwater source is fast depleting.
a recent report of the agency revealed that groundwater in saheed nagar could be tapped at a depth of four metres in 2006, but it decreased to five metres in 2015.
other areas of the city, such as raj bhavan, khandagiri and raghunathpur are also witnessing similar depletion.
the bhubaneswar development authority (bda) is in the process of framing by-laws under the new model building code of the centre that mandates the installation of rainwater harvesting system in all upcoming buildings.
a bda official said that the new model building code of the centre stressed on introduction of measures that includes solar rooftops and rainwater harvesting systems.
we are in the process of framing the bylaws and will notify it within six months.
as per the new bylaws, it will be mandatory for all the new buildings to have rainwater harvesting system.
otherwise, their building plans will not be approved, said the official.
environmentalist sailabala padhi said that the groundwater level in the state was fast depleting due to the rapid urbanisation.
we need to act fast to avoid the upcoming crisis that will only be aggravated by our idleness.
rainwater harvesting system is one of the effective way not only to save water, but also to save money.
people should made aware of it, said padhi.
our correspondenta ramp for disabled people at jayadev bhavan in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state government intends to make smaller hotels and restaurants disabled-friendly.
the move comes after the government pushed for the same for public buildings and commercial highrises.
the initiative will be taken up as part of the accessible india campaign of the centre where efforts are being made to retrofit facilities that are not accessible for the persons with disabilities.
the authorities are also taking steps to include the disable-friendly infrastructure in the new buildings.
although the government had made disabled-friendly infrastructure mandatory for commercial highrises and other buildings, there was no such provision for smaller hotels and restaurants.
we are making public and private facilities - especially buildings and parks - disabled-friendly in line with the directions of the union government.
recently, we received another instruction to adopt similar measures for the restaurants and hotels, said an official of housing and urban development department.
he said the civic body and the development authorities had been intimated about the instruction and asked to take steps to comply with the same.
we have directed them to conduct a survey of the facilities and asked the owners of the restaurants and owners to have disable-friendly infrastructure in place, said the official.
the owner of the facilities will have to ensure separate provisions for people using wheelchairs and crutches.
the facilities will also be friendly to people with hearing and sight impairment.
we made our office buildings accessible for persons with disability with installation of ramps and tactile.
we replicated the same at other recreational places such as parks and community centres.
this time, we will do the same for restaurants and smaller hotels.
we will make plans for it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bhubaneswar, june 6: daruthenga on the outskirts of the city witnessed tension today after a scuffle between villagers and police over the relocation of the bhuasuni dumping yard.
hundreds of villagers took part in a meeting attended by representatives of the congress and the bjp and later, took out a rally to the dumping yard in daruthenga.
the police deployed at the spot tried to prevent them from entering the dumping yard.
this led to a scuffle between the protesters and the police.
however, no one was injured.
the villagers want the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's dumping yard to be moved to tulasisdeipur, which is about 2km away from bhuasuni in daruthenga.
they villagers are also protesting against the civic body's decision to set up a waste-to-energy plant there.
the civic body has turned a deaf ear to our plea.
instead, it has started the process to set up a power plant at the site.
we have been demanding relocation of the dumping yard for the past eight years as it has been causing health problems even for domestic animals, said daruthenga sarpanch prashant kumar routray.
earlier, the aggrieved villagers had written to the chief minister's office and the prime minister's office (pmo) seeking intervention.
the pmo last week sought a report from the chief secretary and the housing and urban development department over air and water pollution in the locality.
in turn, the department has asked the bmc commissioner to submit a report by tuesday.
a number of villagers have fallen ill because of garbage stench.
the dump yard has also led to water contamination in this area.
infants and senior citizens are the worst sufferers, said binod sahu, a villager.
the villagers have been protesting since early this year.
they had even locked the gates of the dumping yard to prevent vehicles from dumping garbage.
the agitation had forced the civic body and district administration officials to hold a meeting with the villagers in march.
senior congress leader suresh kumar routray, who joined the protesters, demanded that the state government relocate the dumping yard at the earliest.
mayor anantanarayanjena requested the villagers to cooperate with the civic body.
the waste-to-energy plant is a good initiative and the villagers should lend their support to the project, said jena.
members of bhubaneswar cycling and adventure club in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, july 16: scientists and environmentalists have long promoted cycling as a healthy and non-polluting way of travel, but as a trend, it has only caught on recently.
bhubaneswar, which is set to become a smart city, has also embraced cycling with residents showing particular interest in the activity.
although cycling is at a nascent stage in the city, some groups are encouraging people to take to it up not only for adventure but also as a mode of transport on a daily basis.
bhubaneswar cycling and adventure club is among many such groups.
the club uses facebook to invite cycling enthusiasts to come together and plan cycling adventures.
club member ajay nanda, 30, said connecting with people who share a common passion defined the club's objective.
nanda said the club members have cycled at night from bhubaneswar to puri to konark and back, covering 160km.
he said: cycling not only helps maintain fitness but is a great way to experience nature.
nanda, who has started a start-up venture 22bikes in the city, said bhubaneswar residents were no longer averse to buying high-end cycles.
key initiatives among bhubaneswar's smart city proposal include construction of dedicated cycle tracks and pedestrian footpaths along key transport corridors.
such tracks are already in place on the stretch between ag square and capital hospital square.
we will construct more tracks, he said.
jena said the civic body had been promoting cycling at the weekly raahgiri event.
bicycle rides offered at raahgiri have been a major hit, he said, adding that the civic body in partnership with an ngo was allowing people to use bicycles against a refundable fee of rs 100.
you can avail this service at major iocl petrol stations by producing identity proof.
soumya dash, 19, a bsc student, said the city's youngsters were keen to pursue cycling as a hobby.
rooftop hoardings at rajmahal square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, nov.
5: the municipal corporation will remove illegal hoardings put up haphazardly at various locations across the city within a week.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has served the ultimatum on those who have put up these hoardings.
bmc officials said an enforcement squad would remove the hoardings and recover the removal cost from the owners if they are not pulled down within a week.
during a meeting today, municipal commissioner krishan kumar announced that the squad would continue the drive for three consecutive months to streamline hoarding management.
we have come across quite a few such illegal hoardings, which cause visual pollution.
we are going to be stricter with the violators, said kumar.
the move aims to do away with cluttered, uncontrolled and haphazard display of advertisements.
the civic body has come up with an action plan to clean up the city sound and structured billboards across different locations.
according to the plan, the corporation will use it tools to ensure better management of the advertisements and collection of more revenue from it.
it was also decided to link hoardings and kiosks to the recently launched information portal of bhubaneswarone to facilitate citizens' access to the advertisements.
moreover, the administration will prohibit rooftop advertisements since the city falls in the cyclonic zone.
it is feared that heavy wind might cause such structures to fall, thus posing a threat to passers-by on the roads below and motorists.
we have notified the existing buildings with rooftop advertisements to submit certificates of structural stability.
if they fail to do so, the hoardings will be removed from their terraces, said jena.
the municipal authorities will also identify no hoarding zones with reference to monuments, religious places, educational institutions and other important places.
moreover, one looking forward to putting up seasonal advertisement has to take the permission from the civic body's additional commissioner while the respective zonal deputy commissioners will have the power to identify locations in their zones for taking up the activities.
besides, the civic body will also ban advertisements on traffic posts.
the advertisements on roads and traffic posts often distract motorists, said biraja mishra, a retired government employee.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the civic body has laid down a new marker in its attempt to get the open defecation free city tag with a new scheme for citizens.
through the mini community toilet scheme, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will encourage households, especially the slums, to stop open defecation and start using toilets.
the housing and urban development department has prepared the basic plans for the scheme.
the department has asked the civic body to encourage households, which cannot build individual latrines because of space constraints, to opt for the new scheme.
it has been divided into two categories for clusters of four and six houses.
the civic body will provide incentive for construction of the mini toilets.
according to the plan, the corporation will survey households that can opt for these schemes.
interested households can approach the civic body for funds to construct the toilets.
the civic body will provide rs 40,000 for four-house latrines and rs 55,000 for the six-house ones.
one house from the cluster will take the lead and get the money for the toilets.
the lead house will also take care of repair and maintenance.
initially, the beneficiaries will contribute to the construction and we will reimburse them later, said a housing and urban development official.
the scheme also specifies guidelines mentioning the size of the toilet block and soak pit.
the toilet block can house up to two toilet seats based on the availability of space, while the soak pit will be dug up based on the number of seats and users.
we have already issued work order for construction of individual latrines.
however, at many places, the scheme is not working because of space constraints, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the mini toilet scheme will help overcome this problem.
we will deploy our officials to identify such clusters and encourage them to take up the scheme, the mayor also said.
achieving open-defecation free status for urban areas is one of the important objectives under the centre's swachh bharat mission.
bhubaneswar has performed poorly on this marker.
the housing and urban development department has set march 2018 as the deadline for complete coverage.
in february, the civic body had set a target to make at least 25 slums free from open defecation by august 15, but succeeded at only nine.
the administration needs to ensure local participation in such initiatives, but it seems they fared badly, said tanmay jena, a resident of saheed nagar.
bhubaneswar, may 5: iit roorkee has offered to help both the development authority and the municipal corporation here to develop and strengthen the city's drainage network.
an official communication from n.k. goel, professor of bharat singh chair of water resources at iit roorkee, which reached the state housing and urban development department today, proposed to assess and offer solutions to various drainage problems of the city.
quite often, the hydrological designs of the proposed and detailed project reports are not technically sound.
this results in either high cost of the project or failure of the project because of under-design, wrote goel.
the expert group of iit roorkee would be willing to review and strengthen the hydrological aspects of the projects being planned by your organisation.
we received the letter and forwarded it to the civic body as well as the development authority of the city, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
jica is already developing the drainage and sewer network of the city with the help of state's water supply and sewerage board.
if the experts of the premier institute want to help in the drainage projects, we will certainly welcome them.
we will talk to our drainage division too, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
although the city has never faced any major drainage disaster, the situation becomes difficult during the monsoon, when parts of the city witnessed major waterlogging.
sandeep mishraa congested stretch in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the city administration is planning to implement a congestion charge here to tackle the problem of choked roads and ensure smooth traffic flow.
to be named congestion charge, vehicles driving into choked roads will have to pay an entry fee and higher parking rates.
the administration expects the charge will be a deterrent to those driving into congested areas and encourage greater use of public transport.
the system is already in place in london, new york, milan and singapore, while it is being implemented in new delhi.
sources said before introducing the system the authorities would conduct a survey of city areas to find out the level of congestion.
the innovative step comes after the ministry of housing and urban affairs asked the city administration to find out ways to de-congest arterial roads to increase the city mobility quotient.
there are certain roads that remain congested despite the option of alternative routes.
on the other hand, parking on main city arteries, including janpath and rajpath, reduces road width and causes congestion.
introduction of congestion charge on such roads will ease traffic flow and prompt people to use alternative modes.
if sources are to be believed, after the survey report, an electronic system, like the ones in london and singapore, will be launched for smooth implementation of the congestion charge.
the survey report will also explore the option of introducing one-way traffic on certain roads to make them congestion-free.
we are already making efforts to promote non-motorised transport.
it is also true that there cannot be a ban on private vehicles, but we have to come up with options to have a control on them.
we will have a meeting regarding the congestion charging system before deciding on it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the plan is in sync with the smart city street design template that promotes pedestrian and cycle paths more than carriageways.
it is necessary for the authorities to increase the number of city buses and promote public transport first than to come up with vague street designs.
the congestion charge system, however, sounds good, said urban planner ayush mishra.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has roped in a mumbai-based agency to monitor and suggest plans for timely completion of various projects under the atal mission for rejuvenation and transformation (amrut) scheme here.
the department has entered into an agreement with the fortress infrastructure advisory services, which will depute its experts to monitor the projects.
officials of the department will work in co-ordination with them.
the consultant will conduct periodic inspections of the projects and submit the status report to the department, following which plans will be carved out for the project that faces any kinds of hurdle in execution, said an official, adding that an agreement had been formalised.
at present, various projects, including development of parks and open spaces along with the water supply ones, are being implemented in the city through amrut.
the city plans to develop 17 parks and execute 38 drinking water projects under the scheme by 2021.
the scheme is in its second year of implementation.
the need for a monitoring agency was felt after several amrut projects had faced hurdles during execution.
resistance from local residents at a few places and land crunch are among the major issues faced by the projects.
most park projects are facing hurdles.
explaining the reason for the delay, the contractors hired for the projects cited local resistance said the official.
at a few places, we did visit the sites and resolved the issues.
but, it is not feasible for us all the time.
the aim of hiring the consultant is to overcome these problems, he said.
we are committed to deliver the results well on time.
the work on park projects is going on a war footing at various places, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the facilities at satya nagar, sailashree vihar, bheemtangi and kanan vihar will be thrown open to the public this month.
external agencies will further help in completing other projects on time, he said.
sandeep mishrapollution woes: garbage scattered around waste bins in bhubaneswar on sunday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the odisha state pollution control board has started devising a master plan for management of municipal solid waste here to improve the city's sanitation.
the move came after the central pollution control board asked the state government to take steps for proper management of municipal solid waste in compliance with the centre's new solid waste management rules.
following the directive, housing and urban development department officials have swung into action and requested the state pollution control board to co-ordinate with civic authorities and accordingly make the plans.
there are certain provisions under the new solid waste management rules, such as segregation of waste, measures to reduce the amount of waste, that the civic authorities are yet to comply with.
we will take all these aspects into consideration and accordingly devise the plans, said a board official.
sources said a preliminary meeting has already taken place between officials of the civic body and the board.
the modalities will be finalised after due deliberation with officials concerned, including those from the housing and urban development department.
a meeting was held to discuss the basic framework.
our sanitation experts will be put in place to finalise these.
we will come up with an action plan and a timeline for its implementation to ensure proper management of solid waste, said a housing and urban development official.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation failed in many parameters of the new solid waste management rules and components of the swachh bharat mission.
the city failed to win a single award in the swachh survekshan survey for 2018, the results of which were announced on wednesday.
among its major failures, bhubaneswar is yet to declare itself free of open defecation or ensure segregation of waste at source or dump yard; it is yet to establish a waste-to-energy plant at bhuasuni or the waste-to-compost plant near sainik school.
it even failed to maintain the sewerage network.
we did our best to sensitise citizens on the ill-effects of open defecation.
we have constructed enough number of toilets for the purpose, but they continue to violate the rules.
residents have also opposed the waste-to-energy plant and the compost plant projects, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we hope to take some concrete steps in this regard in collaboration with the pollution control board, he said.
bhubaneswar, sept.
25: various durga puja committees here today met the civic authorities and urged them to complete road repair, lighting and sanitation works in the city on a war footing.
members of various puja committees had gathered on the reserve ground near jayadev vihar square here to discuss their problems with representatives of city police, bhubaneswar municipal corporation and other various government organisations.
pratap jena, vice-president of gadhakan puja committee, alleged that though they had been complaining of poor roads in their area for the past three years, the authorities were yet to pay any attention.
we do not have any proper road in our area.
poor lighting and improper sanitation are also major problems.
we want the civic body to address these issues, he said.
we are trying to repair the roads around various puja pandals.
we are also trying to ensure that water does not accumulate near the pandals.
the problems of lighting and sanitation around the puja pandals will also be addressed, said the mayor.
more than 170 puja pandals are expected to come up in bhubaneswar and on its outskirts this year.
while more than 100 puja committees have already applied for permissions, the rest are expected to shortly apply for the same.
a single-window clearance system has been adopted to provide all the facilities to the puja committees, so that they do not have to run to different departments to obtain permission, said jagannath pradhan, president of saheed nagar puja committee, who was presiding over the meeting.
officials from central electricity supply utility (cesu), general administration department, public works department, public health engineering organisation (pheo) and fire brigade were also present in the meeting.
the pheo has promised to provide water to all the puja committees, while cesu would provide electricity to the pandals at low cost.
the officials also said there would not be any power-cut during dussehra this year.
police commissioner sunil roy said comprehensive security arrangements would be made to keep goons at bay during dussehra.
besides, special arrangements would also be made for traffic management and crowd control.
we want people to have a safe dussehra.
for this, we will take various measures, such as deploying police personnel at several places to control crowd and keeping a vigil so that petty criminals cannot play spoilsport, said roy.
police officers said that the organisers of major puja pandals of the city had been advised to install closed-circuit television cameras to keep a track on peoples movement.
it will help crowd control while keeping an eye on criminals.
we will also deploy policemen in civil clothes to maintain law and order during the festival, said the officer.
as many city streets are still undergoing repairs, various puja committees will also deploy volunteers to control crowd and manage vehicular diversions during the festive period.
the puja committees have been entrusted with the responsibility to identify parking spaces that would not affect traffic.
there will be many vehicular diversions on nabami and dashami as more people are expected to visit the pandals on these two days, said the officer.
garbage dumped on the road side at rasulgarh industrial estate in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, sept.
10: rasulgarh industrial estate has become a potential breeding ground for dengue mosquitoes.
the area has several industries, including a bread factory and printing press.
with open drains and waste accumulating on the roadside, the area's cleanliness is a far cry from the smart city vision.
construction activity on the stretch between rasulgarh and saheed nagar railway crossing has made matters worse.
narendra kumar swain, 45, a local businessman said the area adjacent to rasulgarh village has remained neglected.
water has accumulated in several places following rain where mosquitoes breed.
yet no cleanliness drive is being undertaken here, he rued.
swayamprakash panda, 56, a lawyer and resident of vasundhara apartment, said the road leading to the apartment had several potholes.
the road from the industrial area to saheed nagar level crossing is yet to be concretised.
due to plying of heavy construction vehicles on the road, it has developed several potholes where water accumulate after rain and become ideal breeding ground for mosquitoes, he stated, adding open defecation by slum dwellers residing beside the railway line had added to the problem.
rasulgarh industrial area is near vani vihar railway station.
the railways had started work on a new line from the bhubaneswar railway station to the new station coming up near baranga.
even as the work on the new line has been halted, construction materials are strewn all over.
besides, several trucks that arrive in the area from other states are parked on the roadside at night.
samarendra padhi, 62, who runs a printing press in the area, said that the drivers and helpers of the trucks used an open stretch near cesu office for open defecation.
a separate area should be earmarked for parking of the trucks.
besides, toilet facilities should be constructed for the truckers so that cleanliness can be maintained, he said.
the condition is similar near an old building that is now used by a theatre troupe.
padhi said the civic authorities should focus on cleaning up the area on a priority basis.
a cleanliness drive was conducted in the area when dengue cases were reported from bhubaneswar.
however, it continued for a couple of days and was called off, he added.
bmc councillor of ward no.
31 kumarendra mohapatra said the civic body was working actively to lift waste materials from the area.
in the first phase, some drains have been cleaned and the waste taken out will be disposed of, he said, adding idco had been urged by bmc to direct industries in the area to take care of the condemned machinery.
mohapatra said fogging machines would also be used to sanitise the area.
he added that a cleanliness drive would be started at rasulgarh industrial area to keep the area clean.
sandeep mishrafunds for revamp: a commuter boards a city bus in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the modernisation project of city bus services here has raised hopes of germany cash injection after union ministry of finance asked the state government to put forward a proposal for funds under the indo-german bilateral development corporation.
in a letter to the chief secretary, the centre said the bhubaneswar bus modernisation project was under consideration for funding by kfw, a german government-owned development bank.
government of odisha is requested to expedite proposal to accelerate implementation of financial cooperation project under indo-german bilateral development corporation, the letter reads.
the modernisation plan is a brainchild of the department of housing and urban development through which it plans to revamp the city's mobility sector.
the project components include increasing the number of buses, additional feasible routes and revamp of bus stands and depots.
once approved, the state will get financial aid of 120 million euros, valued approximately at rs 969 crore.
we received the letter and directed officials concerned to prepare the proposal accordingly for the funds, said a housing and urban development official.
officials from germany's federal ministry of the environment, nature conservation and nuclear safety visited the city in april 2016 soon after bhubaneswar got the smart city tag and expressed a desire to help, mainly in the urban mobility sector.
it had then collaborated with the officials and assisted in preparing a proposal for non-motorised transport in the city.
our proposed smart city projects will need financial support from different quarters.
we have already received financial assistance from the centre and also raised money from state funds to execute different projects.
the german aid will add to it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the administration has already decided to increase the fleet of buses to 300 from the present 100 before november.
they will also merge the transport jurisdictions of puri, konark and cuttack and roll out new buses in new routes.
the inter state bus terminal project is also under execution at baramunda.
there is an urgent need to develop the city bus service.
the present status of public transport is not good and results in the monopoly of auto-rickshaws and cabs.
if we get more buses, we will not opt for the private services, said nayapalli resident jyoti dash.
our correspondenta bulldozer demolishes an illegal building at patrapada in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state government is taking a serious approach to boost transport services here by increasing the number of buses and creating infrastructure.
as a first step, the government's central eviction monitoring committee carried out an eviction drive at patrapada on tuesday and freed about 6.
5 acres for the third bus depot.
the committee demolished a school, a library, gym, thatched house, another partially complete house and a stone compound wall.
last month, it had cleared a patch of land for construction of the second depot at patia.
the transport department requested a force for the demolition job.
we used four excavators and demolished the illegal structures.
the drive was carried out without police, said development authority's liaison officer s.s. mohanty.
in view of the city's rapid growth, the housing and urban development department decided to strengthen the city's mobility sector by developing five bus depots.
in 2016, the government decided to increase the bus fleet from 100 to 300 by september.
the depots will come up at gadakana, ghatikia, patia, patrapada and pandara.
the general administration department has already allotted land for the depots.
however, the projects couldn't progress because of encroachments.
we have just one depot at pokhariput.
we need more such facilities as we plan to increase the fleet to 300 by september and 600 by 2020.
the lands at patia and patrapada have been cleared.
construction will begin after the tenders are finalised, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
ravenshaw protesta section of ravenshaw university students on tuesday staged a protest against the hike in self-financed course fees in front of the vice-chancellor's office under the banner of ravenshaw chhatra kriyanusthan committee, backed by the all-india democratic students' organisation (aidso), in cuttack.
the protest sparked tension on campus for a while.
however, police presence returned the campus to normality.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department will organise cluster-level workshops for officials in a bid to streamline the proposed decentralised compost plants and construction of the affordable housing complex project.
accordingly, the state has been divided into seven clusters.
the first workshop was organised for urban local bodies of gajapati, ganjam and phulbani districts on december 16, while the second will be held here on tuesday for urban local bodies of bhubaneswar, khurda, puri and nayagarh.
the workshop aims to chalk out plans and expedite establishment of decentralised compost plants and remove hurdles in executing the housing projects.
we have intimated civic officials to attend the workshop, said a department official.
the workshop will be a knowledge-sharing platform.
the civic body has decided to set up a decentralised compost plant at its temporary transit station near sainik school.
a 720sqft area is earmarked for the plants and we have also floated the tender.
we will come up with plans for collection and transportation of biodegradable waste to the plants in the workshop, said a civic official.
the civic body has decided to set up a special communication cell at its headquarters to engage with city residents and address their grievances more actively.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will hire a consultant that will undertake various activities to take it closer to the residents with the help of social media platforms, official websites of the corporation, community engagement programmes and also through various media organisations.
it is important to get closer to the residents to ensure delivery of good governance.
the communication cell will help us hear the problems of the people and also provide us with a platform to dissimilate information about our various schemes and activities.
the cell will act as a bridge between the people and us, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
officials at the communication cell will create content for the official websites of the civic body and will also be present on social media platforms  such as twitter and facebook.
city residents will be able to reach out to the civic body through these online platforms to get their problems addressed.
the communication cell will remain responsible for an array of things  such as grievance redress system and awareness activities on various issues and schemes.
it will collect feedbacks from the users and forward the same to respective sections.
we will be able to improve our services this way, said a senior civic official.
the consultant will be selected through a tendering process that is likely to get completed by the end of december.
we have already prepared the proposal for the selection of the consultant.
the selected one will supply the manpower and draft plans on behalf of us, said the official.
city residents welcomed the move.
it is not possible to reach out to the civic body by visiting its headquarters with petty grievances all the time.
i have been posting problems of the city on twitter very often hoping for a solution, but to get disappointment most of times.
i think the civic body do not have enough manpower to manage it, said city resident priti jena.
sandeep mishraautorickshaws powered by cng in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the city administration's efforts to roll out an e-vehicle policy has taken a hit amid fears of the state capital not being selected for the centre's e-mobility scheme for its low population.
according to the eligibility criteria for the centre's fame india scheme, only cities with a population of over 10 lakh or more according to the 2011 census will be considered under the scheme.
however, the city's population according to the census was 8.
43 lakh.
bhubaneswar puri transport services limited (bptsl) on december 1 submitted a proposal worth rs 219 crore to the centre to roll out the policy.
if the state capital is selected, it will get grants from the centre under the scheme to roll out its own e-vehicle policy.
alarmed by the situation, chief secretary a.p. padhi has requested the centre to reconsider and cited initiatives taken up to ensure an eco-friendly infrastructure.
bhubaneswar crossed the cut-off of population in 2016-17.
the present population is more than 1.
3 million if peri-urban growth is included.
further, the city has been at the forefront of adopting new technologies, padhi wrote to union heavy industry secretary asha ram sihag.
bhubaneswar is the first city to adopt public-private-partnership mode for led street light projects and installation of rooftop solar units at government buildings.
padhi cited these initiatives and requested that the centre consider bhuban-eswar's proposal.
in his letter, padhi referred to the european union's eco-city programme, which is under implementation with collaboration with the international finance corporation.
under the programme, the state capital will develop a full ecosystem of regulatory and policy framework required to promote e-mobility and non-motorised transport.
we are on the forefront of adopting many eco-friendly initiatives.
if we got the centre's grant, it would boost our efforts, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
environmentalist sailabala padhi said: the city has improved in adopting many environment-friendly tools and there is need to promote the initiatives.
illegal structures being constructed on the disputed land at chandrasekharpur and (below) the foundation stone laid by the civic body in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, aug.
22: the municipal corporation has been accused of violating a status quo ordered by orissa high court on a 12-acre plot in chandrasekharpur and undertaking the construction of a night shelter.
ignoring norms and laws, the civic body had laid the foundation of the night shelter on the plot last year and began work at an estimated cost of rs 30 lakh.
besides, a number of pucca houses have also come up on the disputed land.
the land in question originally belonged to the royal family of kankia, a small estate near kendrapara.
the ex-intermediary of the kanika estate used to give land in the possession of the royal family to various people on rent.
they were called the tenants.
in july 1941, the land was given to the present claimant bishnu charan pradhan's father chemei for agricultural purposes on rent.
chemei was paying rent regularly to the ex-intermediary till the estate was vested with the state government after the orissa estate abolition act, 1951, came into force.
eventually, the tenants, who held the property when the law came into force, became the owners.
they were asked to pay rent to the government thereafter.
the state government continued to accept the rent from the land till 1961.
however, the problem for chemei cropped up when chandrasekharpur was amalgamated with the bhubaneswar tehsil of the puri district.
thereafter, neither cuttack tehsil, nor bhubaneswar accepted rent from chemei on the ground that relevant records for the land were not available.
however, the state government had issued him an encumbrance certificate that showed the land belonged to chemei.
the land, however, falls in khurda district.
since then the 78-year-old bishnu has been waging a lone battle to save his parental property.
unable to pay rent, bishnu filed a plea with the high court on july 16, 2012.
the court then ordered maintaining status quo on the land in the same year.
on being asked how the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) was going ahead with the construction of the night shelter on the disputed land, local ward councillor monalisha sahu said: we have got land clearance from the corporation and accordingly started construction of the shelter.
i am not aware of the fact that it is disputed land.
as the work is nearing completion, i can't do anything about it at the moment.
i will take another look at the file.
bishnu said: i have spent a lot of money to fight the case to save this property.
i have approached the police and even the court.
but, despite my efforts, i have so far not been successful in saving the property.
i want justice from the government.
stating that he has already approached the high court, bishnu said: i wonder when status quo is being maintained on the land, how the bmc could go ahead with the construction and encourage others to settle on the land.
i will move court again.
bishnu had moved the high court challenging the claim of the land officials in bhubaneswar and got the status quo order from the court.
once status quo is maintained, no one can take up any construction activity on the land, said a legal expert.
the devipadahara.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 25: the civic body has drawn up plans to conserve five peripheral tanks of bindu sagar located at old town.
while bindu sagar dates back to the 7th or 8th century and is a heritage site, historians have accorded similar status to the five ponds - the devipadahara, kotitirtha, godipokhari, ganga jamuna and the godavari kund.
these water bodies date back to the 8th century to the 14th century.
local people's religious sentiments are attached with these tanks as during festivals such as boita bandana and others, they perform an array of rituals here.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has partnered with water and power consultancy services limited to take up the job of restoring and conserving the ponds.
the expert body of the private partner had on sunday made a field visit to the ponds and will begin the work shortly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
after the field visit, experts pointed out issues such as lack of sewerage network and storm water network in the ponds.
they also stressed the water pollution because of the release of household wastewater into the tanks.
the shrinking marshy land around the water bodies also raised concerns.
the team also conducted a survey and found that there were 33 types of plant, 10 shrubs, 37 herbs, 12 grasses, three climbers and four wetland varieties present in these water bodies.
speaking of the nature of the project, the mayor said: the project is based on the observations from the ecological and heritage perspective of the water bodies.
but unlike the previous attempts, the corporation this time is going to involve the local communities in the pond renovation project.
we have also taken inputs from the local communities and will involve them as major stakeholders to play a proactive role in the project, he said.
jena emphasised on community participation to ensure an integrated development of the water bodies, so that all annual religious activities at lingaraj temple may be organised here with much fanfare.
the historic water bodies play a vital role in our life.
many people have religious sentiments attached to the ponds.
the civic body had made efforts in the past, but failed.
i hope that they will succeed this time, said old town resident bikram hota.
sandeep mishrahere a moo, there a moo: stray cattle on the road at unit-viii in bhubaneswar and (below) the existing kine house at kharavela nagar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: stray cattle menace continues to dog city residents with the municipal corporation having failed to complete the construction of a large kine house planned at jamukoli on the city outskirts.
although the civic body has been catching the stray animals on a regular basis, in absence of a proper place to keep them, the officials are releasing the animals periodically, which renders the exercise useless.
the civic body headquarters continues to be flooded with complaints, but the officials say there is nothing they can do about it at the moment.
the sight of stray cattle, especially the bulls, is quite scary especially when they indulge in fights.
on one occasion they had damaged by motorcycle at capital hospital.
at times, they block the roads and you cannot pass through, said sumeet hati, a resident of patia.
the civic body had an embarrassing moment when the chief ministers convoy had to stop because of a stray bull near capital hospital in february.
the bull went right in front of the chief minister car.
if he is not spared, what can we expect!
said hati.
in absence of a proactive approach by the municipal corporation, cattle are found sitting right on the middle of the roads at several places.
the situation is the worst on sachivalaya marg, nadankanan road and sum hospital road apart from some of the densely populated areas as old town and kharvela nagar.
the animals are not really stray.
their owners just leave them on the roads.
these people should be caught and penalised.
the cattle never move even if you honk your horn continuously, said pritam meher, a resident of ganga nagar.
the civic body now has one small kine house at kharavela nagar, where a maximum of 15 cattle can be accommodated at a time.
keeping the need in view, the corporation in 2016 had planned to construct a big kine house at jamukoli and earmarked a 15-acre plot for the project.
but so far the civic body has only managed to build a boundary wall at the site and encroachment issues have delayed the project.
the site belonged to the state government, but it has fallen prey to encroachmenr.
when we tried to free it and go ahead with the project, we faced still opposition, said a civic body official.
mayor anantanarayanjena , on the other hand, has assured they would complete the project in the next three months.
we dont need much infrastructure work for a kine house.
we are only unable to go ahead with the project because of the encroachment.
we will take the help of the police and remove the squatters shortly soon and resume the project, said jena.
bhubaneswar municipal corporation officials at jayadev bhavan to serve notice on business establishments on monday.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, feb.
14: come april 1, business establishments, hotels and residents' associations of apartment blocks will have to segregate and treat waste generated by them.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has taken this decision for strict implementation of the new solid waste management rules.
municipal commissioner krishan kumar has already told city residents about the bmc's decision through his twitter handle.
from april 1, segregation and onsite treatment of waste to be mandatory for hotels, hospitals, apartments, malls etc, he tweeted.
the civic body on january 31 had identified bulk waste generators and started slapping notices on them asking them to set up proper dustbins, segregate waste, treat biodegradable waste and hand over the non-biodegradable waste to the civic body every day.
we have identified 175 establishments that generate more than 100kg of waste a day.
we had served notices and asked them to ensure proper management of the waste.
the monitoring will begin from april 1 and whoever is found violating the rules will be fined accordingly, said bmc deputy commissioner srimanta mishra.
the bulk waste generators identified in the city include the city railway station, bus stand and the airport.
there are also 83 apartment blocks, 13 educational institutions, 16 hospitals, 34 hotels, 22 markets, eight restaurants, one hostel and two temples on the list.
in the notices, the civic body had asked the establishments to comply with the rules or pay fine.
the establishments could even have their business license cancelled if they fail to comply with the rules.
for establishments such as apartments, temples, airport, railway station and bus stand, failure to implement the rules would invent fines.
the civic body yesterday issued a notice and fined jayadev bhavan for littering.
the building is one of the major event sites in the city.
the notice stated that despite providing enough dustbins, the institution was found to be guilty of littering the streets, and hence it would be charged rs 5,000, which has to be paid by february 20.
all the identified bulk waste generators will be monitored on a regular basis.
we will fine each and everyone, whether private or government agencies, for violation the norms, said jena.
according to the new solid waste management rules, 2016, the civic body will collect rs 100 up to rs 250 as fine from households polluting the surroundings.
for commercial establishments, it would be rs 150 up to rs 1,250.
for small industries, the fine would range from rs 500 to rs 2,500 and for other big industries and establishments rs 1,000 to rs 5,000.
the big waste generators should be caught first rather than households.
it is evident that the city administration is actually doing its duty sincerely.
they have provided enough dustbins now.
they are also creating awareness about cleanliness.
the penal system will definitely discourage waste generators to continue littering, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
our correspondentdevelopment awaits: traffic snarl on sachivalaya marg in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the city administration has turned its focus on redeveloping the stretch between the airport and acharya vihar square after already taking up a similar project at janpath.
the 6km stretch, which passes through hospital road, airport road and sachivalaya marg, will be redeveloped according to the bhubaneswar development authority's streetscape design under the smart city mission and include parallel cycle tracks, pedestrian paths and hangout zones for passers by.
officials will shortly hold a meeting to chalk out plans to redevelop this arterial road.
we have already decided to develop janpath into a model street.
the next focus is sachivalaya marg.
we will come up with a roadmap for the project in a week, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the authorities are developing janpath as part of the bhubaneswar town centre district project.
the chosen stretch houses the biju patnaik international airport, capital hospital, assembly, secretariat, rabindra mandap, and soochna bhavan.
however, mostly pedestrians, rather than motorists, use this stretch.
it already has dedicated cycle tracks along the footpath between the 2km airport square and ag square stretch.
however, from ag square till acharya vihar square, even the footpaths are encroached by street vendors, making it a difficult commute for pedestrians.
janpath mostly has malls and hotels.
the sachivalaya marg stretch is different.
it houses government offices and other such set-ups.
the number of pedestrians here is higher and we will provide them enough space, said a development authority official.
according to the streetscape design, the total width of this stretch is 45m.
this will be divided into separate sections - 3.
5m on each side for pedestrian paths, seven metres on each side for greenery and resting zones, and 10.
5m on each side for vehicles.
the remaining two metres will be left for the median.
the stretch is wide enough, but it lacks planning.
there is no media from ag square to acharya vihar square.
it sometimes becomes difficult since lane violations by motorists make it risky for others.
moreover, there are no zebra crossings or traffic lights at the junctions.
the planners should cover these loopholes, said acharya vihar resident gopabandhu mohanty.
our correspondentmain venue: renovation under way at the kalinga stadium complex in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the government has asked all departments and line agencies to use the men's hockey world cup logo along with the brand odisha logo in all their activities till the end of this year as it pulls out all stops to ensure a successful tournament.
sports and youth services department director vishal dev, in his directive, stated that all departments would use the world cup and brand odisha logos in all communications, advertisements in print, electronics and social media as well as events to be organised.
the top 16 hockey nations of the world will participate in this highest ranking hockey extravaganza, organized once in every four years.
all the 36 matches of the tournament will be played in the kalinga stadium and telecast live in more than 100 countries, dev stated in his letter.
chief minister naveen patnaik had unveiled the world cup logo last november.
he also inaugurated the official countdown clock for the event and said that odisha was fast becoming a sporting destination.
we have got the opportunity to host the world cup this year and we want to make the most of it.
we want to make the event a grand success for which branding of it is an integral part, said a department official.
the city administration is also making efforts to popularise the event in different modes.
the tourism department, along with the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, plans to organise events while the development authority will install memorials at several junctions.
we have made all-round efforts and made the asian athletics championship a grand success last year despite little time.
we have enough time this year and want to utilise it properly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bhubaneswar, may 1: mayor anantanarayanjena has assured pensioners, who have not got their dues for more than a year now, that the civic body was working on the problem and that they will get their money at the earliest.
as many as 1,454 pensioners under various state and central government schemes have not been getting their dues for more than a year now.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, which is responsible for handing over the money to beneficiaries, has not disbursed rs 1.
02 crore to eligible pensioners during this time, said sources.
it is been a year-and-a-half since i get my pension from the government, said chandrama nayak, who lives in dumduma and is yet to get rs 10,700 from the civic body towards her pension.
the case of anirudha parida of bjb nagar is similar.
the civic body owes him rs 11,000.
parida said officials of the municipal corporation had recently come to him to verify his credentials and he now hopes to get his dues at the earliest.
he said: some officials of the civic body visited me and asked to see my ids and other documents.
when i asked them what this was for, they said they were conducting of survey of people like me to clear the dues.
although they didn't give me a date, i am optimistic about getting my money now.
we will give top priority to the beneficiaries who haven't got their dues for a long time and expedite the process to provide them the pension as soon as possible, said jena.
in the survey, the officials got information on the status of the pensioners, their family members and account numbers.
an official said there were some discrepancies regarding the eligible beneficiaries since many people were drawing the pension despite not being eligible for it.
we have received a number of complaints of ghost pensioners.
we call them that because they are the ones who get the money but are not actually eligible for the scheme.
in some cases, family members of the beneficiaries continue to receive the money even after the person is dead.
the survey was necessary to correct these mistakes, said a civic body official.
a set of bins near lower pmg square in bhubaneswar that has separate provisions for throwing biodegradable and non-biodegradable materials.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 21: the municipal corporation is set to make onsite segregation of waste compulsory for everyone from june 5 to effectively implement the solid waste management rules, 2016, of the centre.
the union ministry of urban development, which has set the deadline of june 5 to attain the goals, is also celebrating it as world environment day.
the centre has asked the urban local bodies to spread awareness about the need for waste segregation.
we have already initiated the process of encouraging waste segregation at source in the city.
we have placed colour-coded bins and asked citizens to dump biodegradable waste in the green bins and plastic and other non-biodegradable waste in the blue ones.
we have decided to put up 4,000 such bins across the city, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said the state government would soon notify the byelaws under the solid waste management rules, 2016, after which the fine amounts and other modalities would be fixed.
we are committed to keep the city clean and green.
we will make efforts to sensitise the people and encourage onsite segregation of waste, the mayor said.
earlier, the civic body had identified more than 100 bulk waste generators and asked them to have proper facilities for treatment of their own waste.
the bulk waste generators have been asked to create facilities to segregate and treat their waste on their premises.
in the next step, individuals will also be asked to do the same, said jena.
according to the new solid waste management rules, 2016, the civic body can collect rs 100 to rs 250 as fine from households, rs 150 to rs 1,250 from commercial establishments, rs 500 to rs 2,500 from small industries and rs 1,000 to rs 5,000 from big industries and establishments.
in february, municipal commissioner krishan kumar had tweeted that segregation and onsite treatment of waste to be made mandatory for hotels, hospitals, apartments and malls.
there should be co-ordinated efforts from everyone to achieve the objective of a clean country.
we cannot rely on the civic body or other sanitation agencies all the time.
we need to help ourselves and keep our surroundings clean, said dinesh mishra, a resident of patia.
civic body workers sweep the road near ravi talkies square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 30: the city, along with rourkela, has emerged among the winners in the nationwide swachh survekshan-ii, the result of which will be made official on may 4.
the union ministry of urban development has informed that the city is among the winners of the national level sanitation challenge.
it had then received the award of east zone mover of the country for maintaining cleanliness.
however, in the first-ever survey conducted in 2014, the city was ranked at 331 among 476 other competing cities of the country.
we are steadily improving in the cleanliness parameters.
we were at the bottom in the first survey, but rose to a good rank in the next one.
the survey this time was the biggest with 500 cities and we are happy that the centre lauded our efforts for keeping the city clean.
they haven't declared the actual position yet, but we are hopeful to get a good rank this time, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body had taken a number of initiatives to give a fair performance in the swachh survekshan-ii this time keeping in view its larger competitive scenario.
it had increased the number of waste bins to almost double, began two times sweeping of major stretches, involved communities and youths in the survey and expedited the construction of public and community toilets in the city.
it is true that the city is improving on cleanliness parameters, but focusing only on the heart of the city is not fair.
there are still many outskirts and interior parts of the city that are in dire need of attention when it comes to maintaining cleanliness.
i hope that the civic body will shift its focus and do the activities in other parts of the city too, said saheed nagar resident fatima begum.
digital future: a person swipes a card in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 9: if things go to plan, city residents may be able to pay holding tax, trade licence fees, electricity and water bills online by august.
the state government plans to go completely cashless by august and to begin with, it has entered into agreements with state bank of india, icici bank and axis bank for using their payment gateways.
the government has also decided to procure the point-of-sale machines from these three banks and asked all the departments to mention their requirements.
we are in the process of assessing the exact number of point-of-sale machines required by the offices concerned.
all the payment counters will have the machines based on the number of transactions they make in a day.
the offices will furnish their requirement by the end of may, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
accordingly, public health engineering organisation (pheo), bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the central electricity supply utility (cesu) will furnish their report to the government.
they will have the point-of-sale machines in place and begin accepting the payments through the digital method at their payment counters by august.
we have already introduced the online payment services of holding tax for a few of our wards, but none of our payment counters receive payments in the digital method now.
we have been asked to let the government know how many machines we need and our officials are working on preparing the report.
we will submit the report on time and begin the service by august, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides, the municipal corporation, the cesu also has the facility of online payment of electricity bill.
but, it also does not have the digital payment services at its counter.
the pheo, on the other hand, neither has the online payment services for its water bills nor the digital payment method at its payment counters.
in order to achieve its target of going completely cashless, the government has also asked the offices concerned to hold capacity-building of its officials and undertake community mobilisation programme for public awareness.
the government has decided to provide a one per cent discount on digital payment methods to the consumer.
going cashless has many benefits, but it also has risks such as online fraud.
the government should ensure security and safety, said harihar nayak, a resident of kharavela nagar.
our correspondentfoul: drain water on the road at dumduma in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the drainage system has collapsed at dumduma with wastewater flowing over the roads and lanes of the colony forcing the there to live in unhygienic conditions.
unable to bear the situation, the residents of the area, under the banner of dumuduma phase iv housing board colony development committee, reached out to the commissioner of state housing and urban development department with their grievance.
the residents seek fast intervention of the administration in the matter.
there are no proper provisions of drainage and sewerage in our area.
consequently, we have no choice but to release wastewater in the open drains that eventually flow onto the roads.
we have reached out to the civic body with the grievance, but no action has been taken yet.
it is difficult to live here now, said biranchi das, who lives in the area.
the committee has notified in their complaint that the state housing board had constructed the houses and allotted the same to the applicants since 1997 without provision of a proper drainage system.
consequently, the water overflows on the streets.
the colony inhabitants are being provided with water supply by the administration for the past two years.
during water supply, the roads are filled with wastewater due to absence of roadside drains.
we have met the municipal commissioner with the grievance but the problem is yet to get resolved, sand bijay chandra sahu, president of the committee.
we have already directed our drainage division to look into the matter on priority basis.
the problems will be resolved shortly, said jena.
our correspondentofficials at the bhubaneswar municipal corporation meet.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body and various voluntary associations will together put up more than 100 water kiosks or jala seva shibirs across the city from april 1.
officials of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation held a meeting on friday to chalk out plans for this purpose.
this year, every water kiosk will have three earthen pots instead of two, which was used to be put up till last year.
each pot will have a capacity to hold 60 to 70 litres of water.
passers-by will be able to quench their thirst from these kiosks till june 15.
the kiosks will provide safe drinking water to the people for free between 8:30am and 4pm.
the civic body will get the help of more than 50 organisations for managing the kiosks that will be put up in almost all parts of the city.
we will rope in voluntary organisations for smooth functioning of drinking water kiosks.
the equipment, such as the earthen pots, tumblers and other things, will be provided by the municipal corporation, while private organisations will provide with the manpower needed to run the service, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides, bhubaneswar auto rickshaw maha sangh has also informed the civic body that it will put up water kiosks in 38 locations across the city.
we will help the civic body in managing their water kiosks and will also put up some more by our own, said a member of the auto-rickshaw drivers' union.
the public health engineering organisation has been asked to ensure smooth supply of safe drinking water to the kiosks.
youngsters from bhubaneswar at the cities4kids urban95, an international conference which was recently held in delhi.
telegraph picturebhubaneswar, feb.
5: an expert team of the quality council of india arrived here today to begin three-day survey work for swachh survekshan ii, which is being held nationwide.
the union ministry of urban development has appointed the council as its agency to conduct city-level surveys.
the team will conduct the survey on pre-decided parameters, which include whether there are enough waste bins, whether citizens are able to find public toilets at every 500 metres and if the civic body carries out daily door-to-door waste collection.
the survey will be carried out at planned colonies, residential areas, public places, markets, public and community toilets, educational institution areas and large slums.
the team of experts will also interact with civic body officials and grade the city based on direct field observations and citizen feedback.
the total marks for grading the city will be 2,000 of which 600 will be for citizen feedback.
the civic body had formed a team of officials consisting of members of the swachh bharat abhiyan and communication cells, sanitary agencies, private agencies, public and community toilet agencies under the leadership of deputy commissioner sanitation and all three zonal development commissioners.
in a bid to perform well, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) undertook a number of measures such as installation of 4,000 colour-coded waste bins, roping in volunteers to sensitise citizens, installing online toilet feedback devices outside public toilets and conducting two-time sweeping of main roads.
we had done well in the previous edition of the cleanliness survey last year where we got the award of east-zone mover.
this time we want to emerge at the top as we did in the smart city contest.
we are committed to serving the citizens.
keeping the city clean and healthy is one of the most important services, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the state capital had competed with 73 other cities in the previous edition of the national-level challenge last year and was ranked 24th.
however, this time the competition is bigger since the city will compete with 499 other cities of the country, including eight from the state - cuttack, balasore, bhadrak, sambalpur, rourkela, baripada, puri and berhampur.
chandrasekharpur resident bikash mishra said the city looked clean these days.
the civic body officials have woken up suddenly and are cleaning the roads and recently collecting waste on a regular basis.
this could be because of the survey, but the practice is benefiting all and it should continue like this, said mishra, a corporate employee.
the union urban development ministry began the cleanliness survey on january 4.
a sanitation expert of the quality council of india is visiting several cities across the country to conduct the survey.
the expert team has completed its survey of berhampur.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department will construct the city's second bus depot at patia after the development authority cleared hurdles that had delayed the project.
the general administration department had allotted five acres for the proposed depot.
however, the project couldn't be executed because of encroachment.
on wednesday, the development authority and cops demolished all illegal structures.
the general manager of bhubaneswar puri transport services limited made the request and our enforcement team demolished 21 temporary homes.
the land is almost cleared except one house since the owner showed a stay order from the court, said the development authority's liaison officer subhransu sekhar mohanty.
he said the matter regarding the lone house would be resolved.
most of the land is now cleared, said mohanty.
the housing and urban development department had decided to develop five bus depots across the city in 2016.
the number was later revised to 14 last year with the government planning to increase the fleet from 100 to 300 by november this year and to 600 by 2020.
we have one bus depot at pokhariput that will not be enough.
there are minor problems with the other proposed sites that would be cleared with time, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
children drink water from a tank near a slum at airfield in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, march 19: the outbreak of jaundice at munda sahi has put the civic body and the public health engineering organisation on high alert with both the agencies joining hands to inspect drinking water quality at various slums in the city.
last week, 40 people from munda sahi have been diagnosed with hepatitis, triggering panic among slum-dwellers.
a senior official of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation said that they were checking water samples from various water sources, such as tube wells, wells and bore wells, at salia sahi and jharana slums.
if any water sample is found with less-than-normal chlorine content, the source of the water will be sealed.
we have already sealed a number of wells and bore wells at munda sahi, said additional district medical officer of khurdha raja kishore jena.
on the other hand, the municipal corporation has also started an awareness drive about water-borne diseases.
halogen tablets are being distributed in the slums and we have been asking the slum-dwellers to drink water supplied by us only.
we are also distributing leaflets to generate awareness among the people, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
about 50 cases of hepatitis were reported from jharana slum near the chief minister's residence naveen nivas in april last year.
several slum-dwellers have blamed the civic authorities for not been able to provide safe drinking water to the people.
the civic body is spending crores of rupees on street lighting and other infrastructures.
but, it has not been able to provide safe drinking water to the people, said slum-dweller akshya moharana.
the civic bodys drive to check cattle menace on the citys roads has failed to yield the desired results.
on october 30, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation began a drive to tag stray cattle in the city to keep tabs on them and penalise those, who let their animals loose on the roads.
the plan was to make the city streets free from stray cattle ahead of the upcoming mens hockey world cup scheduled to begin this month.
but, the stray cattle can still be spotted roaming freely on the city roads, and in the process, obstructing traffic, creating congestion and posing a threat to commuters and pedestrians.
this is not the way to control stray cattle on roads.
the officials are shifting the tracking job to the cattle owners as they are the ones, who are efficiently tracking their animals with the help of the civic tags.
but what about those animals, especially the roaming bulls, which belong to no owner, said nayapalli resident gitam hota.
residents attributed the failure to lack of enforcement activities of the officials, who were focusing only on the core areas of the city.
on the other hand, the cattle menace is paramount on the city outskirts such as nandankanan road, shyampur road, gothapatna road and kalinga nagar area among others.
i am unable to see any change as the stray animals continue to obstruct our ways on the roads.
they should increase their enforcement activities and catch the animals and keep them at suitable places.
the tagging will not help, said hitesh behera, a commuter.
what is adding more to the prevailing problem is the lack of adequate place to accommodate the stray animals that are being caught by the civic bodys cattle squad.
at present, the body has one kine house at kharavela nagar that can accommodate only 15 bulls or cow at a time.
we have improved the infrastructure of the kine house and are now accommodating the animals without harming them.
the tagged cattle are also being caught regularly, and we are summoning the cattle owners, who have violated the norms and penalised them, said an official.
a community park managed by the civic body at unit-iii in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 22: the civic body will develop three more parks in the city by the end of this year.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will execute the project under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme, which was launched in january last year.
the civic body had, at that time, taken up the job to develop three parks at sailashree vihar phase-vii, niladri vihar phase-v and kanan vihar phase-ii.
this year, it will develop three more parks at ggp colony, chandrasekharpur oshb colony and chandrasekharpur bda colony.
we proposed to develop three more parks this year.
the tender for the project has been finalised, and work will begin shortly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
a civic body official said: work on the first three parks would be over by july and the other three by the end of this year.
the foundation stones for the parks have been laid.
the proposed parks would see an overall development, including provisions of benches to sit on, jogging path, lighting, children's play area, paver tile platforms for differently-abled persons, skating ring and open gyms.
there should be more open and green space, which would contribute not only to the benefit of the citizens, but also to the environment.
the government is loosing the greenery in the name of development, while the compensation for the same is nil.
the administration should think of sustainable development, said environmentalist alok mohanty.
the civic body manages 24 colony parks, while the recent addition will raise the number to 30.
moreover, the corporation has decided to develop 17 parks by 2020 to be executed under amrut.
it will spend rs 5.
4 crore in the process.
sandeep mishraproblem and solution: an overloaded bin at shastri nagar and (below)a civic worker sweeps a road near rajmahal square in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the not-so-good performance of the state capital in the recently-concluded swachh survekshan 2018 has given a wake up-call to the municipal corporation that is gearing up to change the sanitation scenario of the city.
the civic authorities have decided to take up an array of activities to retain a clean environment in bhubaneswar beginning with introduction of the ambitious mechanical sweeping of main arterial roads.
besides, it has been decided to repair the broken bins and install new ones where needed.
sources said the plans to change the sanitation scenario of bhubaneswar came afoot after several councillors during the monthly council meeting of may raised concerns over the under performance of the city at the national-level cleanliness survey.
the councillors blamed the sanitary agencies for the situation.
we did quite well in the previous surveys but couldn't continue the performance this time.
it is humiliating since we are tagged the smartest city of the country and the leader of east zone in cleanliness once.
we have suggested measures to maintain the cleanliness and will do our level best to attain it, said a councillor.
among several decisions made to ensure cleanliness is a regular review and follow-up with the agencies engaged in managing sanitation of the city.
it has been finalised to develop a proposal for assigning three or four wards to smaller agencies for expediting sanitation work smoothly.
the ward officers and sanitary inspectors have been entrusted to ensure that the cleaning is done regularly at their respective areas.
the city health officer will visit several wards periodically to take stock of the waste bins and submit a report on their repair and installation.
the civic body has also decided to strengthen its sanitation cell.
to begin with, two new officers will be hired to check the sanitation-related work.
an officer on special duty, specifically a retired administrative officer of the state government, will be engaged to look after the sanitation as well as legal matters of the civic body.
we didn't do well in the swachh survekhan due to several loopholes including failure in getting the open defecation-free status.
we did increase the number of toilets and asked people to use it, but they continue to violate the norms.
we are not going to tolerate such things now, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the results of the swachh survekshan 2018 was declared on may 16, but bhubaneswar was not included in any award category.
the city is still unaware of its actual rank in the survey.
however, in the swachh city dashboard of the centre, the city now ranks a lowly 260.
bhubaneswar, sept.
20: the city administration has formed team bhubaneswar with top officials from the municipal corporation, the development authority and bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) to ensure health and hygiene in the city.
the team has 12 senior odisha administrative services (oas) officers - seven from bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc), four from bhubaneswar development authority (bda) and one from bscl.
it will be supervised directly by municipal commissioner krishan kumar.
the city has been divided into 12 sub-zones for all the 67 wards.
one oas officer will head each ward.
the segregated zones are infocity, xavier institute square, vani vihar, siripur area, bhubaneswar smart district, khandagiri, iskcon area, lingaraj area, kuakhai area, bjb college area, airport and cuttack road area.
all the 67 wards have been divided into 12 zones, which will be headed by the zone nodal officer.
they will report to the commissioner, said an official of the civic body.
each zone nodal officer will work in three categories - public health, sanitation and enforcement.
under the public health category, the official will work on prevention of dengue, jaundice and other diseases, mobilise the community and conduct public awareness.
under sanitation, the official will ensure sweeping, ensure door-to-door collection of waste, drain de-siltation and monitoring overall sanitation in the ward.
they will also be responsible for enforcement of the activities at the ground level.
the officials will look after mass awareness drives in schools, community awareness, sanitation work monitoring and eviction work when required, said the official adding the airport area will be given special emphasis to curb bird-hit incidents.
the bmc commissioner has instructed the carrying out of serious drives for prevention of dengue in all the wards as first assignment of the team.
the officials have been instructed to identify key issues related to public health in all wards.
they have also been asked to keep a list of parks, schools and other such institutions where special efforts will be given for prevention of dengue, said kumar.
team bhubaneswar officials will conduct field visits in their assigned wards on a regular basis in the morning.
we have formed the team to provide better sanitation and a healthy environment to the people of the city.
we are also looking for co-operation of the public in this initiative, as without their help, the move will fall flat.
the people should come forward and contribute to this noble initiative, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has directed the municipal corporation to resubmit its annual budget for 2018-19 after finding certain deficiencies in the proposal submitted by the civic body this year.
the state government has found that the actual receipt and expenditure figure for 2015-16 and revenue mobilisation data for 2015-16 and 2016-17 as well as the receipt and expenditure figure for 2016-17 submitted by the civic body shows a huge financial mismatch.
the department also found that the bhubaneswar municipal corporation did not make ward-wise estimation of funds that requires to be done for various projects under the orissa municipal corporation act, 2003.
we have found the deficiencies and asked for their clarification, said an official of urban development department.
he said the civic body has been asked to submit a fresh budget proposal with detail clarifications regarding the deficiencies made in the previous one.
they will have to re-submit the proposal by the end of this month failing which necessary action will be taken against them, said the civic official.
the civic body has submitted a budget proposal of rs 422 crore for 2018-19 to the housing and urban development department for its approval.
on revenue mobilisation data, the civic body also claimed to have collected rs 135 crore.
each budget has a component of 'opening balance'.
the opening balance is calculated based on the receipt and expenditures from the previous years.
there might be some deficiencies while calculating the amount at our level, said a civic body official.
we along with our financial team will work on the deficiencies in the budget proposal and resubmit it for government's approval, said jena.
sandeep mishra(from left) the cabling at power house square that caused a portion of the road to cave in, resulting in a schoolbus getting stuck in the pit bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: a school bus carrying 30 students on monday careened precariously close to the footpath at power house square after a portion of the road caved in.
eyewitnesses said a tyre of the bus had got stuck in the caved-in portion, but the vehicle got out of the pit because of the driver's presence of mind.
many passers-by rushed to the incident to push the bus out of the pit.
but by that time, the driver already took it out of the caved in portion.
the underground cabling work, taken up on the stretch by odisha power transmission corporation limited and the central electricity supply utility (cesu), is to be blamed.
sources said the contractor had punctured the water pipeline during the work that subsequently looses the road surface.
the pipeline was punctured and water leaked out for days.
it couldn't be traced out since the surface is filled up.
continuously leaking of water might have loose the road surface, said pheo's superintending engineer c.r. jena.
he said they were repairing the pipeline.
it will be done immediately, said jena.
besides, officials from cesu and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation also rushed to the spot and filled the pit with sand.
it is high time that the administration took stringent measures for it, said eyewitness nihar maharana.
we always ask our contractors to put adequate safety measures at the work sites and complete those very carefully.
we asked them to barricade the sites and put signage to alert the passers-by.
we will look into such careless work and take action against the people responsible for it, said a senior cesu official.
we will interact with the contractors working on it and ensure to put adequate safety measures at the work sites, he said.
an artists impression of the proposed ama sauchalaya bhubaneswar, july 22: the civic body plans to rope in volunteers to carry out cleanliness awareness activities across the city.
following a notification from the union urban development ministry, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will engage the volunteers, to be known as swachhagrahis (on the line of satyagrahis of the freedom movement fame).
the agents of cleanliness will bring collective behavioural changes among underprivileged urban communities towards safe sanitation behaviour.
anyone, who wants to work for keeping the city clean, can become a swachhagrahi.
the municipal corporation will provide them with separate t-shirts and a batch that will help others recognise them as the agents of change.
to start with, the civic body has chosen 12 of its 67 wards and decided to deploy five swachhagrahis in each of them.
experts working for swachh bharat field that the move will inspire many to keep the city clean.
as the satyagrahis brought us freedom, these swachhagrahis will bring us a clean and green environment, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the joint secretary of the union urban development ministry and director of the swachh bharat mission, praveen prakash, in a recent letter to all urban local bodies across the country, has stated that the cities should treat the swachhagrahis with recognition, so that the management of open defecation becomes possible with greater community involvement.
the observer from the ministry of urban development, v.s. pandey, who was in the city today, visited two major slums at saradhapalli and dhirikuti basti.
deputy municipal commissioner srimanta mishra accompanied him in his visit to these slums.
sharadhapalli slum is near the amri hospital, while dhirikuti basti is located near the mancheswar rail coach repair workshop.
children also took interest and displayed how they play the role of social change initiators to manage open defecation in their area.
according to the guidelines of the swachh bharat mission (urban), there are six major components, such as community toilets, public toilets, public awareness activities, capacity building and solid waste management.
open defecation not only spreads various faecal-oral and water-borne diseases, it also poses threats to the quality of drinking water in urban areas and especially in localities largely dominated by slum population.
community-level total sanitation has become very important open defecation is causing water pollution and contamination, said the mayor.
our correspondentthe special vehicle in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has inducted a dedicated vehicle equipped with a warning system into its eviction squad.
this will enable the civic enforcement squad to smoothly carry out demolition and eviction drives in the city.
christened the ghanta gaadi, the vehicle has a bell fitted on it to warn encroachers before it arrives and starts the demolition drive.
the special squad formed to remove encroachments from footpaths and roadsides will use the vehicle, while the civic body's deputy commissioner (enforcement), with the help of ground-level supervisors, monitor its movements.
the squad will focus on removing squatters from footpaths and cycle tracks.
we will not issue notices, but move around randomly.
the footpaths and cycle tracks are not for vending and encroachers should know this, said a civic official.
officials said similar vehicles were in use in delhi, calcutta and ahmedabad.
we aim to instil fear among the encroachers.
if all goes as planned, they will voluntarily remove their things before the vehicle arrives, he said.
however, several people are sceptical about its success.
the encroachers will probably move before the vehicle arrives, but there are chances that they will reappear once it leaves, said pokhariput resident bishesh acharya.
patia resident nityam pattnayak, however, said such vehicles will instil fear not only among the encroachers, but also the public.
this way, we will try to ensure that encroachers do not reappear, he said.
sandeep mishramoneymaker: illegal kiosks that have come up at the vending zone at unit-ii in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: vendors doing business from eye-catching, but illegally set up structures in the city are raking in more profit in comparison to their legal counterparts.
the vendors, who have set up illegal kiosks on encroached lands, have created extravagant structures for their shops, rendering the legal ones almost invisible.
as a result, the illegal vending zones have become more prominent, and in the process, drawing more customers than the legal kiosks situated right next to them.
our shops no longer look good despite having uniform colour and shape.
thos who have encroached on land near us have violated uniformity and set up shops of their own choice.
those shops sport a better look than ours, and attract more customers, said dinesh kar, a vendor near kalpana square.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had developed vending zones in various parts of the city and rehabilitated vendors to regulate street vending and give it a uniform look.
but, the initiative has not yielded the desired results as several illegal vending zones are cropping up and doing brisk business.
the civic body has about 46 vending zones, from where about 22,000 vendors run business, including mobile repair shops, bookstores, flower shops, furniture, food and meal kiosks and fast food joints.
but, a reality check by the telegraph on tuesday revealed that a number of shops had been set up near the vending zones without the civic permission.
the situation is worse at the vending zones near kalpana square, fire station square, niladri vihar and kalinga hospital.
in 2006, the civic body had decided to build vending zones to rehabilitate and organise the street vendors.
earlier, vendors of a certain area had formed their own associations and applied to the civic body for space.
a civic committee then allotted a suitable space after scrutinising the applications.
the vendors' association, with the civic approval, then constructed the zones using own funds in accordance with the corporation's design.
since 2014, the civic body's town vending committee has been identifying street vendors and building vending zones for their rehabilitation.
each vendor has to pay rs 500 as rent each month.
on the other hand, an illegal venture requires more investment, and in turn, draws more profit.
an illegal vendor, who set up a fast food kiosk near the vending zone at fire station square, told the telegraph that he had paid money to some influential local residents to get both the spot and an assurance of security.
i approached one of my friends with the idea of opening a shop.
i had tried to get a shop at the vending zone, but didn't get one, said the vendor, requesting anonymity.
the vendor said that as he had failed to get a licence to set up the shop at the legal zone, his friend took him to some people - who claimed to be local residents and assured them of a place near fire station square.
i paid the money and they assured me of security.
they also claimed to be from the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
i did not delve into the nitty-gritty.
i just wanted a place and i got it, he said.
however, the vendor failed to show any receipt for the money paid to the alleged civic officials.
he is among many others, who claim to have paid the civic officials in a similar manner.
mayor anantanarayanjena , however, refuted such allegations and denied having appointed anyone to dole out spots.
he assured action against those, who were manipulating the vendors in the name of the civic body.
we periodically remove such illegal shops and instruct our officials in charge of various vending zones to warn the vendors about such people, the mayor said.
(top) an incomplete drain at acharya vihar and an open drain at bomikhal.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 17: residents of 17 wards in the city will get quality civic infrastructure, including renovated roads, drains and revamped parks, in their localities by the end of july.
in a bid to provide better civic facilities to the residents, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has taken up as many as 57 road, drain and park development projects in these wards.
according to the plan, the projects will be completed within the next three months.
the civic body has already floated a tender for the projects and is in the final stage of selecting bidders for their execution.
we have taken inputs from councillors and local residents about the condition of roads and drains in their respective localities and come up with a list of 57 development projects.
the tender for the projects is in the final stage.
we are hopeful of getting the works completed by the end of july, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
among the major works, the civic body will develop the existing park at nayapalli brit colony at a cost of rs 13.
64 lakh and another at aiginia housing board colony for an estimated rs 19.
40 lakh.
the municipal corporation will build a community hall at bda colony in ward no.
13 for rs 28.
96 lakh within the next eight months.
besides, it will also build a rest-shed at nayapalli.
the community hall project is the only one to have a deadline of eight months, where as the rest of the projects have been scheduled to be completed by july.
there has been a need for a community hall in our locality.
we had approached the local councillors and the civic body a number of times in the past to construct such a facility for organising meetings and holding other events.
finally, they have listened to our demands, said akash mishra, a chandrasekharpur resident.
however, mishra appears to be sceptical about the project deadline.
we hope that the work on the community hall be completed within the promised time, he said.
among the roads, the municipal corporation will take up renovation work at marutivilla, rangamatia, nayapalli, behera sahi, vss nagar, chandrasekharpur and other areas.
similarly, drains will be redeveloped at naharkanta, gasakana, harekrushna na-gar in ward no.
14.
the civic body will spend funds between rs 1.
39 lakh and rs 4.
8 lakh on the individual projects.
the condition of roads and drains in our area is very poor.
it is good that the civic authorities have taken up the task of renovating the road between behera house and tanti sahi.
i hope the work will be completed before the monsoon season is upon us, said rangamatia resident rabindra sahoo.
a senior civic body official said it was routine to take up construction and renovation of roads and drains.
we cannot take up any construction works during monsoon.
hence, we have asked the councillors to provide the list of works to be taken up and we will get it done in the summer, he said.
bhubaneswar, may 8: the recently concluded odisha joint entrance examination has left the city littered with piles of leaflets and brochures lying in front of various examination centres.
this seems ironical at a time when the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is levying tax on the protesters, who sit on dharnas and protests on mahatma gandhi marg.
the civic body, however, is yet to take action against the organisations that have littered the examination centres.
earlier, the corporation, amid criticism from various quarters, had decided to levy a tax of rs 1,000 for staging dharnas during this budget session on the basis of power granted to the civic authorities under the orissa municipal corporation act, 2003.
but, the civic authorities do not have any provision to take action against the organisations responsible for generating environmental pollution by distributing leaflets and brochures.
forty-two examination centres were set up in the city for the joint examinations.
the heaps of leaflets that were found scattered on the day after the test were advertisements for various coaching centres.
when i reached my department, i was surprised to see piles of leaflets.
either the organisations distributing these leaflets or the authorities conducting the exams should clean up the mess.
why should we suffer for their mistakes?
asked chandrakant baral, an utkal university student.
various other examinations such as banking tests or public sector entrances, too, leave masses of leaflets and brochures at the examination centres.
its mostly leaflets advertising engineering colleges, management institutes and coaching institutes that create a mess after the tests.
during various entrance tests, the educational institutes often set up kiosks in front of the centres to distribute leaflets and brochures.
the aspirants, however, often throw these on the centre premises.
city health officer chandrika prasad das admitted there was a need to slam the brakes on the littering caused during the tests.
this morning, when i went around the city, most of the educational institutes were flooded with the leaflets, said das.
the leaflets are often gathered and burnt, causing air pollution.
brochures, which have a thin cover of polythene, chokes drains and mixes with the soil, posing threat to animals.
the paper leaflets, which are printed by using various synthetic colours, could also pollute groundwater.
in the coming council meeting, we will discuss the matter and formulate a plan to prevent organisations from littering during entrance examinations, said jena.
the city generates nearly 400 tonnes of solid waste every day.
a handicraft store at a fair in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, aug.
8: both handicrafts sellers and tourists will shortly be able to make use of a single location to sell wares and shop from respectively.
the state government has decided to set up a special vending zone in the city to promote handicraft products of the state.
the state and handloom and handicrafts department has written to the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) to identify a location.
the vending zone will be set up on the lines of the special fruits vending zone of bmc at kharvela nagar here.
the objective is to provide a good platform to handicraft artisans who are not getting adequate marketing support for sale of their products, said director of handicrafts and cottage industries sanghamitra kanungo.
the vending zone will also help tourists who cannot find a one-stop location to shop for such products.
at present, there are very few places in the state where authentic handicrafts are available such as ekamra haat and the one run by the state sc and st department near rupali square.
after receiving the letter from the handicraft department, the civic body is in process of identifying a suitable site for creating yet another special vending zone meant only for handicrafts products.
at present, the civic body has one such special vending zone meant for only fruit sellers on janpath in unit iii.
we have received the letter from the handicraft directorate and are in the process of considering their request.
we will have a meeting with them and also with our officials to select an appropriate site to set up the special vending zone for handicrafts.
this will certainly boost the handicrafts sector, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
there are not many state-run handicraft showrooms in the state.
if various crafts items are available at one place, it will attract tourists and be helpful for buyers, jena added.
crafts items such as brass and bell metal ware, silver filigree products, terracotta products, appliqu works and other stone and woodcarving items will be available at the shops.
steps will be taken to ensure that traditional artisans get the kiosks and the items are sold at reasonable rates.
so far, the civic body runs as many as 46 vending zones across the city with 1,699 kiosks.
civic body sources said according to the demand in relation to the city's population, there was a need for 300 vending zones.
they hinted that a new vending zone in bomikhal area had been proposed, which could be selected as the special vending zone for handicraft products.
sandeep mishraan under-construction toilet in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state capital has registered a 56 per cent leap in individual household latrine coverage over the past three-and-a-half years, adding another feather to the civic body's cap.
in 2014, the coverage was a mere 12 per cent, according to a swachh bharat mission (urban) report.
we have improved in constructing more household latrines.
our officials are regularly updating the data on the status on the swachh bharat mission website, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
accordingly, the ministry has developed a dedicated dashboard to monitor our performance.
the improvement in our coverage in this parameter can be ascertained from the dashboard and subsequent report, he said.
a review meeting chaired by chief secretary aditya prasad padhi and union drinking water and sanitation secretary parameswaran iyer at the secretariat last wednesday highlighted the city achievements.
during this time, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation distributed hundreds of work orders for construction of individual household latrines, mainly in the city's rural wards.
construction of individual household latrines is one of the important components under the swachh bharat mission.
besides, construction of public and community toilets are also part of the open defecation-free initiatives.
we have a rigorous system for scrutiny of the individual household latrine application.
it is allotted based on the applicants' eligibility.
we witnessed a surge in the number of applications in the past two years.
accordingly, the number of work orders issued also increased, said a civic official.
deogarh is, so far, the state's district that has achieved the open defecation-free tag.
the housing and urban development department set the civic body a target of constructing 15,208 individual household latrines during 2015-16 and another 19,596 during 2016-17.
sources said the civic body had fulfilled the targets and was in the of to achieving the same for the current fiscal.
the department's decision to hike the incentives for construction of household latrines from rs 5,333 to rs 8,000 has also led to a surge in the number of applications.
people were not happy with the money they were getting to construct the toilets and, as a result, we decided to hike it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrathe site at kalinga vihar where a sewage treatment plant is coming up.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: frequent violation of faecal sludge management guidelines has alarmed the housing and urban development department so much that it has decided to organise sensitisation sessions for civic body officials.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will take the lead in the khurda region, where the workshop will be held on february 24 for civic officials of jatni, bhubane-swar, banpur and khurda.
at the workshop, a roadmap to implement the sludge management guidelines will be prepared.
this will help achieve control over faecal contamination of water and halt adverse impact on the environment.
our objective is to improve the awareness level of officials on faecal sludge and septage management since they are the ones who will be implementing the guidelines on the ground, said a department official.
the civic body has failed to follow the several components of the guidelines.
the corporation has failed to identify a separate dumping site for faecal sludge and control private cesspool operators who violate norms and dump the sludge in open drains.
we have been planning to depute a separate team to monitor implementation of the guidelines.
we have already drafted a sanitation plan with special focus on septage management.
if required, we will take the help of private sanitation agencies, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
saint mother teresa road in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 20: a street named after saint teresa has run into trouble.
plans are afoot to name an alternative road in the city after poet abhimanyu samanta singhar.
controversy had erupted after a road dedicated to him was renamed after saint teresa last year.
chief minister naveen patnaik on september 4 last year had announced the stretch from satya nagar flyover to cuttack road to be named saint mother teresa road coinciding with her canonisation in the vatican.
based on the council resolution of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc), the works department declared the renaming of the road after a request from the odisha catholic bishops' council chairman, archbishop john barwa svd of cuttack-bhubaneswar on behalf of the missionaries of charity in odisha.
but, the same road was earlier notified in 2003 as abhimanyu samanta singhar road by the works department, and the department claims that it had inadvertently not intimated the bmc.
they have sent a proposal to the corporation for two roads for naming it after singhar.
the two roads are from jawaharlal nehru marg to janpath link road no.
12 (ananda bazaar to r.d. women's college), and jawaharlal nehru marg to janpath link road no.
10 (regional institute of education, bhub-aneswar, to rupali square).
a controversy was sparked off after intellectuals claimed that the road was earlier named after the noted 19th century poet and that it was an insult to the son of the soil.
they also alleged that several plaques along the road describing it as abhimanyu samanta singhar road were uprooted or destroyed.
former student of samanta singhara high school, balia, and executive member of abhimanyu smruti sansad, bhubaneswar, prakash nayak feels naming an alternative road does not make for the insult that has already been done to the son of the soil.
we should rather name another road after saint teresa instead of renaming the road that was already named after him.
from unofficial sources, it is heard that both the roads suggested by the works department were also named after some important personalities.
if that is true, it will create further confusion and probably, by doing this, the government will drag itself into another controversy, he said.
the poet's contribution to the odia literature is considered immense and he has also produced several immortal works, including bidagdha ch-intamani, prema chintamani, parbati, prematarangini, sulakshana and several others.
om prakash patel, chief engineer, design planning and investigation and roads wing of the department, said: these roads have not been given any other specific nomenclature by the government till date.
so, the proposal is under consideration.
members of the abhimanyu smruti sansad alleged that the two proposed roads have already been named rama devi marg and shakti marg.
sandeep mishraschool students do a recce of rajpath in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: schoolchildren visited some city streets on tuesday and raised problems that they would face but adults would be blind to.
the kids toured rajpath and a stretch between raj bhavan and raj mahal square in two groups as part of a street audit programme conducted by the bhubaneswar development authority.
they made several observations, such as the need for median pedestrian crossings at every 200 meters and reduction of the height of median bushes to ensure clear visibility of the other side of the road for safe crossing, proper placement of signage clearly identifying cycle track and footpath and the need for pruning of trees to create clear headspace over cycle track and footpath.
they further suggested making the footpaths and cycling tracks free from obstacles by relocating electric poles and supporting wires or at least painting them in bright colours for clear visibility.
pedestrians and cyclists should be provided with proper and obstacle free space for easy movement, said a student.
rajpath is flooded with traffic issues.
the street also needs to have drinking water and toilet facilities, clearly-visible zebra crossings and speed breakers at traffic junctions, said another student.
they also suggested installation of benches alongside the footpath so that a pedestrian can rest if he or she wants to.
other issues noted by the children during the audit include illegal parking on footpath and cycle tracks, broken drain covers, unauthorised pick-up and drop-off points used by public vehicles and obstruction to clear view of traffic junction caused by trees and sculptures.
bhubaneswar wants to become a child-friendly city.
so, we wanted to take their inputs on various aspects of urban infrastructure, including roads.
the kids were asked to express their views looking at the available condition and facilities.
we wanted to understand how the available infrastructure fares from the perspective of a four-year old with an average height of 95cm, said an official.
we are focussing on having child-friendly infrastructure while developing urban infrastructure.
our smart city proposal was lauded and got the first place in the country for this particular initiative and we want to go ahead with it in the future.
the comforts and inconveniences of kids will be a priority here, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraspot the road: illegal parking at kharavela nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body is making rules for parking vehicles simpler and cheaper for users.
for instance, if you park your vehicle at a designated parking space at saheed na-gar and pay the requisite fee, you will be able to park your vehicle at a different parking space using the same receipt within the stipulated time.
according to the earlier rule, you had to pay parking fees every time you parked your vehicle at a new parking space.
the parking fees remain rs 2 for cycles, rs 5 for two-wheelers and rs 10 for four-wheelers.
this fee is valid for parking your vehicle for four hours.
the parking operator will mention the time the vehicle was parked based on which the duration will be calculated.
in a bid to implement the norms without error, the civic body has segregated the existing parking yards into different packages such as vani vihar to sriya square, sishu bhavan to sriya square, unit-i haat to kalpana square, sum hospital to nayapalli, vishal mega mart via khandagiri to chandrasekharpur, and swosti premium to jayadev vihar.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has 76 designated parking spaces in various parts of the city.
the civic body operates these yards with the help of private contractors.
it now collects parking fees from 71 parking yards and the remaining are yet to be taken over by private parties, said a source.
the users are requested to pay the fees to one operator for a specific duration.
if they face any problems, they can approach us.
parking services remain a major problem for the citizens here and they have aired their grievances regarding irregular collection of parking fees and bullying by the parking operators on various forums.
i hope the civic body will stand up to their decision.
they first need to put in place a mechanism to check on arbitrary collection of fees, said unit-iii resident jeet hota.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the special purpose vehicle for smart city projects, in collaboration with its allied agencies, called on nodal officers of various educational institutes to chalk out plans to make the youth socially smart and provide a safe, secured and liveable environment to them.
the bhubaneswar smart city limited, bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the united nations population fund on friday organised an orientation programme for the nodal officers.
it saw a participation of about 65 institutions of the city.
representatives from police, women's commission, district child protection unit and the women and child welfare department were also present at the programme to give inputs.
the officials discussed about the present crime scenario with reference to violence against women and various initiatives adopted by the state to address the issues.
experts shared reports of various types of crime in the society in the recent past and educate the nodal officers about the legal provisions to safeguard the rights of girls and women.
experts talked about the usage of mo saathi app, help-line numbers for women and children, sakhi centre and role of the women's commission.
representatives of the police said every police station had a women and child desk to enable girls and women to file their complaints with ease.
we also have a special counselling centre at our headquarters for the women, girls and children, said bijayjani malla, sub-inspector at mahila police station here.
experts also discussed about various commissions set up to protect the rights of vulnerable groups, including children and persons with disabilities.
the aim of this programme is to educate the nodal officers about various initiatives of the state.
they will then dissimilate the information among their students, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the special purpose vehicle has been working to strengthen the social components of smart city in association with united nations body.
the project aims to reach out to the youths to create awareness on various aspects of gender-based violence both at the level of slums and the educational institutes, he said.
it is the second-phase youth-connect programme being conducted by the administration here.
sources said the administration targeted to involve 26 schools in the programme.
the nodal officers of these institutes after the orientation programme will create awareness among the students on aspects of gender-based violence at their level.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the ministry of housing and urban affairs has decided to monitor projects being executed under atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme here using geo-referencing web services and a mobile application developed for the purpose.
the aim here is to ensure timely completion of the amrut projects.
the new monitoring mechanism will be implemented on a pilot basis in five amrut cities in the country, including bhubaneswar.
the ministry has asked the housing and urban development department to start using the new system and upload the data accordingly.
we have progressed significantly in the amrut scheme for which the ministry has chosen the city to implement the pilot monitoring system.
we have intimated agencies concerned about the new system and asked them to start uploading the data and photographs of completed and ongoing projects in the database, said an official of housing and urban development department.
according to the direction, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, the public health engineering organisation and the odisha water supply and sewerage board will update the data on projects taken up by them in five sectors that include water supply, sewerage and septage management, storm water drainage, non-motorised transport and green spaces and parks.
such monitoring systems are needed to ensure timely completion of projects.
we will definitely comply with the direction of the government and also try to develop a similar model to monitor projects here, said jena.
the three agencies have submitted plans to develop 17 parks and 38 drinking water supply projects under amrut scheme.
while rs 5.
4 crore will be spent on parks, rs 121.
16 crore will be used to execute the water supply projects.
our correspondentbda officials along with potential investors at a site in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the development authority here, along with the state tourism department, organised a site visit programme for 20 representatives of bidders and investors who have evinced their interest in developing star hotels in the city.
the bhubaneswar development authority and the tourism department have identified 10 potential sites in various parts of the city that would be sold online to hoteliers for development of star hotels.
the site visit organised by the authorities on thursday was meant to assure the bidders about the potential of the sites.
we took them to the sites in a bus and provided all possible details about the sites.
they enquired about the land, approach roads, surrounding area profile, power connectivity along with other critical factors needed for the hospitality industry.
we will conduct more such visits if they want further clarifications, said an official of the development authority.
the development authority has already invited request for proposals from interested agencies for development of 10 hotels across the city.
the plots will be sold to the bidders through a transparent e-auction process.
sources said out of the 10 plots, seven belong to general administration department and three to idco.
according to the bid documents, the 10 proposed hotels would be able to add at least 700 rooms for the tourists in various categories and the hotels would offer both budget and star category services.
out of the 10 hotels, four would be in budget category and six of star categories.
while the last date of submission of bids is march 27, the e-auction will be held on april 17.
the projects have been planned to be developed across prime locations in the city - gopabandhu nagar, chandrasekharpur, patia, jayadev vihar, bomikhal, bhimpur, bharatpur, ghatikia and near info valley.
these sites are the most preferred locations for the hospitality business, said the official.
the initiative would give a boost to the hospitality industry in odisha and investment opportunity for tourism related industries.
the civic body and the fisheries and animal resources department have jointly launched a drive to tag livestock to free city roads of cattle menace before the mens hockey world cup here.
once all the livestock are tagged, it will be easier for the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to identify the animals and fine their owners for setting them free on city streets.
to stop stray cattle menace and also to make the city roads safe, we launched the ear-tagging drive for the cattle across the city on tuesday, said jena.
he said that the tagging of cattle would also help their owners identify their animals during any natural calamity, theft and cattle smuggling.
later on tuesday, the mayor also flagged off vehicles with public announcement systems to create mass awareness about ear-tagging of cattle in the city.
deputy commissioner of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation subhranshu mishra said that all the cattle in the city limits would be tagged during the drive.
the tagging is done free and in the first phase, 2,000 cattle would be covered.
people can take their cattle to the nearest veterinary clinic and get them tagged, said mishra.
once the tagging is done, if cattle are found roaming here and there on the city roads, a cattle-catching squad will catch them and take rs 1,000 from their owners for the release of each animal.
in case of untagged cattle, the owner has to pay rs 1,500 as a fine.
there would also be additional daily fine on the cattle owners.
we are now getting much global attention as a smart city and also for the mens hockey world cup.
the event is all set to take bhubaneswar as a major sports hub in the world.
in such a situation, cattle tagging will immensely help the civic body to make the city safe, said social worker alok kar.
our correspondentthe panchadeep market complex in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the local civic body has finally started a process to seal the panchadeep market complex at unit-iv, four months after issuing a public notice.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has asked the public health engineering organisation and the central electricity supply utility of odisha to immediately disconnect the building's water and electricity connections.
the zonal deputy commissioner has also been directed to seal it and put up a notice to stop public entry.
the bmc was compelled to take the step as the private company, which had built the market, violated building layout norms and unilaterally allotted shops to various traders without waiting for clearance and no-objection certificates from the bhubaneswar development authority (bda).
the bmc had signed an agreement with m/s panchadeep construction limited to construct the market in public-private partnership in 1999.
the company was supposed to complete the project by 2003 and hand it over to the bmc, in which it failed.
we received complaints about the contractor that it had allotted shops to traders without clearance.
then we issued a notice asking the contractor to furnish details about the status, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we will shortly seal the market.
we are tagging the building as unauthorised and are urging people not to fall in the contractor's trap , he said.
the complex was developed on 883 decimals.
it has 16,584 square metres of built-up area and 5,019 square metres of parking area.
the civic body has 72 per cent share on its ground floor, 36 per cent on the first floor and 30 per cent on each of the five other floors.
bhubaneswar, april 20: the local civic body has inaugurated a second child development project office in the city to manage the various anganwadi centres working in and around the capital city more effectively.
the job of the new office will be to manage the 186 anganwadi centres functioning in various parts of the city.
earlier, the city's lone child development office at goutam nagar was handling the job alone.
the enrolment of students in the anganwadi centres is increasing, which in turn is resulting in increasing workload on the child development project office.
a second child development office was earnestly needed to handle the administrative workload.
the new office will ease the burden of the goutam nagar office, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the child development project office, which is handling the work of the anganwadi centres, is a part of the integrated child development services.
the aim of the programme is to improve the nutritional and health status of children in the age-group 0-6 years and ensure their proper psychological, physical and social development.
it also aimed to reduce the incidence of child mortality, morbidity and malnutrition, achieve effective coordination of child development policies and implementation amongst the various departments to promote child development, enhance the capability of the mother or caregiver to look after the health and nutritional needs of the child through proper nutrition and health education.
bhubaneswar central mla bijay kumar mohanty inaugurated the facility yesterday and said that the two offices would ensure an efficient functioning of the child-centric projects of the state government.
these two offices will work in co-ordination and ensure quality services in the anganwadi centres, said mohanty.
besides the inauguration of the child development project office at saheed nagar, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has also inaugurated an anganwadi centre near the new office, which comes under the bhubaneswar town centre district of the smart district of the capital city.
the anganwadi centres play a vital role in ensuring the social development of the children, mainly among the urban poor.
we are already taking efforts to improve the quality of life of the slum dwellers through different voluntary organisation.
the anganwadi centres are also helping us in achieving the goal, said a civic body official.
sandeep mishrait's messy up there: overhead high-tension wires at crp square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the dangling overhead cables will shortly disappear from the city's skyline and make way for a safer and more efficient power supply system.
the state government has directed the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to collaborate with odisha power transmission corporation limited (optcl) and put all the overhead high-tension wires under the ground before june.
the power body is working on the underground cabling system in the city, and according to reports, has finished the work at almost 70 per cent locations.
the power companies - central electricity supply utility (cesu) and the optcl - had started the project in 2016.
in the first phase, four major roads - airport square to acharya vihar, new airport square to nandankanan, ekamra square to vani vihar and ravi talkies to rasulgarh square - had been taken up, while in the next phase, other areas, including old town, was taken up.
sources said the government was giving priority on finishing the underground cabling work in view of the upcoming men's hockey world cup-2018 scheduled in november.
a number of tourists will visit the city during the event.
the project has been taken up to clear the city's skyline and ensure uninterrupted power supply to households.
the underground cables are reliable and easy to maintain than the overhead ones.
we have almost crossed halfway of the project and it will be finished before the deadline, said an optcl official.
at present, cesu and the optcl are jointly laying the cables by digging up roadsides and filling the same after the work.
however, in the new move, the civic body will help the power companies in digging and filling the pits, while the experts will carry out the cable-laying work.
we have hired our own contractors and experts, who are looking after the digging and filling of the pits and laying of the cables.
we hope that the civic body officials will come handy here, said a cesu official.
the plan is to lay underground cables in 350km area of the city.
we came to know that the power companies had finished the work at most places.
we will have a meeting with them and see where we could help them in the project, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
many crossing or roads in the city contribute to visual pollution with the cables dangling overhead.
local residents said most of the cable tv and broadband operators tied their cables around lamp posts without any objection from the authorities.
they dodge the underground route, which is, though safer, but labour and technology-intensive.
unit-ii resident janmejaya pati said it was a good move of the government to lay cabled under the ground.
i don't know whether the underground cables will ensure good power supply to the households, but it will definitely make the city skyline free and beautiful, said pati.
sandeep mishraservice improvement: garbage overflows from a waste bin (top) and (above) labourers work on a drainage channel in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: to improve service delivery to citizens, the housing and urban development department has set benchmarks for the municipal corporation and asked it to achieve those in the next one year.
the benchmarks for the bhubaneswar municipal corporation have based on the recommendations of the 14th finance commission.
achieving the guidelines will enable the civic body to get an additional incentive from the government.
it is a regular practice, however this time we have set benchmarks for the corporation that are a bit stringent.
this has been done keeping in view the increasing urban stature of the city.
the civic body has been asked to follow it and achieve the benchmark to avail of additional financial assistance from the government, said an official of the department.
the services where the benchmarks have been set include drinking water supply, sewage management, solid waste management and storm water drainage system.
besides setting the benchmarks, the government has ascertained previous service delivery status of the city where in most cases the civic body has failed to show any improvement.
according to the report card, in case of water supply the city administration has achieved 20 per cent success in extending meter connection households.
in case of consumer complaints, it has achieved and scored 40 per cent against a target of 100 per cent.
when it comes to cost recovery in water supply, it scored 20 per cent.
in case of sewage management, coverage of toilets in the network has been 50 per cent of the target.
for sewage connection and sewage treatment, the civic body has achieved 25 per cent and 70 per cent of the targets, respectively.
the administration has not been able to achieve cost recovery of sewage management.
we have constantly been trying to improve the service delivery to the citizens.
however there are certain areas where we need improvement.
a number of water supply projects are on anvil.
similarly, underground sewage network and three sewage treatment plants are coming up, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body has also failed in its management of solid waste.
similar, it has failed miserably in waste collection, segregation and its scientific disposal.
in the last monsoon, the city had witnessed five incidents of waterlogging and yet only 17 per cent of the target in managing storm water drain network has been achieved.
i am not happy with the city's sanitation facilities.
they do collect the waste but there is no guidelines regarding dumping those, said acharya vihar resident bhanu dash.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the municipal corporation southwest zone office will soon gets its own building after civic authorities cleared encroachments on the land identified for the project.
the government's central eviction monitoring committee carried out an eviction drive on the identified spot at jagamara near khandagiri and freed up 15,000sqft of government land on wednesday.
amid opposition from local residents, the authorities successfully demolished six tin-sheet houses, seven thatched houses, three bamboo houses, three makeshift shops and four wood cabins.
on thursday, it freed an additional 1.
5 acres.
it demolished six tin-sheet, seven thatched and 14 bamboo houses, 17 other shops and houses, and four wood cabins.
the zonal commissioner made a request for the drive.
though local residents opposed the drive, things were settled and we freed the land, said the bhubaneswar development authority's liaison officer s.s. mohanty.
besides its goutam nagar headquarters, the civic body has three zone offices at rental colony, chandrasekharpur and old town, all of which function from rented spaces.
we will construct separate buildings for each office.
the north zone office site was finalised earlier and we got the land for the southwest office now, said a civic official.
the civic body initiated steps to hire an agency to prepare a uniform architectural design for all three offices last december.
the agency is in the process of preparing the design, said the official.
he said once the design is finalised, they would begin preparing a detailed project report.
the report and a proposal will be sent to the government for approval.
the zone offices aim to facilitate people in getting quality service and reduce the need to visit the headquarters each time.
the permanent offices will aid the process, said jena.
mancheswar industrial estate in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, july 23: the civic body here will deploy extra manpower to ensure that water stagnation is not allowed on the premises of various factories at the mancheswar and rasulgarh industrial estates.
this move was prompted after a team of the national vector-borne disease control programme yesterday discovered breeding sites of dengue-virus carrying aedes aegypti mosquitoes inside abandoned tyres and containers at a truck depot near jagatpur industrial estate in cuttack.
the outbreak of dengue has reached menacing proportions in the jagatpur with 277 cases being detected so far.
dengue outbreak is under control in bhubaneswar.
however, we don't want to take any risk and want to remain alert so that the disease does not start spreading.
as part of the dengue preventive measures, we have decided to secure our industrial areas first, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
so far, six dengue patients have been found in bhubaneswar this monsoon.
all of them are undergoing treatment at capital hospital.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will also carry out an eviction drive to remove the dens of rag pickers in association with the bhubaneswar development authority.
there are many rag pickers in rasulgarh and mancheswar areas and the area is a perfect breeding ground for the dengue-causing aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
the civic body has also divided the mancheswar-rasulgarh industrial area into four parts and deployed one sanitary, health and cleaning official in each of the areas.
the field teams will be in charge of awareness and cleaning activities and will report the dengue situation every day directly to the municipal commissioner.
taking a lesson from cuttack, the corporation has also roped in the industrial infrastructure development corporation (idco), which is the administrative authority of the industrial estates, to carry out cleaning and dengue awareness activities in the areas.
a whatsapp group has also been created with members, such as deputy commissioner, sanitary officers, local health officials and private cleaning staff.
the group will act as a platform to get updates on the day-to-day activities of the civic body officials.
sandeep mishradownpour: two women shield themselves from the rain in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the low-pressure induced rain that continues to lash the city since last evening has brought normal life to a standstill, leaving several areas waterlogged.
the wet spell also forced the mercury to dip below normal.
the met office here said the weather condition would continue for another 24 hours.
the minimum and maximum temperatures will further drop because of wet weather conditions and presence of moisture in the air.
weather experts say the incessant rain, which intensified further on wednesday, has been triggered by a low-pressure over the bay of bengal.
the met department has said in its bulletin that a well-marked low pressure stayed stationed over west-central and southwest bay of bengal.
though the rain brought down the temperature, residents here suffered the most.
i arrived here on tuesday evening and had planned to visit some tourist destinations on wednesday with my family.
but the rain washed away all my plans, said pramila mohanty, a resident of baripada, who was seen stranded at khandagiri.
as the rainfall created problems for commuters, many preferred to not step out, leaving the streets deserted in the middle of the week.
the weather is unusual.
neither can one use a raincoat, nor warm clothes.
the temperature had dipped significantly.
i had to hire a cab to reach office on wednesday morning, said aakash das, a resident of sailashree vihar.
incidents of waterlogging were also reported from several areas including nayapalli, acharya vihar, ggp colony and the old town.
commuters brave wednesdays rain in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patiour officials have rushed to places whenever they received complaints about waterlogging.
as it rain has not been heavy, water in most areas receded fast, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
train services were also hit due to the weather condition.
sources said several trains were delayed or rescheduled due to the rain.
i was waiting for the rourkela-puri express that came almost one-and-a-half hours late, said sumit mishra, a resident of balangir at bhubaneswar railway station on wednesday.
the total rainfall here on wednesday was 24.
4mm, while the maximum and minimum temperatures were 22.
2c and 19c, respectively.
puri received the maximum rainfall of 42mm, followed by 34mm in chandbali, 33mm in paradip and 27mm in gopalpur.
in the next 24 hours, the weather officials have predicted more rain in southern and northern belts of the state with heavy rainfall at one or two places of coastal odisha and adjoining gajapati, rayagada, kandhamal and nayagarh districts.
the met department has also warned of strong and gusty surface wind blowing in from the easterly direction in south odisha and northeasterly direction in north odisha.
the wind is expected to clock a speed of 55kmph may and will prevail along and off odisha coast.
the bulletin also has a word of caution for fishermen.
it says that the sea is likely to be rough along and off odisha coast.
a median occupied by hawkers and (below) a plantation on a median along a newly widened road in bhubaneswar.
pictures by sanjib mukherjee bhubaneswar, july 4: encroachments on medians are set to get a green shove across the city.
recently, the odisha forest development corporation had sought the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's co-operation to plant saplings on medians to create green zones on several roads.
along with a touch of greenery, the move will also deal a body blow to encroachers.
such vacant medians are subsequently encroached up on by cabins and temporary kiosks, which has become a menace in the locality and disturbing the natural landscape of the area.
we would suggest that these areas may be allotted to the forest body along with funds for landscape development with plantation of ornamental shrubs, plants within grill fencing, the forest body's communication to the municipal corporation said.
the authorities will plant mainly shrubs, including sunari trees, in these stretches.
the municipal corporation will identify the areas and communicate it back to the forest body.
civic body sources said they had received the letter from the housing and urban development department and were working on preparing a proposal in this regard.
we will communicate back to the government after identifying the medians for landscape development.
we will also calculate the funds needed for the project, said a civic body official.
the letter was first sent to the general administration department that had forwarded it to the forest and environment department.
the forest department took up the issue with the housing and urban development department, which forwarded the proposal to the municipal corporation as the civic body takes care of the medians.
the forest body's divisional manager, plantation, t.k. sahu said they had already developed the median from nandankanan to trisuslia along the newly developed road from barang to cuttack and were maintaining the median.
if the government provides us other medians in the city, we will replicate the same project, said sahu.
the forest body will also maintain the trees with regular watering and trimming.
notably, the municipal corporation has also taken up median plantation programmes in various parts of the city under its beautification project.
at present, the civic body is developing the median between raj bhavan and jayadev vihar square and will take up the road divider between jayadev vihar and patia square in the next phase.
the civic body, along with other private partners, is looking after the plantation programme on the city medians.
besides, the forest body is already taking care of the stretch in front of nandankanan.
however, there are still many medians left without plantation, for which it has extended a helping hand.
we have already developed many medians in the city.
the present projects between raj bhavan and patia square had been taken up in public-private partnership mode.
more such projects will be taken up in the future, said jena.
despite the beautification projects, major stretches such as bapuji nagar to vani vihar square, siripur to fire station square and pokhariput level crossing to gandamunda do not have green cover.
damana resident sukanya satapathy said that after the super cyclone in 1999, several trees were uprooted in the city.
the city is witnessing a similar with various development projects taking a toll on trees.
trees had to be felled for the rajmahal underpass and railway overbridges at saheed nagar, pokhariput and vss nagar.
the officials should ensure plantation as they are mercilessly felling trees, said satapathy.
bhubaneswar, april 3: residents will be able to move around the city on local trains as authorities have decided to have a suburban railway system here to strengthen the public transport system.
the proposed suburban railway system will connect the city's local stations.
at present, there are five local railway stations in the city - mancheswar, lingaraj temple road, vani vihar, sarkantara and patia.
all these are located within 12km from bhubaneswar railway station.
the centre has asked us to come up with a report to implement the suburban railway system in the city, said a senior official of the housing and urban development department that has initiated the process with an eye on transit-oriented solutions in the city.
the officials will prepare the detailed projecy report after which the cost will be decided.
at present, there are no deadlines or operational time fixed for the project.
the east coast railway and the state government are also in the process of constructing another new station near barang on the city outskirts.
we are in talks with railway officials and other stakeholders, including the transport department and officials of bhubaneswar smart city limited, for the project.
we will conduct a feasibility survey and come up with the detailed project report that would be submitted to the union government for funding by the end of april, the official said.
vani vihar and (above) lingaraj temple road railway station in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee pati sources said that after the feasibility survey and submission of the project report to the centre, a special purpose vehicle would be formed to execute the project.
the implementation of the suburban railway system here would be cost effective since it would be integrated with the city's existing railway network, the official said.
at present, only chennai, lucknow, calcutta, mumbai, delhi, pune, bangalore, hyderabad and ahmedabad have suburban railway networks.
the country's largest suburban railway in chennai has six tracks and covers about 896km of the city.
but, the city administration needs to construct more railway tracks and spend on developing infrastructure such as railway signals to implement the system here.
earlier, we had a plan to introduce the mono-railway system in the twin cities of cuttack and bhubaneswar.
later, the plan was dropped because of the absence of infrastructure and higher project cost, said the mayor.
jena said bhubaneswar smart city limited, the state capital's special purpose vehicle to execute the smart city projects here, would help the government implement the suburban railway system.
the city's public transport is not in a good condition.
there are not enough city buses and autorickshaws.
besides, the private cab operators often have an upper hand over the commuters.
there is a need to develop and strengthen the public transport.
the introduction of local trains would be a welcome move, said jatni resident shyamli mohanty.
at present, there are no local trains running in the city.
besides, bhubaneswar puri transport services limited is operating around 100 intra-city buses on only 10 city routes.
it does not cover the entire city and also provides an opportunity to the operators of private vehicle monopoly over the business.
however, in the near future, the city administration is planning to increase the number of city buses to about 600 under the smart city project.
mayor anantanarayanjena takes stock of the jaundice situation at munda sahi in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, march 15: thirty-seven cases of jaundice were reported from munda sahi, a slum in jayadev vihar, in the last two days.
a medical team - consisting of one doctor, one pharmacist and one nurse - found 35 jaundice cases at munda sahi yesterday and two cases today.
the medical team has been camping at munda sahi for the last three days.
mayor anantanarayanjena today visited the slum and interacted with the aggrieved residents.
he has ordered closure of nearly 12 open wells, which might pose health risks, at the slum.
tanks carrying safe drinking water were stationed at various places of the slum.
bhubaneswar municipal corporation officials today distributed halogen tablets to all households in the area and free medicine and glucose to the affected people.
anganwadi workers and members of mahila arogya samiti visited households in the slum and spread awareness on measures to prevent further outbreak of the water-borne disease.
yesterday, civic officials met to take stock of the situation and decided to cover the open wells on a priority basis to avoid contamination of groundwater.
besides, the municipal corporation has also identified the vulnerable pockets and decided to have 100 kiosks to create awareness on jaundice among the citizens.
jaundice has already spread panic in cuttack.
we have to check its recurrence here, said jena.
elaborating the measures the municipal corporation was taking, jena said: we will take more efforts in this connection.
we have designed special leaflets for distribution among slum dwellers to create awareness about jaundice.
prevention is always better than cure, and we are extra care in this regard.
a team of health officials have been formed for water-quality surveillance and health monitoring in the city.
the officials should focus more on the supply of safe drinking water, said unit-iii resident bhagirathi jena.
officials at a meeting on the progress of the smart city project in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, feb.
13: a team from the union ministry of urban development will be here this week to review the progress of the smart city project.
officials of bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) are preparing to brief the delegation.
the central team, led by smart city mission director sameer sharma, will be in the city on wednesday.
the state housing and urban development department has already alerted the smart city officials to be ready with the status report.
sources said the mission director would get updates on the progress of institutional arrangements such as establishment of the special purpose vehicle, number of tendered projects, number of projects to be started and completed before june 25, status of smart projects such as water supply, roads and health.
the mission director will be here on february 15 and we will have a preparatory meeting the previous day.
we have already communicated about the programme to our officials and asked them to get ready with the status report.
the director will get updates of the smart city projects of both bhubaneswar and rourkela, said a senior official of the housing and urban development department.
the bscl officials are positive about the visit since they believe they are ahead of other cities in the execution of the smart city projects.
we won the smart city challenge last year.
we were the first to kick off the special purpose vehicle.
all the projects are on time and we are hopeful of a positive feedback from the centre, said mayor ananta naryan jena.
the officials have so far floated tenders for smart janpath, modern traffic signalling system and two multi-storey parking facilities at saheed nagar and unit-ii.
they have also formed a separate special purpose vehicle for the railway station multi-modal hub to come up at master canteen square.
the smart city projects are going on schedule.
we have already floated tenders for some of the major projects, including the smart traffic signalling system.
the officials are working and we hope to install the system in at least three or four junctions by the end of this month.
we are in the process of preparing reports for other projects and hope to float tenders for at least 11 projects by the end of march, said bscl managing director krishan kumar.
however, saheed nagar resident niraj mahanand said the officials were only talking big but doing was being done in reality.
he said: it's over an year since the city won the contest.
but where is the transformation?
the administration is saying the projects are on time but i cannot see a single change in the city's infrastructure.
sandeep mishradecision time: officials at the civic bodys council meet in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation on wednesday launched a special development plan that will facilitate additional infrastructure funds for under-developed wards, mostly those in the city's peripheral areas.
to distribute funds for infrastructure development, the corporation has divided 13 wards into two categories.
wards under category a under will get rs 1 crore and those in category b will receive rs 50 lakh to expedite development.
there will be six wards in the first category and seven in the second one.
the proposal was passed during the council meeting of the civic body on wednesday.
ward nos.
4, 5, 18, 23, 49 and 65 are in the first category and ward nos.
3, 22, 44, 59, 64, 66 and 67 come in the second one.
the funds will be used to spruce up under-developed segments of these wards, said a civic body official.
in a bid to bring transparency in the new plan, the authorities have decided to prepare a document in consultation with respective zonal officers and executive engineers.
the plan will take up development projects such as street lights, waste management, parks, playground, neighbourhood market, roads and drains.
the civic body also passed its annual budget of rs 430 crore.
the civic body has also decided to keep rs 67.
79 crore for solid waste management.
the corporation has also sanctioned rs 21 crore to strengthen the animal birth control programme.
we have decided to intensify dog catching and sterilisation activities.
more vehicles will be procured for this, said a civic body official.
municipal commissioner, who was also present during wednesday's council meeting, asked for a drainage improvement plan to be drafted in coordination with all departments.
he also directed the drainage division to prepare a monsoon plan well in advance.
mayor anantanarayanjena requested the councillors to take up development work in their wards while adhering to the schedule.
the council was also briefed about the ambitious biju yuva bahini project to motivate youth between 15 and 35 years to promote sports and related activities at the ward-level.
sandeep mishradebris from thermocol boats at the brahmeswar temple in bhubaneswar on saturday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the water bodies across the city, including the bindu sagar at old town, were left polluted with miniature boats made of paper, thermocol and plantain trunk as devotees floated them to celebrate boita bandana on saturday.
despite the administration's efforts to stop the use of non-disposable items, the devotees used those such as sola, inviting a threat to the flora and fauna of the water bodies.
we had urged the people to use eco-friendly miniature boats made of paper, plantain trunk and other such things since those are disposable, but in vain, said an official of the civic body.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, along with other voluntary organisations, including the indian red cross (odisha branch), started cleanliness drive from the bindu sagar and then in other water bodies of the city.
we directed our private sanitary agencies to put focus on cleaning of the water bodies, mainly the bindu sagar, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we can't ask the people to stop celebrating the festival, but we had time and again asked them not to pollute the water with thermacol-like materials.
we are doing our job and will clean the pond by sunday, he said.
besides, various kinds of colours on the paper boats are inviting another danger to the water bodies.
thermocol is highly hazardous since they never melt.
the colours of the paper and other such boats also made a major impact to the environment, said environmentalist alok mohanty.
not only bindu sagar, waters of the kuakhai and the daya also got polluted after saturday's rituals.
the civic body deployed their officials to clean the water and disinfect the same using bleach.
smaller water bodies in the city such as the bhotapada tank, fishery tank, the gangua and other such water bodies also bore the brunt of pollution.
i observed the festival by floating the boats in a tub inside my house.
i have been doing it since past three years since it never pollute the river water nor pose any threat to the environment.
even if one is using the boats, it should be made of plantain trunk, said damana resident sushil mishra.
mayor anantanarayanjena with supporters in a victory rally and (below) the newly elected bjd councillors at their first meeting in bhubaneswar on friday.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, jan.
17: putting all speculation to rest, anantanarayanjena was elected the mayor here today.
jena becomes the first person to become mayor of bhubaneswar for two consecutive terms since the corporation was formed in 2003.
his election was a mere formality as chief minister naveen patnaik had announced his name in the morning.
a three-time councillor from the ruling bjd, jena was also the winner with the highest margin of votes this time.
he defeated his nearest rival by a margin of 4,334 votes.
hundreds of jena supporters today gathered near the corporation office since early morning hours with bouquets in hand.
after the declaration of the result by municipal commissioner sanjib kumar mishra, they organised a procession for jena that went round the city.
jena was the only candidate to file his nomination.
he was declared elected after 1pm as it was the deadline to withdraw nomination papers, if any, mishra said.
earlier in the morning, naveen declared jena as the partys candidate for the mayors post.
all the bjd councillors were present at naveen nivas when the announcement was made.
leader of the independent councillors and bjd rebel biranchi narayan mahasupakar said: we are behind jena and will extend all support to him in the future.
jena thanked the voters and said that the rehabilitation of slum dwellers, renovation of drainage channels, sewer lines, drinking water and road construction on the outskirts would be his priority.
born on january 5, 1969, jena, popularly known as bunu, had his schooling at unit viii high school and then went to rajdhani college, bhubaneswar.
in his college day, he was the athletics secretary and then the general secretary of the students union.
after graduation, he got his law degree from utkal university.
under jenas leadership, the corporation won the united nations sasakawa award for disaster reduction in 2011.
in the same year, the corporation also launched the clean bhubaneswar campaign.
jenas election was also welcomed by other aspirants for the post.
while four-time councillor seikh nizammudin said that the partys decision was apt, two-time winner and bjd youth leader amaresh jena said he was never in the race.
mahamaya swain, who came to the forefront as a woman candidate, said: the speculation over me was a creation of the media and the party supremos decision is final.
former councillor malay kumar mohapatra told the telegraph that despite opposition from certain quarters, jenas re-election as mayor had proved that his good work had been rewarded.
after the election of the mayor, all eyes are now on the post of the deputy mayor.
going by the convention it is most likely that a woman councillor will be elected as deputy mayor.
the election to the post of deputy mayor will be held on february 5.
political sources said former deputy mayor bharati singh, two-time councillors k shanti and mahamaya swain and newcomer pritinanda routray were in the race for deputy mayors post.
however, the bjd president will take the final decision on who becomes the deputy mayor.
bhubaneswar, july 20: the public health engineering organisation has come up with a monsoon plan to ensure smooth supply of drinking water to those living in the city's low-lying areas that often gets flooded during rains.
according to the plan, control rooms will be set up at public health offices to act on complaints lodged by residents.
one nodal officer will monitor the functioning of these control rooms.
at present, the city has three such control rooms functioning at vani vihar, saheed nagar and one behind the secretariat.
public health engineering organisation officials have also put a round the clock surveillance and monitoring system in place.
there will be dedicated manpower at treatment plants to facilitate immediate restoration in case of breakdown.
incessant rain during monsoon submerges the low-lying areas of acharya vihar, nayapalli, behera sahi, jayadev vihar, bhimatangi, jagamohan nagar, bomikhal, laxmi sagar, soubhagya nagar, palasuni, nayapally and old town.
nayapally resident rabindra parida said following a heavy rain several parts of his locality remain waterlogged for days.
this leads power failure and even water supply to these places is affected.
if there is no electricity, there is no water.
safe drinking water has become a necessity during monsoon in such situations.
i hope that the plan of the administration works, said parida.
public health engineering organisation superintending engineer chittaranjan jena told the telegraph that a mobile squad had also been kept ready to handle any kind of exigencies.
our job is to ensure smooth water supply to the people for which this action plan has been prepared, said jena.
he added that low-lying areas have been identified and if any emergency arises, public health engineering organisation would take immediate measures.
water tankers have been kept on stand-by and they will be despatched to the affected areas in case incessant rain leads to flooding of the areas, jena said.
sources said the public health engineering organisation had nearly 100 such tankers to tackle emergency situations.
moreover, officials have also decided to put up plastic water tanks in vulnerable areas during emergencies.
plastic tanks will be put in place to take care of water-related problems, said jena.
a quality testing mechanism has been put in place to avoid contamination of water and spread of water-borne diseases.
to do that, mobile units have been deployed to collect water samples from vulnerable points and test them.
the supplement these efforts, the civic body has also initiated steps such as de-silting drains and cleaning the 10 natural drainage channels to avoid flood in the low-lying areas.
we have completed cleaning and de-silting work and ensured that the low-lying areas are not be affected due to heavy rain, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondentsporting heroes: murals near kalinga stadium in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the sports and youth services department has finalised locations for memorials commemorating the organisation of the men's hockey world cup here in november following consolations with the development authority.
the officials held a meeting earlier this month and decided on a location between bidyut marg and the boundary wall of kalinga stadium along gate no.
3 as the most appropriate.
we were considering major junctions, but now we have confirmed the site near the stadium, said a development authority official.
sources said examples of other such memorials in different cities across the world commemorating events such as the olympic games will be considered while designing the memorials.
the memorial will be crafted using stone to ensure sustainability.
the bhubaneswar urban knowledge centre, a wing of bhubaneswar smart city limited, will design the memorials and take care of installations.
we have decided to make the memorial out of stone and to see if it fits with the city's environment and heritage, said the official.
during the meeting, the officials also decided on a competition to invite ideas and designs for the memorial from the public.
we have got inclusive designs from the public for many such initiatives.
we will open a competition, get designs and reward the winners, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides planning on the memorial, the authorities have also decided to take up a beautification and plantation drive across the city.
it is a great opportunity for us to host such a big event and we don't want to miss out on it.
we want to live up to expectations after hosting several big events, said jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: social workers here have demanded a ward for destitute persons at the municipal hospital.
they have already reached out to the bhubaneswar municipal corporation over their demand.
the number of destitute in the city is on the rise.
they take shelters here and there and need to be brought together and given care, said social worker alok mohanty.
they have urged the corporation to open the ward at the old town hospital with adequate manpower where the poor would be cared for.
providing only a roof will not help.
they should be given proper care, including timely food and medication, said sarthak hota, another social worker.
at present, the capital hospital at unit-vi has a destitute ward, but lacks manpower to provide proper services.
the staff members of the tuberculosis ward take care of the day-to-day activities at this ward.
there is an urgent need of additional manpower to deal with the requirements of the destitute.
they need to be monitored regularly.
many of them are old and often lose their senses.
this needs to be properly dealt with, said a paramedic at the tuberculosis ward.
we have been upgrading the facilities at the hospital and will explore the option of opening such a ward with adequate people at the hospital, said jena.
he said the proposal and its financial and administrative requirements would be put in front of the councillors and other officials in the upcoming council meeting.
we will take up the matter and consider the demand, he said.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar smart city limited chief executive officer r vineel krishna launches the e-office initiative on saturday.
telegraph picturebhubaneswar: the smart city implementing agency has decided to go digital by implementing the ambitious e-office project for all administrative transactions in the future.
bhubaneswar smart city limited chief executive officer r. vineel krishna rolled out a pilot initiative of the e-office project on saturday and, to commemorate the occasion, a few files were also moved in the e-office portal.
the e-office is an initiative that automates file and correspondence movement.
the project will enable the smart city's office to go entirely paperless and reduce manual hand-offs and lead to higher efficiency.
as conventional files consume papers, the e-office will be a green initiative to help conserve the natural ecosystem, said a smart city official.
he said the initiative would ensure faster movement of files as the system could be monitored and any delays could be addressed to ensure hiccup-free movement.
sources said it would also streamline the processes across departments or agencies and reduce the time taken to move files from one department to another.
the initiative will result in better inter-departmental coordination and cooperation, they added.
the e-office will allow officials to monitor the flow of files to different levels.
similarly, alerts, notifications, and reminders would facilitate faster execution of the files.
the e-office will ensure secure access to information and foster better collaboration between different government agencies with bhubaneswar smart city limited.
it will be a smart tool to reshape the traditional file management system, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
home for all bhubaneswar, april 26: the state government plans to construct two rental-housing complexes in the city at sampur and chandrasekharpur to provide quality life to the urban poor.
the foundation stone for the projects will be laid on may 1.
while the public works department will remain the nodal agency for the housing projects, the bhubaneswar development authority, bhub-aneswar municipal corporation and the bhubaneswar smart city limited will execute the project in public-private-partnership mode.
the rental complexes will accommodate mainly the city's construction workers and migrant labourers.
the dwelling units will be fully furnished with electrical fittings and equipment, furniture and interior designing.
we have identified two sites for the projects.
each complex will have three floors and a basement.
we will demarcate the land shortly and float the tender.
a private real-estate developer will take up the project, said a works department official.
the rental-housing project is a part of the government's housing-for-all scheme, which was launched in 2015.
besides this, the government, through different development authorities, is also taking up affordable housing projects across the state.
in january, the works department submitted proposals to execute four rental housing projects here - two of which will come up within the civic body limits.
according to the new plans, the smart city project will be taken under consideration while designing the new complexes.
we are taking steps to uplift the urban poor.
we are the country's smartest city and there is a need to ensure quality life for all.
the rental complexes will serve the purpose.
the labourers will pay minimum rent for living a comfortable life in the complexes, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
citizens also welcomed the step.
the city needs infrastructure in tandem with its growing rate of population.
there is a need to provide proper living arrangements to the urban poor since they cannot afford much and without them a city like this cannot grow.
we need them and there is a need to provide quality life to them, said goutam nagar resident omkar nath.
bhubaneswar, july 30: the council of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) today decided to place a proposal before the state government to include 21 gram panchayats and two revenue villages to enable the civic body attain metropolitan status.
this requires a mandatory 10 lakh population.
according to the 2011 census, the city has a population of about 8.
4 lakh.
the proposed 21 gram panchayats to be included are sishupal, basuaghai, barimunda, raghunathpur, kalarahanga, paikarapur, tamando, patrapada, andharua, chandaka, pratapsasan, chhatabara, janla, madanpur, dadha, pradhansahi, pubasasan, dhauli, satyabhamapur, kalyanpur and itipur.
the bmc also proposes to bring revenue villages daruthenga and mendhasal under its fold.
in november last year, the bmc council had passed a resolution to include 15 gram panchayats and two revenue villages in its fold.
as a result, the total population had gone up to 9.
77 lakh.
but, later the civic body selected six more gram panchayats with a population of 30,234 making the total population 10.
08 lakh.
the increase in the size of the municipal area would help the civic body provide basic amenities to areas on the outskirts of the city where the urbanisation process was progressing at a rapid pace, said a bmc official.
in 2009, the municipal council had proposed inclusion of five revenue villages  subudhipur, bhagbanpur, patrapada, sankarpur and paikrapur  in its fold and later passed another resolution in 2011 to include three gram panchayats of which the five villages were part.
but, the state government is yet to take a decision in the matter.
kalinga vihar falls in this area but it does not enjoy the basic civic amenities as it still lies within panchayat limits.
municipal commissioner vishal kumar dev said that with the increase in the area there would be a pressure on the central office of the civic body.
hence, it had been decided to set up five zonal offices in different parts of the city.
the assembly and (right) protesters sit on a dharna outside it (file pictures) bhubaneswar, feb 20: be ready to burn a hole in your pocket the next time you plan to agitate on the busy mahatma gandhi marg here.
in the wake of the budget session of the assembly, which is scheduled to start tomorrow, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has decided to levy a charge to those who plan to organise dharnas on this road.
according to the latest order of the civic body, any individual or organisation staging a sit-in on this arterial road connecting the city railway station with the assembly will have to pay them rs 1,000.
while the municipal corporation defended the move saying it was aimed at preventing environment pollution by the protesters who littered the site with all kinds of garbage, political parties and activists from all quarters protested in chorus against the corporations decision to make the most democratic form of protest a costly affair.
leading activist tapasi praharaj termed the municipal corporations order as undemocratic and said it was aimed at stifling the voice of the people.
they want to minimise agitations close to the assembly, which is the symbol of power, said praharaj.
while communist party of india leader abani baral described the order as unfortunate, cpm leader janardan pati said: it is injustice to ask people to pay to exercise their democratic right.
the only ones to welcome the move were the environmentalists.
however, they said the civic authorities should show the same kind of zeal in containing pollution being caused by other factors as well.
if the people have to pay for participating in a democratic form of protest, then why is the civic body not taking any action against those who are polluting the environment and obstructing roads by dumping building materials on roads?
said bijay mishra, an environmentalist.
in this case, we have considered the environmental aspect before deciding the charges.
it will also help create environmental awareness among the agitators.
city health officer chandrika prasad das said: whenever there is a dharna on the mahatma gandhi marg, the protesters pollute the environment by littering the area.
local residents frequently complain about the bad smell emanating from the place whenever there is a protest.
not surprisingly, local residents are happy with the corporations order.
we had moved court in 2007 against agitations being organised in our area.
we had pleaded to the state government to stop giving permission for rallies and demonstrations on this busy stretch and shift the venue as it causes serious sound pollution here, said k. jayalaxmi, a senior citizen and a local resident.
even the court had given a directive on the issue then.
however, nothing had been done after that though alternative protest sites were selected by the district administration.
the latest order of the municipal corporation will definitely help restricting the agitating organisations from causing pollution in the area, added jayalaxmi.
a kalyan mandap at saheed nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 19: marriage ceremonies and other social events will become much easier to organise with the bhubaneswar municipal corporation identifying locations to set up 19 more kalyan mandaps in the city.
while 17 of the proposed 19 locations belong to the general administration department, the odisha state housing board owns the other two plots.
the corporation has also forwarded the file seeking land from the general administration department and the housing board to set up the kalyan mandaps.
this years civic budget has sanctioned funds for setting up kalyan mandaps in areas that include rasulgarh, lumbini vihar, sundarpada, bjb nagar, patia, maitri vihar and paika nagar.
after a discussion with the corporation members, we have identified 19 places to set up kalyan mandaps.
we have kept in mind that these cover all areas of the civic body, said city engineer t.b.k. shroff.
at present, the corporation has seven kalyan mandaps in the city, along with two other community centres, where marriages and other social gatherings are held.
however, during peak wedding season, the mandaps, which charges between rs 9,300 and rs 18,000 with facilities of lawn and parking, remain booked.
this often forces residents to hire other venues at a higher price.
moreover, many private community centres rake in huge money without obtaining prior licence from the corporation as the existing facilities are not adequate for the city with a population of nearly 9,00,000.
earlier, ward officers of the civic body had alleged that many house owners used their premises as community centres, generated huge solid waste and the civic authorities ended up cleaning them.
once the land is allotted to the corporation, construction of the mandaps will begin, said jena.
moreover, the corporation is planning to upgrade the existing seven mandaps in the city.
sources said tenders had already been floated for renovation of the venues.
however, lack of proper parking place at the existing venues was a major concern for the residents and the authorities as well.
almost all the seven existing locations do not have adequate parking place, which often results in traffic chaos in the area during events.
the authorities need to ensure sufficient parking place, along with all other facilities, said bharat kumar behera, a saheed nagar resident.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, along with its empanelled artists, have decked up the city railway station area to extend an artistic welcome to those stepping into the city for the mens hockey world cup.
the station area is grabbing attention with the artists painting the huge tin partitions put up to cover the ongoing construction sites at master canteen.
the artworks include themes such as the recently introduced mo bus and mo cycle programmes of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc).
we have painted the boundary walls of various government offices and quarters across the city, but when it comes to the railway station, we encountered a problem since the ongoing work has given a bad look to the area.
our artists have come up with the idea to paint the tins and we have executed it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides, the painting on the tin partitions, the administration has also installed a 20ft long i love bhubaneswar logo just outside the station.
this logo has been illuminated with an attractive lighting system, while the administration is taking up plantation around the logo.
benches are being installed to give the place the look of a plaza.
i have seen such logos only on television.
it is for the first time that i am looking at such a beautiful installation.
looking at it, i feel proud to be a resident of bhubaneswar.
i have seen this two days back and today came with my family to click selfies with it, said niraj singh, a resident of surya nagar.
a similar installation finds its place at sishu bhawan square  ekamrakshetra  that is considered the gateway to the old town, which houses a number of heritage monuments and treasures such as rajarani temple, parsurameswar temple and lingaraj temple.
the city has indeed transformed for the hockey world cup.
the administration has set the standards and showed that bhubaneswar is not an underdog anymore.
the city has the capability to host such grand event and in grand manner, which no one did in the earlier world cup events, said debraj jena, a resident of kharvela nagar.
another gateway, the biju patnaik international airport has also been decorated to welcome the visitors.
though no artwork has been taken place at the airport area, the authorities have put up giant banners inside as well as outside.
the attempt is to showcase the citys monuments in grandeur.
however, no attempt has been made to deck up the baramunda bus terminal, which is also a major gateway to the city.
we have repaired the roads and fixed other infrastructure at the bus terminal, but decorating it for the event was difficult, said a civic body official.
bhubaneswar, june 7: problems over the bhuasuni dumping yard keep multiplying for the municipal corporation with the prime minister's office (pmo) now asking for a report after villagers sought its intervention.
the dumping yard is located at daruthenga on the outskirts of the city where villagers have been protesting to demand its relocation.
the protesters had clashed with police yesterday over this.
the municipal corporation has received a communication from the pmo seeking clarifications on the issue.
the daruthenga villagers had sent a grievance petition to the pmo alleging that the civic body was violating all norms of dumping and disposal of solid waste at bhuasuni.
the petition sought immediate relocation of the dumping yard.
the petition filed by daruthenga sarpanch prashant kumar routray alleged that the present method of waste disposal in bhuasuni was unsanitary and uncontrolled as waste was being dumped unscientifically at the landfill site.
once the collected waste is dumped, it is covered with soil and levelled with bulldozers.
there is no attempt at stopping the leakage of leachate or waste constituents to prevent contamination of the soil and groundwater sources in the vicinity.
the leachate generated is not collected and treated properly before being discharged into any water bodies.
this poses tremendous health hazards from toxic metal, said the petition.
the villagers also alleged that the present landfill site of bhuasuni is located about one kilometre from nandankanan and barely 500 meters from the chandaka dampara wildlife sanctuary.
hence, they said, bhuasuni falls in an eco-sensitive zone and dumping of waste in such an area is illegal according to the environmental (protection) act of 1986.
in march, villagers of daruthenga had locked up the dumping yard, following which top officials of the state government had held a meeting with the villagers and promised to relocate the yard to the nearby tulsadeipur.
later, the civic body had decided to convert tulsadeipur mouza into a landfill site and set up the proposed waste-to-energy plant at bhuasuni.
the civic body's plan also includes taking possession of the dumping yard with round-the-clock security at the place, a site office and boundary wall.
it has also proposed to develop a green barrier between the designated dump yard and daruthenga village.
mayor anantanarayanjena asserted that the municipal corporation was not violating any norms.
we are not violating any norms in management of solid waste at the dumping yard.
as we promised, we have assured all necessary provision for the villagers and also a clean environment for the residents.
we want support from all to keep the city clean and green, said jena.
talking to the telegraph earlier, municipal commissioner krishan kumar said the additional dumping site at tulsadeipur was surrounded by an eco-sensitive zone, but the site itself did not fall in this zone.
the civic body is in talks with the pollution control board for its approval after which the site will be used for waste dumping in emergency, said the commissioner.
our correspondentan led-lit stretch in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: residents can expect overall development of their localities as the state government has decided to allocate an additional grant of rs 50 lakh to each of the municipal wards in the city every year.
the grant will be sanctioned under the recently launched unnati scheme of the state government, wherein the local councillors and other civic body officials will assess and undertake various projects - roads, drains and street lights.
earlier, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation used to provide rs 1.
5 crore to the wards from its annual budget.
with the additional grant, the wards will now get a total of rs 2 crore to undertake developments from the forthcoming financial year.
the state government launched the scheme to provide an overall infrastructure development to the urban areas.
we need to regulate the spending as we have fixed the financial ceiling for the wards, said a housing and urban development department official.
the wards in municipal corporations will get rs 50 lakh each, whereas it is rs 25 lakh for municipalities and rs 15 lakh for the notified area councils of the state.
at present, the state has 112 such urban local bodies, where the funds will be distributed in the manner fixed by the department.
in 2015, the corporation had provided rs 70 lakh to each ward.
it had been raised to rs 1 crore in the 2016 annual budget and simultaneously to rs 1.
5 crore in this year's budget.
increasing number of complaints regarding poor infrastructure always burdened the councillors.
with the additional fund, it will get easy for them, he said.
mayor anantanarayanjena welcomed the decision.
infrastructures such as street lights, roads and drains need to be maintained or created on periodic basis.
the additional funds will definitely help us take up the work with ease, said jena.
sailashree vihar resident narayan ojha said the wards were getting enough funds for the development, but the officials needed to ensure its proper utilisations.
they should not spend the money in unnecessary developments.
they will have to check the requirement and look forward to spending it properly, said ojha, a corporate employee.
cars parked haphazardly at khandagiri in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, oct.
16: lack of basic civic amenities and haphazard parking beset the ancient khandagiri-udayagiri caves and lingaraj temple, which are some of the most popular tourist destinations in the city.
the absence of safe drinking water kiosks and toilets at these places is a major problem for tourists many of whom come not only from various parts of the state and outside but also from other countries.
about 50 buses are parked at the bus stand near the khandagiri caves on weekends and public holidays.
but, lack of drinking water and unusable toilets reflect the sorry state of affairs of the site.
the bus stand has been leased out on tender by the odisha state road and transport corporation.
local vehicles have to pay rs 50 while those from outside pay rs 100 as parking fees there.
the water posts with six taps are lying either broken or unused as there is no water.
there are four toilets, but all of them are unusable as they do not have water facilities and one of them is filled with filth.
the lone tube well at the bus stand does not serve the purpose of providing safe drinking water to the tourists.
we are not sure whether the water from the tube well is safe enough to drink.
the authorities should arrange for safe drinking water facilities for tourists at the spot, said nirmalya kar, 47, a tourist from east midnapore in bengal.
he added that lack of toilet facilities was also a problem at the bus stand.
women face a lot of problems due to lack of toilets, kar added.
the bus stand is not being maintained properly as is evident from the waste that litters the place.
the area is filthy.
it is not cleaned on a daily basis, said narottam behera, 57, a tea seller.
asish mohanty, 45, a paediatrician at a private hospital in the area, said: khandagiri has already attained notoriety for criminal activities and poor civic upkeep.
the bus stand and the area around it should be maintained well for the sake of tourists as well as residents.
besides, haphazardly-parked small vehicles near the entrance of the caves create roadblocks at the busy stretch of the road that leads to two prominent private hospitals and residential complexes.
vehicles, including ambulances, often get stuck in traffic in the area.
absence of parking facility for small vehicles at such a prominent tourist destination is simply unacceptable.
small vendors selling ice cream and snacks also contribute to the problem, said manish jaiswal, 34, a businessman and resident of aiginia.
on the other hand, lingaraj temple, one of the most remarkable religious structures in the state, portrays a picture of civic apathy.
the area around the temple is choc-a-bloc with vehicles that are often parked haphazardly due to lack of proper parking provision.
since lingaraj temple is one of the most prominent shiv temples in the country, it attracts devotees not only from across india but also neighbouring nepal.
buses carrying devotees can be seen parked on the road from near srikhetra apartment to the temple leading to traffic congestion.
besides, the private parking area in front of the main entrance of the temple gets waterlogged after rain.
it is very difficult to wade through water from the parking area to the temple during the rainy season, said amarendra panigrahi, 37, a sales tax professional and resident of rasulgarh.
he added that poor upkeep of the parking place was a huge problem for visitors.
panigrahi said the civic authorities have neglected the temple for long and in order to make visiting the temple a pleasant experience, the civic problems need to be addressed as soon as possible.
he added that the civic body had been carrying out cleanliness drives at the temple surroundings on a regular basis.
he added that the problem regarding sanitation and lack of civic amenities at khandagiri and udayagiri caves would be addressed shortly.
a cleanliness drive would be undertaken in the area.
a traffic official said haphazardly parked small vehicles would be penalised.
we have urged the civic body to construct a dedicated parking space for small vehicles, he said.
sandeep mishrarisky road: students cross the road in front of ramadevi women's university in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: crossing janpath will be easier for students of rama devi women's university with bhubaneswar smart city limited beginning the process to install the first pelican crossing system in front of the institute.
pelican is an automatic system, which allows pedestrians to have control over the zebra crossing.
while crossing the road, they can turn the signal red by pressing a button.
after their exit, the lights will be changed in the usual way.
at present, the system is operational only in new delhi.
we have identified the critical places where the traffic is heavy, and pedestrians face difficulty crossing the roads.
once the system is installed, pedestrians can simply press the button and cross the road with ease, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the varsity students have to cross the busy janpath road, which is near the institute.
in the process, a number of major and minor accidents often take place at the spot.
to curb road mishaps, the authorities have constructed four speed breakers here.
a number of book stores, hotels and hostels are located on either side of the road.
we have to cross it every day.
accidents are a frequent affair here because of speeding vehicles.
the speed breakers are also of no use, said sangita panda, a student.
however, the pelican crossing system will come as a major relief for the students and others crossing janpath at this particular place.
we did stage demonstrations and demanded immediate measures to ensure safe crossing of the road.
we hope that the pelican system will prove beneficial for us.
but for that, vehicles, too, should follow the norms, said sushree ankita, another student.
the system will be a part of the modern traffic signalling system of the smart city mission.
the plan is to have 13 more such pelican crossings at important places across the city.
these places include road near bjb college, ice factory road, vits, ashok nagar bus stop, south and north of master canteen squaren, road near unit ix, keshari bus stop, press club road, east coast railway office, kiit, satabdi bus stop and the steward school.
a senior official said all the 14 pelican points would be installed at the identified places in the next four months.
we have installed modern traffic signals at 13 junctions.
work is under progress for the other 45 junctions.
blinkers will also be installed at five places, said the official.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has decided to conduct awareness activities across the city to sensitise citizens on the ill effects of unscientific management of faecal sludge.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has drafted a six-month work plan for the purpose.
the work plan was drafted in consultation with our sanitary officials.
we will begin with the activities from april and continue till september, said a civic body official.
as part of the plan, the civic body will begin with painting the walls at prominent locations in each of the 67 wards.
local councillors will identify the locations in consultation with the sanitary inspectors.
the wall painting will disseminate the message on the importance of managing the faecal sludge in a proper manner.
next, they will put up large rooftop hoardings at primary locations of the city.
this task will begin in april and continue for a month.
the target population through the hoardings will be the general public.
in order to cover the urban poor, the civic body will hold community meetings in the slums.
we have decided to cover each and every individual and sensitise them on the faecal sludge because water-borne diseases such a jaundice spread through it.
we have already been sensitising people through various media.
but this time, we will do it in an intensive manner, the official said.
the corporation will design posters and banners, which will be distributed to the people visiting the civic body's headquarters at goutam nagar in the next six months.
special pamphlets will also be designed and distributed to each and every household through daily newspapers.
proper management of faecal sludge is very important to avoid health hazards.
we are in the process of streamlining the activities for management of faecal sludge through awareness activities as well as our efforts to manage it through our sanitary officials, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the housing and urban development department had enforced faecal sludge management guidelines in february last year for the urban local bodies that aimed to ensure proper management of the sludge and avoid the occurrence of water-borne diseases born out of faecal contamination.
it is necessary to manage septage in a proper manner.
various parts of state witnessed outbreak of jaundice in the past because of faecal contamination, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
commuters make their way through heavy downpour triggered by a low pressure over bay of bengal in bhubaneswar on sunday.
picture by sanjib mukherjee bhubaneswar/cuttack, aug 3: the indian meteorological department has forecast heavy rainfall in the next 48 hours and this has panicked those living in low-lying areas of bhubaneswar and cuttack.
normal life was affected following the downpour that continued to lash the cities for the second consecutive day on sunday.
the only respite was that no locality was inundated as the weather had improved in the afternoon.
in cuttack, residents at sutahat, patapole, sikharpur, pithapur, meria bazar have started to shift their household goods as they apprehended inundation if the heavy rain forecast came true.
incessant rain and flooding in sambalpur with nearly 489.
7 mm in last 33 hours and release of water into the mahanadi river from hirakud reservoir have alarmed cuttack residents as flood in the mahanadi river system may affect people in the citys low-lying areas.
the retaining wall of the main storm water channel no.
1 near kesharpur has collapsed, while no step has been taken by the officials of cuttack municipal corporation (cmc) for its repairs.
we fear there will be waterlogging as waste water will spill on to the roads and enter our homes in case of heavy rain, said mohd qatar ali, a resident of kesharpur.
ali said that as both the mahanadi and the kathajodi are now in spate owing to the release of excess floodwater from the hirakud reservoir, there might be problems in the discharge of waste and rainwater from the city.
civic officials in cuttack, however, claimed that no incident of inundation has been reported in the last 24 hours, while adequate measures had been taken to deal with the waterlogging conditions in the city.
nearly, 170 motor pumps have been installed at different places, while focus has been given on clearance of accumulated water from several low-lying areas, a senior official said.
director of regional meteorological centre sarat chandra sahoo said: the low-pressure near the coast of bengal has induced rainfall all over the state that is mainly felt over north-eastern and north-western pockets of odisha.
in the twin cities of cuttack and bhubaneswar, it will rain for another 48 hours.
in the state capital region though, the rainfall during the last 33 hours has been 23.
9mm and the continuous drizzling kept most people indoors.
the rainy day like condition for last two days has affected my business.
if it continues, then i would suffer major loss, said grocery shop owner babuli swain.
people in the low-lying areas in the city such as chakeisiani, bomikhal, laxmisagar, brahmeswar bagh, bhimatangi, baramunda, pandav nagar and nayapalli are living in fear of inundation because of the forecast of more rain.
the emergency team of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has been told to remain on alert with two excavators and motor pumps.
we have asked every ward officer to report incidents of waterlogging immediately so that if needed the civic staff can be sent to manage the situation, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishratreat for sore eyes: wall painting at acharya vihar in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the government has formed a special city infrastructure development and beautification committee to prepare the city for the upcoming men's hockey world cup.
the committee will hold periodic meeting and fix details of infrastructure work that would be taken up.
it will also look after maintenance of the city's beatification drive that includes plantation drives and wall paintings.
it includes members from the public works department, housing and urban development department, police, odisha industrial infrastructure development corporation (idco), civic body, development authority and the central electricity supply utility of odisha (cesu).
we have seven months to prepare for the event.
we need to accomplish some major task.
this committee will help monitor the job at the top level, said a housing and urban development official.
sources said the top officials of the agencies, who have been inducted into the committee, will look after respective work assigned to the respective departments.
the works department and idco will look after the infrastructure work, while the police will make security arrangements.
the civic body and the development authority will coordinate with each other and look after possible eviction drives, take up plantation and wall painting drives, and cleaning and sanitation.
cesu will ensure that the ongoing underground cabling work is completed before november.
we will fix timelines for all activities and accordingly take up the work.
we need to make our work more specific to achieve the deadlines.
all the agencies will work in tandem and ensure that the city is ready before time, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
kharavela nagar resident sukanta patra said the city had earned laurels for hosting the asian athletics championship and the men's hockey world league.
hosting the world cup will be a big moment.
the administration needs to prove their worth now, said the shopkeeper.
our correspondenta womens rights activist speaks on the awareness campaign against gender violence in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the smart city implementing agency has teamed up with the civic body and the united nation population fund (unfpa) to begin a campaign against gender violence from saturday.
bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation have collaborated with unfpa on a series of activities in higher education institutions in the city.
the campaign theme leave no one behind: end violence against women and girls, adopted from the 2017 theme for the un secretary-general's 16-day unite to end violence against women campaign.
the theme reinforces our commitment to create a world free of violence for all women and girls.
this is one of our focus areas to build a socially smart bhubaneswar under the bscl-unfpa collaboration, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
as part of the socially smart bhubaneswar initiative, under the smart cities mission, a series of activities aim to raise awareness to end violence against women and mobilise people to bring change.
the authorities plan to organise activities such as poster, wall painting and slogan writing competitions at the b.k. college of art and crafts, a workshop on sexual harassment at workplace at the kiit university, 10 street plays at busy locations in the city by students.
we have planned a series of events in education institutions and open spaces as part of our commitment to create a safer society for women, said a bscl official.
besides, two legal awareness workshops for women self-help groups and community leaders of slums will also be organised by the humara bachpan trust, the implementing partner for the socially smart project.
the authorities plan to conduct a state-level workshop on safety of girls and women - issues and challenges.
over the past year, various initiatives have been taken under the socially smart bhubaneswar initiative to empower the city's women.
the authorities have also tried to create awareness on gender-based violence through interventions at slums and educational institutions.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the administration's dilly-dallying on the uniform heritage signage project for old town took a turn for the worse after it cancelled the tender for the project for the second time.
the project was initiated last december when the bhubaneswar development authority's heritage wing submitted a report for new signages.
the plan was to replace old and dilapidated signs for monuments at old town with new uniform heritage signage.
it had also prepared a design reflecting kalingan architectural style.
four signages for direction, information, location and map were planned and the civic body was to take up installation.
while officials claimed the tender was cancelled to incorporate more details into the project paper, civic body insiders said it was a face-saving measure after few takers showed interest.
the civic body had floated the original tender in october, but cancelled it earlier this month.
there were some flaws in the technical specifications of the tender papers for which we cancelled the tender.
we will incorporate the required details and issue a fresh tender.
it is an ambitious project and would add to the city's beauty, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
old town monuments have general signage with only the name.
some of these are in a bad shape.
location maps were installed at several places, but again it provides lesser information to the tourists.
the boards only have the names of the monuments, but we need more information.
there should be information about their inception and history.
such signages will give us an insight into the structures, which is necessary for outsiders like us, said prativa benerjee, a tourist to lingaraj temple from calcutta.
authorities will upgrade the unit-iv market in the city with state-of-the-art infrastructure to ensure a better experience for both shoppers and sellers.
officials of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and bhubaneswar smart city limited, the special purpose vehicle executing the smart city projects here, have started making plans for implementing the project.
the bscl had proposed the plan, following which a meeting was called with top civic officials to decide on the project modalities.
sources said a survey would be conducted to ascertain the existing infrastructure at the market after which a detailed project report would be prepared to give an overhaul to the market area.
the consultants engaged with the smart city projects will be roped in to accomplish the task.
we first discussed on the funding pattern for the project.
it was decided to raise the funds through municipal bonds.
the project report will also get prepared in consultation with vendors and other officials, said a smart city official.
the market that is spread over 4 acres houses many vendors and is popular, mainly because of the availability of a wide range of non-vegetarian items, including meat, fish and other poultry items.
it also has a vegetable market and other general stores.
at present, the vendors in the market have been categorised and provided with space for separate vending.
one segment of the market is categorised for the vegetable sellers, while another is for non-vegetarian item sellers.
there are smaller complexes where general stores were located.
but, the vegetable sellers have to sit on the floor to run shops, while the non-vegetarian product sellers do the same in an unhygienic and unsafe manner.
the solid waste management system also remains in a mess here.
the market also has a multi-storey complex, which now lies unutilised because of certain administrative reasons.
we have already taken over the market complex at unit-iv and start issuing the shops to eligible vendors.
the existing multi-storey complex will be included in the upgrade plan.
the shops at the complex will be auctioned online, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the market area also has one of the two meat markets of the city recently built to organise meat vendors and ensure sale of the non-vegetarian items mainly mutton and chicken in a safe and hygienic manner.
the other specialised meat market is located at ghatikia on the city outskirts.
the unit-iv market is one of the biggest and most visited markets of the city.
it does have certain good infrastructure, but there is a need to upgrade the same.
the plan will be ready in the next four to five months and we will go for the upgrade, he said.
a project poster for the make in odisha conclave.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, nov.
6: the state government will showcase the smart city project in a big way at the forthcoming make in odisha conclave, to be held here from november 30, to lure investors.
according to plan, the authorities will divide the smart city into five sub-sectors in keeping with the proposal.
the sectors to be highlighted at the conclave would be water management, mobility, housing and real estate, environment management and information technology.
bhubaneswar smart city limited will also get a kiosk in the conclave and exhibit its projects that are worth investing in.
the administration has appointed expert officers for the five sectors to create attractive exhibits.
a special plenary session will also be held at the conclave on smart city on december 1.
the administration also plans to hold separate discussions and presentations under each sub-sector of the smart city project.
after topping the smart city list in january, the centre gave the state capital a first-time grant of rs 200 crore for execution of various projects.
this grant was part of the total project cost of rs 4,537.
15 crore.
the smart city project is huge and needs heavy investment.
it cannot be completed only by using funds from the centre and the state, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
we are already in talks with organisations such as the international finance corporation, japan international cooperation agency and others for investing in the project.
we now have the opportunity to showcase the city in the make in odisha conclave where investors from around the world will participate.
we will give them an overview of the benefits of investing in the project, said the official.
work on the smart city project has begun with the revamp of the railway station area, said jena.
chief executive officer of the bhubaneswar smart city limited veenil krishna said according to the project proposal nearly rs 4,094 crore would be spent to develop the bhubaneswar town centre district along with janpath.
another rs 442.
26 crore will be spent on pan-city solutions, including waste management and urban mobility.
we are in the process of preparing a request for proposal and inviting tenders for various projects.
we aim to float tenders for nearly 13 projects by the end of next march, said krishna.
saheed nagar resident aman mahapatra said the smart city was indeed a huge project and would definitely need major investments.
the government should showcase the city at the conclave.
they should look for such opportunities in other parts of the country and the world to get investments, said aman, who works for private bank.
a bulldozer brings down an illegal construction on encroached land at chandrasekharpur in bhubaneswar on friday.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, oct.
28: the development authority carried out eviction drives in various parts of the city today to remove encroachments and facilitate execution of development projects.
a major demolition drive was undertaken at master canteen area near the railway station where the authorities are planning to construct two four-lane roads to facilitate smoother entry to the station.
at present, three roads of 20-feet each lead passengers to the station, which often gets congested due to vendors, who have encroached upon the area.
the bhubaneswar development authority has demolished 30 thatched business units, two hoardings and 500 metres of compound wall of the railway station near the parking area.
the demolition went peacefully at master canteen area.
however, as precaution, we had sought help from the civic body officials and the police to undertake the drive.
there were no opposition from the evictors, said development authority's liaison officer subhransu mohanty.
passengers here welcomed the move of the government to undertake such a demolition drive.
it is an ugly sight at the railway station with a number of small shops mushrooming along the pathways.
they also cause a lot of traffic congestion.
they should be evicted from this area, said salamat hussain, a passenger from cuttack.
the development authority also conducted demolition drives at siripur and rasulgarh.
the drives here were conducted to remove encroachment from the drains to ensure smooth flow of water.
the drainage division of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, which aims at ensuring smooth flow of sewage, began functioning in june this year.
we sought the help of the development authority and also deployed our officials to conduct the drive, which was successfully conducted, said jena.
in rasulgarh, the officials demolished illegal structures over 150 decimal of land.
sources said that a private real-estate developer had encroached upon nearly one acre of government land adjacent to the cuttack-puri highway.
we received complaints and tried to demolish the illegal structures of the private developer in the past, but failed as the developer didn't allow us to do our job.
finally, today we took the help of the police and conducted the drive peacefully, said another official of the development authority.
rasulgarh resident tirthabasi mahapatra said that there were many shops here that evidently encroached upon government land adjacent to the highway and often leads to traffic congestion.
the bda should identify more such encroachments and demolish the illegal structures to ensure peaceful movement of traffic, said mahapatra.
our correspondentsubject matters: (top) utkal university and rama devi women university.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state higher education department will offer a course on the challenges of urbanisation with special reference to the smart cities mission in the universities here.
the department has asked the housing and urban development department to provide suggestions and inputs on materials on the said subjects, which will remain fit for studies by the students.
the housing and urban development department is requested to offer their suggestions on the academic points, which could be incorporated in the course design, so that points of concern to the necessary inter-disciplinary framework could be addressed, reads the letter.
a senior official of the higher education department told the telegraph that urbanization is the current trend in the country, which will have a great job opportunity in the future.
we want to keep our students go hand in hand with the latest trend and smart city is one of them now, he said.
sources said that in the first phase, the course would be offered to postgraduate students in the state universities, while later, the same would be extended to other colleges and academic institutions.
after the inputs from the housing and urban development department, the course will be designed and offered, he said.
a housing and urban development department official said the smart city was a concept beyond the level of understanding for many people.
there is a certain process for executing the projects under the smart city mission.
it has an array of contents, which need to be understood only through rigorous studies, he said.
there will be a need of more experts in this particular field, and our students should maintain the tempo with the latest trend.
a private college principal, basant sahoo, said such a course would be one of its kind at the degree level.
as of now, only the specialised streams are offering such courses, but there is nothing related to the concept of smart city.
it should be incorporated prominently in the courses, said sahoo.
bhubaneswar, june 1: a brief spell of rain has turned a stretch in rasulgarh into a slippery zone because of the municipal corporation's sloppy work.
if the overflowing drains were not enough, unattended sludge scooped out during the de-silt drive has left the roads murky and slippery.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had left the de-silt work incomplete and compounded the problem for the residents.
the civic body officials had recently dredged the sludge from the drains.
unattended muck on the road has created an unhygienic condition, said tutu baliarshing, a rasulgarh resident.
the situation has taken a bad turn with the heavy rain that lashed the city today for nearly two hours.
residents alleged that the rain had washed the sludge back into the drains and also into their houses.
it is a myopic effort of the civic body.
what they have done has neither benefited us nor them, said bandana sahoo, a homemaker.
similar problems are haunting the residents of niladri vihar.
work to widen roads and construct drains are under way for a long time and this has led to major waterlogging mainly after today's downpour.
it was already a difficult task for us to move on the road due to the ongoing construction work and the rain has added to our problems, said lulu behera, a corporate employee.
the civic body officials in their monthly council meeting last week had given special emphasis on de-silting of drains to avoid choking and waterlogging in view of the coming monsoon.
they had also decided to place adequate number of dustbins to avoid irregular dumping of garbage in the monsoon, but the reality speaks a different story.
contacted, a top official of the municipal corporation has assured that the irregular cleaning will be resolved shortly.
we will ensure that the sludge is lifted right after it is scooped out of the drains, said the official.
sources said that the water resource department was taking care of the de-silting and construction of the 12 major drainage channels in the city.
the small ones, however, are taken care of by the municipal corporation.
the civic body has decided to take the drainage related work from the water resource department under its own fold last year.
it had then decided to set up a separate drainage division, which will look after all the drain related works.
however, it is yet to take shape.
corporation officials said that the drainage division could not start functioning due to a delay in the recruitment of the staff members.
we are in process of recruiting people who will run the division.
it needs an executive engineer and other staff members.
once the division starts functioning, it will take care of all drainage-related issues, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
a bhubaneswar resident uses colour-coded garbage bins near ram mandir square.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, jan.
22: the civic body will install 3,600 dustbins at 1,800 locations across the city to ensure better waste management and a cleaner city.
by february 1, as many as 1,000 bins will be set up at 500 locations.
each location will have two coloured bins for waste segregation.
while one bin will be used for bio-degradable waste, the other one would be for recyclable waste.
the two bins will be green and blue in colour.
while the green bin will be used for bio-degradable waste such as vegetable peel, fruits, household kitchen waste, etc, the blue ones will be used to dump metals, glass, rags, rubber, containers, etc.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) installed 60 bins at 30 locations today.
the locations included the city bus stand, master canteen square and other busy market areas.
residents will be sensitised to dump garbage in the respective bins.
at present, the city has around 4,000 bins.
the number will nearly double by next month with the introduction of the coloured bins.
the authorities are lagging behind when it comes to provision of toilets and number of dustbins.
the collection process is good, but the absence of adequate dustbins force people to litter the roads.
i hope the system will lead to a cleaner city, said damana resident akshay sahoo.
the corporation has taken the step to ensure an integrated solid waste management system.
the proposed system will focus on collection, segregation and disposal of the waste at its source instead of bearing the additional cost for its transportation to the dumping yard.
it will also concentrate on reduction of the amount of garbage.
the most preferred option for solid waste management is to prevent waste generation.
it will help reduce handling, treatment and disposal costs, and reduce the environmental impacts, including generation of toxic gases, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
to prevent generation of waste, the civic body plans to sensitise citizens to use reusable bags while shopping, and choose products that may be reused and returned after a single use.
the system will also ensure recovery of recyclable material resources trough a process of segregation, collection and re-processing to create new products.
another focus area of the system would be to create organic compost through waste, which can be used for agricultural purposes.
in the proposed system, we will concentrate on energy generation out of waste.
we propose to set up a waste-to-energy plant at the bhuasuni dumping yard and have started fencing it.
the selected firm has also been asked to begin the work shortly, said the mayor.
the civic body is doing their cleaning-up duty well in some parts of the city.
but, they still have miles to go.
there are many places such as palasuni, niladri vihar, sailashree vihar and more, which the officials neglect on the cleanliness parameters.
they should bring uniformity in the system, said palasuni resident rajesh mohanty.
in another development, the housing and urban development department here will bring some amendments in the existing solid waste management rules in line with the one notified by the ministry of environment in march last year.
the new modalities such as the waste management system will be included in the rules.
the centre has asked us to formulate by-laws under the new solid waste management rules.
we have finished drafting the by-laws and will shortly introduce them at all urban local bodies in the state.
one of the prominent features of the by-laws is the integrated solid waste management system, said a department official.
the move of bringing in the new system and amended regulations have become a need of the hour at a time when the city is preparing to compete with 499 other cities of the country in a national-level cleanliness survey - swachh survekhsan ii.
in the first edition of the survey, the city was ranked 24th among 73 other cities in january last year.
sandeep mishraloo and behold: paintings on the outer walls of two public toilets in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will conduct a survey to understand better the behavioural pattern of users in an attempt to encourage citizens to extensively use public toilets.
officials of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, which gets aid from a us-based institute for the initiative, recently held a meeting with pamela dalton, a psychologist from philadelphia and faculty member of monell chemical senses centre, on the issue.
dalton will help the municipal corporation devise ways to make the toilets usable and people-friendly.
dalton and her team inspected some of the facilities in the city on tuesday with olfactometers (an instrument used to detect and measure odour dilution).
we observed that people do not use the common toilets because of the odour in the facilities.
some might feel that the odour could spread diseases or infections.
in reality, the odour comes from a bacteria, and with proper cleaning, the facilities could be made user-friendly, said dalton.
speaking on the behavioural pattern of communities, dalton said: we may bring in some changes through behaviour change communication techniques if we adopt good methods keeping the local population, their beliefs, and practices in mind.
dalton and her team visited the city as part of her research in a similar field to check on the facilities under project samman, funded by the bill and melinda gates foundation.
under the project, the city will have 26 public toilets and 27 community toilets.
this is dalton's fifth visit to india, having already visited maharashtra and uttar pradesh.
on the standard of community toilets in other states, she said some regions had better toilets, but odisha needed drastic makeover so that more and more people would use the toilets.
sources said dalton and her team had submitted their findings to the civic body on the toilet use practice based on which a plan will be devised and implemented to encourage citizens to use the facilities.
our officials will work on the inputs and chart out a plan to attain the goal, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
people line up at a water atm kiosk in delhi.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is implementing the same model in the city as part of bringing safe drinking water to slums.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, aug.
25: a pre-paid smart card will bring in much-needed change to the quality of water people drink in the city, particularly in the slums.
as part of the local self-government day celebrations, the city will get its first water dispensing unit on august 31.
the dispensing unit will go a long way in bringing purified water to those living in the slums.
users will, however, have to pay for the facility that comes with a smart card.
the pre-paid cards have been priced at rs 50, which includes caution money of rs 30.
whenever the card is used, 60 paise will be charged for every litre of water.
as in case of mobile phones, users will have to top-up the cards to avail of the service.
the civic body decided to install the dispensing units to raise the city's hygiene bar and provide safe drinking water to slum dwellers.
the project had become a priority, especially after frequent outbreaks of water-borne diseases such as jaundice.
the project, however, took a long time to be implemented since the government approved it in 2014.
the long time that the civic body took to select the bidder had delayed the project.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation finally awarded the contract to a private firm in july.
after it got the go-ahead, the firm started construction of four purification plants and 40 water atms. the first of such atms will be inaugurated on august 31 at pokhariput.
the civic body will also inaugurate four community centres in ward no.
22 on august 31.
the slew of projects lined up for inauguration on local self-government day includes a kine house at jamukoli and the city's first foot overbridge at jayadev vihar.
the city has a small kine house at kharavela nagar, which can accommodate barely 10 cattle heads.
the new project is expected to solve the problem of stray bovines that often brings traffic to a halt on busy stretches.
the kine house will have space for more stray cattle and reduce chances of road accidents.
we want to make the city beautiful and are committed to the welfare of the people.
the foot overbridge and the water atm will add to the existing civic facilities and facilitate the setting up of a smart city, said jena.
though a few councillors have raised questions about the revenue sharing pattern and the location of the foot overbridge built on public-private partnership, a senior civic official said that the facility would be a big help for pedestrians on the jayadev vihar and patia stretch.
he said the facility would have elevators on both sides, staircases lined with railings, easy-to-grip tiles for differently-abled persons and drinking water facility.
it is a busy stretch where there is a heavy rush of vehicles.
it was a good move to construct the bridge here and will help the pedestrians.
it will also reduce chances of accidents on the stretch, said regular commuter swapnesh nayak.
the civic body intends to add a dash of festivity to the august 31 celebrations.
for the first time, a parade has been organised in which school and college students, ncc cadets and scouts will take part.
the parade will be held on the road in front of the municipal corporation office.
the celebrations will also include programmes aimed at creating awareness about the civic administration and the rights and duties of citizens.
our correspondenta cesspool emptier vehicle in bhubaneswar on thursday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has directed the municipal corporation to stop manual cleaning of septic tanks.
the government has also asked the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) to ensure proper rehabilitation of scavengers in line with the prohibition of employment of manual scavengers and their rehabilitation act, 2013.
the move follows a directive from the union ministry of social justice and empowerment.
the ministry's directive states that the central monitoring committee formed under the act has recommended incorporation of clauses in the tender document mandating use of safety gear and equipment by workmen who clean septic tanks.
besides, it has also suggested incorporation of a condition in the tender document that makes the contractor responsible to pay a compensation of rs 10 lakh in addition to what the state government would give in the event of death of a workman in the septic tank while cleaning without safety gear and devices.
housing and urban development department sources said the direction would serve the dual purpose of the civic body taking steps to stop manual cleaning of septic tanks and provide adequate training to manual scavengers.
we have come up with faecal sludge management guideline.
it charts out steps to ensure management of sludge and also ensure only mechanised cleaning of the septic tanks.
manual scavengers do not have the expertise and often risk their lives while cleaning such tanks without safety measures, said an official of the department.
we have already issued a notice asking the operators to abide by the faecal sludge management guidelines.
now we will incorporate the clause that the government has suggested.
we will ask the operators to work only with trained scavengers, said the mayor.
the city has not only witnessed an outbreak of jaundice due to faecal contamination of water in 2015, but also deaths of two manual workers engaged in cleaning manholes in nayapalli last year.
the workers died of suffocation inside the manhole and the blame was imposed on the cleaning contractor, investigation revealed later.
a man buys crackers from a shop in bhubaneswar on saturday.
picture by sanjib mukherjee bhubaneswar, oct.
29: police have issued a 15-point advisory to city residents to ensure safety during diwali, while the civic body here has undertaken awareness drives asking people to celebrate the festival in an eco-friendly way.
in their advisory, the cops have asked residents to buy crackers only from registered sellers, keep a watch on children, follow the instructions on the cracker packets, not to use crackers that have noise levels beyond 125 decibels and not to wear silk or woollen clothes while bursting crackers.
the police have asked people to use candles and sticks while lighting the crackers, and keep water, sand and blankets ready for an emergency.
they also advised keeping first-aid boxes ready, not to burst crackers near stray animals, burst high-decibel crackers in densely populated areas and dial 100 to call the police and 101 for fire services in case of an emergency.
we have issued the advisory to ensure the safety of people during diwali.
we have put up banners and distributed leaflets to let people know about the precautions.
we have also asked people not to burst high-decibel crackers between 10pm to 6am.
we will deploy personnel to keep a check on violations, said deputy commissioner satyabrata bhoi.
the civic body has undertaken awareness drives in various parts of the city today asking people to observe green diwali.
we asked people to refrain from bursting crackers and celebrate an eco-friendly diwali.
we have also planted trees at various parks today to generate awareness, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena also asked residents to maintain cleanliness in their areas during and after the celebration.
we have deployed sanitary officials and decided to conduct a cleanliness drive early tomorrow morning.
we have placed dustbins and increased the number of garbage collection points from 33 to 55 for the purpose, said the mayor.
the state pollution control board, on the other hand, remained vigilant and supported the police and the city civic body in their efforts to ensure a pollution-free diwali.
air pollution during diwali reaches alarming proportions.
it could lead to health problems.
people should be aware and they should ensure their own safety by abiding by safety norms, said senior environmental scientist d.k. behera.
badagada resident bikash mishra said it was evident that people were aware of the consequences of bursting high-decibel crackers.
diwali this year is quite low-key compared to other years.
people know that diwali leads to air and noise pollution that could harm them.
i only light diyas and observe diwali in an eco-friendly way.
i hope others also do so, said mishra, a private school teacher.
time to crack the whip portions of the market building in bhubaneswar bearing spit marks.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, july 20: there is a stain on city's smart dream - the habit of painting the walls and streets red with gutkha and betel leaves juice.
at a time when bhubaneswar is aspiring to become a smart city, very little has been done to check the habit and the residents want the government to crack the whip.
the practice should be dealt with iron hands, said narayan behera, 52, a businessman and resident of saheed nagar.
the state government offices here try to fend off offenders with images of gods and goddesses on tiles placed in offices.
with bhubaneswar aspiring to be a smart city, the authorities must ensure that its residents do not spit in public, said niranjan pani, 45, a banking employee and a resident of rasulgarh.
the menace couldn't be tackled by installing pictures of gods and goddesses.
religion cannot be used to make people aware about the offence, pani added.
among other states, maharashtra has already cracked the whip on those who would spit in public places.
it has approved a law and imposed a penalty that includes a fine of rs 1,000 and community service for the first time.
when the person repeats it for the second time, he or she will be fined rs 3,000 plus three-day community service, and for repeat offenders the fine will be rs 5,000 plus five-day community service.
lucknow municipal corporation had also imposed a fine of rs 500 on those found peeing, spitting and littering on the roads.
the bihar municipal act 2007, too, makes spitting an offence, along with urinating or throwing garbage and imposes a penalty of rs 200.
however in bhubaneswar, prominent markets, including market building and unit-i, have corners smeared with paan and gutkha stains.
according to chandrika prasad dash, city health officer, bhubaneswar municipal corporation, no decision had been taken on banning spitting in public places.
admitting the habit has potential health hazards, he said that a meeting would be held to ascertain ways to check the menace.
according to kamal lochan mishra, a medicine specialist from ggp colony: the sputum carries bacteria and virus and is a carrier of diseases, especially tuberculosis.
bhubaneswar municipal corporation should take a cue from maharashtra government and impose a hefty penalty on those who would be caught committing the crime.
around four days back, the capital hospital has imposed a fine of rs 50 for spitting in its building.
however, the penalty is not applicable to those committing the offence on the hospital premises.
pranati nayak, 28, the attendant of a patient admitted in the hospital said the authorities should be stringent.
it will ensure a healthy environment around the hospital, she said.
part of the problem of enforcing regulations, especially those which relate to non-criminal and petty offences such as spitting, is that there is virtually no public consciousness that this is an offence, let alone there being any public awareness that it is offensive.
the centre, however, is coming up with a mechanism to curb the menace.
it is all set to launch a mobile application called swachhata on august 16.
it will be available to the android and ios users.
the application can be used to lodge complaints related to cleanliness and residents can also track the status of the same.
the centre will also roll out a website called www.
swachh.
city where similar complaints can be lodged.
however, in both the cases, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will first have to register themselves following which residents from odisha will be able to use the portals.
this web portal will also rank the city on cleanliness parameters.
our correspondentclean mission: garbage dumped near kalinga stadium in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the stage is set for kalinga stadium to host the february 25 indian super league (isl) football match and the state government wants all the three agencies - fire services department, municipal corporation and commissionerate police - to put in their best for smooth conduct of the crucial game.
responding to the state government's directive, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has ordered officials to ensure proper clearance of solid waste from the stadium complex.
it has also asked for deployment of a dedicated animal catcher unit to remove stray dogs and bulls.
the civic body will also select vendors to set up temporary food kiosks near the stadium on match day.
in the run up to the isl match between jamshedpur fc and bengaluru fc, the civic body will identify sites across the city to put up temporary hoardings.
there will be dedicated teams to take care of sanitation and catch stray animals from around the stadium.
they will be deployed on 24x7 duty from february 20, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the city's first isl match is expected to witness a turn out of 12,000 spectators.
keeping this in view, the sports department has asked the fire services department to station adequate number of fire brigades and other fire-fighting equipment at the stadium.
in a letter to the director general of fire services b.k. sharma, sports secretary vishal dev has asked him to assess the venue and make necessary arrangements to provide appropriate fire-fighting measures.
dev also urged sharma to ensure that an assistant fire officer inspected the sites where temporary structures would be set up for the match.
dev has also requested the police and its traffic wing to take steps to ensure proper security and traffic regulation on the day of the isl match.
the police will also work in collaboration with the civic body to earmark proper parking sites for the spectators.
with football enthusiasts looking forward to the match, a sports department official said: we have successfully hosted the asian athletics and hockey world league.
we want to continue our streak.
sandeep mishraoutlet muzzled: waste and debris flow in the daya canal (top) and (above) an encroached drainage channel at kalinga stadium square in bhubaneswar on monday.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik's office has asked the municipal corporation to take immediate measures to avoid further waterlogging in the city.
the cmo took the stand after a group of citizens from localities, including new forest park, acharya vihar, jayadev vihar, jharpada and old town sought naveen's intervention to end waterlogging in their areas.
the citizens' forum, which includes residents from these localities, had submitted a memorandum to the chief minister after the recent rain triggered waterlogging.
we faced waterlogging on several occasions during monsoon and beyond.
rainwater flowed into our homes, and flooded roads due to clogged drains.
poor road design also contributes to waterlogging, the memorandum stated.
blaming the bhubaneswar municipal corporation for poor drainage system, a member of member of the citizens' forum said: all the 10 natural drainage channels of the city are virtually dysfunctional due to encroachment.
houses, roads and compound walls have been constructed on government land earmarked for drains.
this is the root cause for waterlogging in the city.
the forum had urged the chief minister to initiate prompt and stringent steps for revival and modernisation of the drainage channels by evicting encroachers.
bhubaneswar topped the smart city challenge mainly for its potential for urban expansion.
but waterlogging is tarnishing the city's image, said arabind padhi, a resident of acharya vihar.
we have received the memorandum from the chief minister's office and forwarded it to the civic body to take immediate measures to tackle the situation.
the civic body has been asked to come up with plans to resolve the problems and submit it to the government for execution within two months, said a the housing and urban development department official.
the city witnessed severe waterlogging during this year's rains.
last week's rain triggered a similar situation.
to tackle waterlogging, the corporation had started a helpline, but it has been of no use as waterlogging occurs even after moderate rainfall.
the waterlogging situation is worst in acharya vihar, jayadev vihar and nayapalli.
we have started the work to divert water from the drainage channel near acharya vihar.
another parallel drain has also been planned along the national highway to help avoid waterlogging in jayadev vihar and nayapalli, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
accusing the corporation of bias, jharpada resident sushil acharya said the administration only focussed on posh areas.
the civic should evict encroachers, he said.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: bhubaneswar-puri transport services limited has submitted a proposal to the centre to achieve considerable targets in using electricity-driven vehicles as public transport alternatives and ensure greener environment for the city.
the proposal estimated at rs 219.
75 crore was submitted to the ministry of heavy industries and public enterprises, in which the city proposed to include electric buses, four-wheelers, three-wheelers and two-wheelers to use the system through various charging points, which would be in place, in phases.
the plan is to lessen the environmental burden in the city.
through strategic investments in public transit infrastructure and last mile connectivity modes, the city is aiming to induce a shift by 20 per cent travel to public transport by 2021, said a transport body official.
according to the proposal, 32km of priority transit corridors require 92 new electric buses to serve the purpose of 1.
92 lakh passengers on a daily basis.
for first-last mile connectivity within its area-based development of smart city, the city proposed deployment of 500 e-rickshaws, related infrastructure and charging stations by 2021.
sources said these two project proposals would act as a catalyst to help bhubaneswar achieve its target of 30 per cent of vehicle travel in the city through electric vehicles by 2030.
the city administration had decided to come up with an e-vehicle policy in july, following which a stakeholders meet was held in september.
the proposal was submitted with inputs from various experts.
the primary problem is to create a system for implementation of the e-vehicle policy.
there is a need to create infrastructure for the electronic vehicles.
after the proposal get centre's nod, officials will put in the job, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the e-mobility plan further details the way to achieve a boost for non-motorised transport environment in form of projects such as the bhubaneswar cycle highway by creating cycle paths in the city, dedicated routes, charging points and aggregation service for electric rickshaws and implementing the bicycle-sharing system.
reports revealed that between 2004 and 2014, the number of vehicles in the city has increased almost three-fold.
along with rapid increase in bikes and cars, the city has witnessed an increase in the number of auto-rickshaws at a rate of 13 per cent per annum.
on the other hand, city buses merely carry 6 per cent of the total trips, and there is a lack of any other robust public transport system in the city.
sandeep mishraproblems galore: dumped garbage at kharavela nagar in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: an endless list of civic woes is plaguing residents of kharavela nagar.
their list of ordeals range right from traffic congestion, roadside encroachment, irregular parking and poor road condition to lack of sanitation measures.
local residents allege that despite kharavela nagar being one of the prime areas of the city, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has turned a blind eye to their grievances.
repeated pleas to redress the civic problems have fallen on deaf ears, they alleged.
problems are particularly acute for those living on the stretch of the main road between sriya square and hhi square.
the footpath on this stretch has almost been eaten up by encroachers, while the width of the main road has reduced to almost half its original size because of haphazard roadside parking.
to add to all this, the area also reels from poor sanitation and there are not enough dustbins in proper shape.
this is an important area of the city having a multiplex, a three-star hotel and several commercial establishments.
but, it is difficult to even walk on this stretch during peak hours as vendors have encroached upon the footpath while the road has been narrowed by irregular parking.
the administration should immediately address our problems, said raju nath, a shop owner on the stretch.
the residents also complained of safety issues as they claimed that their locality had turned into a den for criminals, especially after dark.
people from nearby slums commit nuisance at night.
police know everything, but turn a blind eye, said local resident anita mohanty.
kharavela nagar has been brought under bhuban-eswar's area-based development programme under the smart city mission.
once the project materialises, the area would house a hotel corridor, a smart housing project and several other facilities.
the administration has been planning to turn this area into a smart district of the city.
but, the present situation tells a different tale.
the area is filled with problems and the administration is doing nothing.
the claim of becoming a smart city sounds like a daydream, said another resident.
i will personally look into the problems faced by the kharavela nagar residents and direct the officials and the local councillor to take steps.
i will also ask the police to tighten security in the area, said the mayor.
fire servicethe office-bearers' election of the odisha fire services officers' association completed on monday.
abani kumar swain was elected the president, rajkishore jena the general secretary, birabhadra tudu the vice-president, natabar naik the joint secretary and sisirkanta singh the treasurer.
a smart toilet at janata maidan in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 24: the state government is gearing up for a question and answer session on the status of smart city and atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) projects with prime minister narendra modi tomorrow.
the prime minister will interact with the officials through video-conferencing from pune and is set to launch various projects in the top 20 smart cities.
the union ministry of urban development had released the list of first 20 cities to be developed under the scheme in january.
the state government officials, including those from the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl), bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) and bhubaneswar development authority (bda), are busy preparing their brief on the status of projects under these two schemes for the prime minister.
we will interact with the prime minister tomorrow as part of the first anniversary of smart city scheme.
we will brief him about the status of the smart city and the projects we have planned to execute in this financial year, said managing director of bscl krishan kumar.
after featuring in the smart city list, the state capital decided to take up various development projects, the most important being development of bhubaneswar town centre district (btcd) between bapuji nagar and satya nagar.
the city received the first instalment of rs 200 crore from the centre for execution of the project in march.
the city administration has also prepared four project reports on introducing modern traffic signalling system, railway multi-modal hub, establishment of bhubaneswar urban knowledge centre and a project called i am bhubaneswar.
sources said that tenders for two of these projects, including the modern traffic signalling system, has already been floated and contractors for them will be selected by july.
the city has also inked pacts with singapore-based urban redevelopment authority and centre for liveable cities for effective implementation of the smart city project in bhubaneswar.
they have also roped in netherlands-based bernard van leer foundation to establish a dedicated child and family friendly smart city centre.
germany was also roped in during april to extend support to a smart city project here.
the german ministry of environment was included in the project to aid the administration in the projects related to urban mobility.
the managing director of bscl told the telegraph that they would execute nearly eight different projects under the smart city mission by the end of this financial year.
tenders for project management consultant, modern traffic signalling system and urban knowledge centre have already been floated and contractors will be selected by the end of july, said kumar.
under the amrut scheme, the bmc in january inked a pact with public health engineering organisation (pheo) and odisha water supply and sewerage board for execution of various development projects.
bhubaneswar got rs 113 crore under the scheme to execute 17 parks and 38 water projects.
it has also proposed to develop more green space and construct hybrid toilets.
housing and urban development minister will laid the foundation stone tomorrow.
one more park at niladri vihar will be developed under the scheme this year, said jena.
the pheo has also come up with a dynamic plan under the scheme to ensure round-the-clock water supply to city households.
it also proposed to provide free water supply with two taps to the slum dwellers.
there are also plan to install water meters in every household and increase the per capita water supply from 135 litres per day to 155 litres per day.
pheo sources said they had initiated the process to provide the increased amount of water to the residents.
nearly five projects, including water reservoirs, have already been inaugurated which will ensure water supply to nearly 50,000 residents.
more such projects will come up under amrut scheme this year, said a pheo official.
makeshift shops with polythene-sheet roofs at the unit-i market in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, oct.
26: the recent fire at the ims and sum hospital has stirred the civic body into action, which has issued a directive to all shopkeepers to remove combustible materials from their shops.
on october 18, a fire that broke out on the first-floor intensive care unit of sum hospital killed 25 people and injured several others, raising questions over fire safety measures in place at one of the city's top private health care centres.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's unit-i market area, which also doubles as a vegetable market, has several makeshift shops that run under polythene sheets.
besides, some shops are also covered with thatched roofs that are inflammable in the event of a short circuit.
a fire on november 13, 2013, at the market place gutted 29 shops and partially damaged six more.
it had taken six fire tenders nearly three hours to douse the flames.
the total cost of the damage was estimated to be around rs 5 crore.
a few betel shops at the market also indulge in illegal sale of petrol, another highly inflammable item.
fire safety at the market remains a concern because of the congested bylanes and overhead wires.
subhankar behera, 54, a vegetable vendor at the unit-i market, said the authorities were yet to take concrete steps to prevent the outbreak and spread of a possible fire in the area.
market association president gayadhar swain had urged the civic body to take steps to change the electrical wiring and replace it with underground cables.
but the civic body has done nothing, he said.
officials of the fire department had said the congested entry points made it difficult for fire tenders to enter the premises on november 13, 2013.
the kochilei haata at rasulgarh faces a similar problem.
the market's main gate remains perennially blocked by vehicles, mostly two-wheelers parked there.
several makeshift vegetable shops in the market use polythene sheets as sheds and some also sell petrol and lpg cylinders.
the other approach to the market from the rasulgarh industrial estate side, too, is congested.
bipin nayak, 32, a trader at the market, said it ran the risk of catching fire any day.
the municipal corporation should take care of the haphazard overhead wiring here to prevent short circuits.
the market also has hotels that use lpg cylinders.
the civic body should monitor the use of cooking gas at these establishments as well, he said.
the civic body's guidelines state that no shop in crowded areas would be allowed to use combustible materials.
besides, they would also be required to install fire safety mechanisms to prevent any mishap.
however, the civic body itself was yet to form a fire safety enforcement squad to conduct checks on buildings and market places.
the squad was mooted at a district-level disaster management plan meeting in february.
mayor jena said the civic body's directive included all market places across the city and not just those under its ownership.
he added that the civic body had directed all market associations to install fire-fighting mechanisms that associations would have to bear the cost of installing.
we will take stringent action, including cancellation of allotment, against the shops that defy the guidelines, he said.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body will introduce an exclusive website to ease the reservation process for banquet halls in the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will launch the website with user-friendly access to reserve kalyan mandaps.
it will include, among others, an easy payment gateway for cashless transactions.
in the previous process, people used to register for the available halls while making payments in person at the civic body's headquarters.
the new website eliminates the need for cash payments.
the website is under development and will be introduced from monday.
any person with accounts in private or public sector banks will be able to book a space for social functions at these banquet halls, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the national informatics centre is developing the new website.
we had a portal for booking purposes that will be redeveloped to a full-fledged website.
we are hopeful that people will benefit from it, said a civic official.
the civic body has 22 bouquet halls that are rented out for social functions, including weddings.
the website will be user friendly and simple, said an it official of the civic body.
we only got information on availability earlier, but the everything else had to be done personally at the office, said unit-iii resident sitaram hati.
mp prasanna patasani and chief minister naveen patnaik distribute cheques to members of self-help groups in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 2: chief minister naveen patnaik reiterated the state government's commitment to empower women and hinted at the introduction of more development schemes for their socio-economic growth in future.
naveen distributed revolving funds of rs 10,000 to 19 self-help groups (shg) that aim to ensure livelihood guarantee, mainly for women members of society.
a total of 704 shgs, including the aforementioned 19, have received funds for doing different businesses from the bhubaneswar municipal corporation till date.
revolving funds are given to shgs for their livelihood support.
women members of the shgs can start small businesses using this fund.
they can also add their own money.
the scheme, which is implemented through the centre's national urban livelihood mission (nulm), allows shgs to avail of loans from any bank at only 7 per cent interest if they want to expand their business.
if they pay the interest on time, 3 per cent of interest is waived.
we are grateful to the chief minister for his support and dedication towards the state's development.
the revolving fund will help in the empowerment and socio-economic uplift of women groups, he said.
the city administration has already set up five livelihood centres for capacity building of shgs at bharatpur, brahmeswarpatna, niladri vihar, pokhariput and dumduma.
the centres' objective is to work as a bridge between the urban poor and their livelihood.
the livelihood centres at city level have been set up to address the gap and create a platform where the urban poor can offer their goods and services in an organised manner to potential buyers.
the centres would strive to bridge the gap between demand and supply of the goods and services produced by the urban poor, jena said.
the state government has also initiated its own programme - employment through skill training and placement - under nulm that intends to fill the gap between the demand and availability of local skills by providing skill training as required by the market, provide skills to unskilled urban poor and opportunities to upgrade their existing skills.
during 2015-16 and 2016-17, there were several training camps held under the programme that imparted training to 3,327 urban poor in textile, information and communication technologies, driving training, banking and accounting, beauty and hair dressing and automobile repair in various wards of the municipal corporation.
the capacity building and training programme is aimed at imparting in-depth knowledge of the urban livelihood mission, said an official of the civic body.
we urged the trainees to draw maximum benefit for effective implementation of the scheme.
we have provided capacity building and training camps to 241 shgs through the centres till now, he said.
sandeep mishraeco-friendly lights: led bulbs illuminate crp square in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will install 6,000 additional led street lights to light up dark stretches in the city.
energy efficient services limited (eesl) and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation surveyed the areas and prepared a report.
the project will be executed under the state government's unnati scheme that was launched in august.
we have extended help to eesl officials for the survey of areas in need of lights.
we have the result of the first phase of the survey and will continue with more surveys to replace all traditional mercury lights with leds, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body has already replaced mercury lights with the energy efficient led bulbs at major stretches, including janpath, sachivalaya marg and bidyut marg, while plans are afoot to replicate the initiative in bylanes of different localities here.
leds not only provide better lighting, but also saves energy.
it is environment friendly and should be used on a larger scale, said suresh mohapatra, a resident of achyarya vihar.
it is a good move to replace mercury lights with these.
everyone should be encouraged to do the same at their level, he said.
the administration has installed nearly 35,000 led bulbs across the city.
the civic body had initiated the process in 2014 and till mid-2015, installed 20,000 leds on main stretches, including janpath, gandhi marg, rajmahal and sishu bhavan square and acharya vihar and cshadrasekarpur square.
in the next phase, it installed another 15,000 bulbs in may 2016, covering interior lanes of sailshree vihar, niladri vihar, kanan vihar and rasulgarh.
our correspondentroadside fruit vendors.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has set a record by collecting rs 135 crore as revenue from various taxes and fees in the 2017-18 financial year.
in the fiscal previous to that - 2016-17, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation could only barely cross the rs 100-crore mark in revenue collection.
revenue collection this time has been considered as the best-ever performance of the civic body.
we had undertaken a number of initiatives to augment our revenue collection and those yielded results, said an official of the civic body's tax wing.
according to the tax collection statement of the civic body for 2017-18, it has collected rs 41 crore only from holding tax, followed by rs 17.
30 crore from advertisement charges.
the municipal corporation also collected rs 2.
51 crore from parking fees and rs 2.
93 crore out of market rent.
the civic body crossed rs 100 crore-mark in total revenue collection for the first time in its history in the 2016-17 fiscal.
we are constantly improving our tax collection as we could take some stringent measures.
we got hold of major holding tax defaulters and started taking action against them.
now, they have started paying tax on time, said the official.
however, the civic body failed when it came to collection of user charges from citizens.
the collection status revealed that the civic body collected nothing towards user charges while the collection on this count in the 2016-17 fiscal was a mere rs 9 crore.
we need to improve, he said.
another source said the civic body's revenue collection could increase if it took stringent measures to improve collection of user charges.
user charges are basically fees collected for maintaining sanitation.
people are still reluctant to pay this fee.
we need to be stricter this time, said another official of the civic body.
we are working on collecting all the fees through online mode.
the holding tax collection process will go entirely online soon.
we will also make similar attempts for other tax collections.
bhubaneswar, aug.
31: the municipal corporation celebrated the local self-government day today with the inauguration of the energy-saving led street lights between buxi jagabandhu bidyadhar (bjb) college and samantarapur.
chief minister naveen patnaik inaugurated the project.
he also inaugurated sodium vapour street lights between master canteen square and indira gandhi park and laid the foundation stone for 384 dwelling units for slum residents in mandap basti under the rajiv awas yojna (ray) in chandrasekharpur.
the 200 energy-efficient street lights, which have been installed in a public-private partnership project, will save the civic bodys energy bill by up to 83 per cent.
though the city had led street lights on two stretches on an experiment basis, todays inauguration of the rs 35-lakh project by naveen begins the conversion of nearly 15,000 street lights across the city to led in phases.
the 56 sodium vapour lights on the master canteen square-indira gandhi park stretch has cost rs 20 lakh to the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) and the slum-improvement project will cost rs 21.
51 crore.
at the flag-hoisting programme at the bmc office, housing and urban development minister pushpendra singhdeo said: we are also planning to take street lighting to other areas through a programme named bhubaneswar capital street lighting project ii.
he said projects such as sewerage, water supply, solid waste management, ring road and renovation of the natural drainage channels would be taken up to make the city a model for others to follow and also to include it in the centres proposal for smart cities.
municipal commissioner krishan kumar said the led lights would be controlled through a centralised unit that will use a computerised network and dimmers could be made operational according to the lighting needs of a particular stretch.
however, he explained that the centralised controlling system would be possible once all the streetlights are converted to led within a year.
speaking on the bhubaneswar capital street lighting project ii, the commissioner said: once the core area under the civic body is covered by the energy-efficient lights, the other areas on the outskirts would be covered either through ppp or own funding from the bmc.
as the first phase of work will be capital-intensive because we will start from scratch, we have already employed a transaction advisor, who will tell us how to go about it.
the maximum complaints that the bmcs grievance redress cell receives are about street lights.
our electricity engineering department is working with a skeletal staff and we have requested the state government to depute more personnel, said kumar.
on the theme of the celebration of this years local self-government day, the municipal commissioner said the focus would be more on the redress of peoples problems, reaching out to people through more decentralised administration by opening zonal offices and introduction of more and more information technology-based people-friendly services.
new projects, which were inaugurated today, also included a gymnasium at kapileswar.
the foundation stone for a community centre was also laid in the locality today.
earlier in the day, mayor anantanarayanjena distributed fruits among patients at the bmc hospital.
the chief minister unveiled the annual magazine of the civic body ahwan on the occasion and gave away nagar bandhu awards to individuals who had contributed to the citys development.
while the celebration of the local self-government day went smoothly for the civic body, laying of a foundation stone for the abattoir was cancelled yesterday following protests by local residents in gadakana.
protesters alleged that setting up of a modern slaughterhouse would pollute the area.
file picture of the bhuasuni dumpyard at daruthenga on the outskirts of bhubaneswar bhubaneswar, july 19: the state government today decided to shift the dumpyard at bhuasuni to tulsadeipur, about three kilometres away.
the proposed waste-to-energy plant, however, will come up at bhuasuni as planned.
the decision was taken at a meeting chaired by urban development minister pushpendra singh deo and attended by chief secretary aditya prasad padhi and top officials of the housing and urban development department, police and bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc).
the process of shifting the dumpyard to tulsadeipur will be completed within two to three months.
we need to construct a boundary wall at the site and also an approach road, said jena.
however, he added, according to the direction of orissa high court, the proposed waste-to-energy plant will come up at bhuasuni as proposed earlier.
we had started the process to set up the plant, but opposition from the local villagers delayed it.
we will now restart the work, said the mayor.
the villagers of daruthenga, however, remained adamant about their demands of shifting both the dumping yard and the plant from their locality and threatened to lock up the dumpyard tomorrow.
we will not allow the administration to set up the plant at bhuasuni.
if they go ahead with the plan, it will continue to pollute our locality, said daruthenga sarpanch suresh routray.
he said they would continue to fight for their rights.
we will intensify the agitation and from tomorrow, we will not allow the civic officials to enter the area, said routray.
since january, the villagers of daruthenga have been opposing garbage dumping at bhuasuni.
since then they had held several meetings with the officials of the state government.
they had placed complaints before the pollution control board and also the prime minister.
they had locked up the dumpyard and recently engaged in a tussle with the police during a protest.
the villagers had sent a grievance petition to the pmo alleging that the civic body was violating all norms of dumping and disposal of solid waste at bhuasuni.
the petition sought immediate relocation of the dumpyard.
in march, the villagers had locked up the dumpyard, following which top officials of the state government had held a meeting with the protesters and promised to relocate the yard to the nearby tulsadeipur.
city residents are, however, worried about the daruthenga villagers' threat as during their earlier agitation at the bhuasuni dumpyard, the municipal corporation authorities were unable to lift garbage from different parts of the city in the absence of a site for its disposal.
when the villagers locked up the dumpyard in march, the garbage had piled up high in our area.
our correspondentrailway tracks near bhubaneswar station on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has decided to take proactive steps to sensitise citizens on the ill effects of open defecation and increase their awareness on government initiatives to achieve the open defecation free status for the city.
to achieve the target, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will put up flex with messages to end the practice of open defecation at water kiosks that will be set up from april 1.
we will put up more than 100 water kiosks across the city.
people who access water kiosks will be targeted to disseminate the message to end open defecation, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we have already come up with the design for the flex to be put up at the kiosks, the mayor said.
the flex message will include advice to construct toilets at home to prevent open defecation.
it will inform citizens that the government provides rs 6,666 and rs 8,000, respectively, for construction of household toilets.
the housing and urban development department has set a deadline of april 1 for the civic body to make 25 slums along the janpath free from open defecation and the entire city by october 2.
so far, 17 slums have already been declared free from open defecation.
with the assistance of the government and proactive role of our officials, we have been distributing work orders for construction of individual household latrines.
the government has also hiked the incentive from rs 5,555 to rs 6,666 for construction of latrines.
we will make efforts to sensitise people about it, the mayor said.
saheed nagar resident bhakta charan moharana said the city administration and the citizens should realise the adverse effects of open defecation.
the practice not only pose a health risk for the people, but also destroys the image of the city.
there should be efforts to eliminate this, said moharana.
cyclists make use of the bicycle track on bidyut marg in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, sept.
20: the city administration has decided to make its roads more pedestrian and cyclist-friendly.
the move is aimed at curbing the number of deaths that take place because of frequent accidents on bhubaneswar roads.
the city witnessed 600 major roads accidents in 2015 in which 175 people died.
the number of accidents in 2014 was 516, but the number of deaths was 177, said reports.
a survey by a local agency revealed that nearly 60 per cent people in the city were either pedestrians or bicyclists.
we have planned to construct bicycle tracks leading from lingaraj temple to the other parts of the city.
the existing tracks will be freed from encroachment, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
at a conclave on road safety here, works department secretary nalini pradhan said they had started a traffic audit to understand the road-use behaviour pattern of people.
a specific study has been completed between pitapalli square and cuttack, which provides interesting results, said pradhan.
bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) is going to implement a programme called public bike sharing to promote non-motorised transport in the city.
in the proposed programme, the civic body will lend bicycles to the public for a specified time against a fee.
bmc deputy commissioner srimanta mishra said: we have got 100 bicycles and are thinking of a way to implement the bike-sharing programme.
it will be implemented shortly.
the civic body in collaboration with other stakeholders is also planning to introduce modern traffic lights with pelican signalling system at 64 junctions across the city.
under the smart city scheme, janpath is also going to have lane-driving option along with state-of-the-art bicycle and pedestrian tracks.
there are many places in the city where traffic is chaotic and the areas are vulnerable to accidents.
if the city administration really wants to ensure the safety of citizens, they should ensure that the roads and junctions are constructed and guarded properly, said saheed nagar resident arpan mohanty.
another major component under the smart city scheme would be to make the city streets safe for children.
municipal commissioner krishan kumar said: we worry when our children go out because the streets are not child-friendly.
we will focus on to designs to make streets children-friendly, said kumar.
a class vi student of capital high school, amish mishra, said: some cycle tracks are damaged while others are encroached upon.
sandeep mishraencroachments on vani vihar square.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the development authority's plans for a drive to remove encroachments around utkal university has elicited staunch opposition from vendors and business owners in the area.
the bhubaneswar development authority, along with other government agencies, has planned a demolition-cum-eviction drive to remove squatters around the varsity with particular focus on vani vihar square - the connecting link to institute.
the authorities will hold a meeting with officials concerned and chalk out plans to undertake what could be one of the city's biggest ever eviction drives.
we have invited higher education, home and civic officials to finalise the plans, said an authority official.
local residents and commuters alleged that inaction by the authorities has allowed vani vihar square to fall prey to rampant encroachment.
insurmountable traffic problems are clogged drains in the area compound their misery.
that apart, different vehicles, especially auto-rickshaws and long-distance coaches, , stop to pick up passengers at this square add to commuter woes.
vani vihar is an important junction, but encroachments and irregular halting of vehicles choke the area.
traffic jams are a regular affair.
moreover, the junction's poor planning enables people to drive on the wrong side, said utkal employee santosh jena.
what is worse is that police are mute spectators.
the drive, however, will not be easy for the authorities since the encroachers plan to oppose the move.
several people like me have been conducting business here for the past 15 years.
i run a travel agency and this place is the best for it.
we are not going to allow them to evict us, said vimal jena.
a few meters down the road towards the acharya vihar square, the development authority faces another problem in the shape of opposition from slum dwellers who have claimed settlement rights beside the varsity's boundary wall.
we are aware of these problems and will strategically conduct the drive, said the official.
the development authority, however, can count on help from the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the police.
we are here to assist them since it will be a joint eviction drive.
we will make people understand the situation and look to rehabilitate them, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
development authority sources said the drive would also cover the varsity campus.
encroachment is not only confined to the outer areas.
we will look after the amount of encroachment and then evict them, said another official.
sandeep mishraa cesspool emptier in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has turned a blind eye on the government's safe wastewater management guidelines, refusing to take lessons from regular outbreaks of water-borne diseases within its jurisdiction.
the frequent outbreaks of water-borne diseases such as jaundice forced the government's hand and the housing and urban development department framed a rigorous faecal sludge management guideline for the state's urban local bodies last year.
the guidelines are meant for faecal sludge management in a manner that will not contaminate drinking water or pollute soil.
it also makes monitoring vehicles that carry the faecal sludge from households mandatory.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, however, has yet to start registering the private cesspool operators, enabling them to violate blatantly the norms.
the vehicles that are mainly operated privately continue to dump the collected wastewater in open drains, triggering fear of contamination and simultaneous outbreaks of water-borne diseases.
the civic doesn't even have any idea about the number of such vehicles engaged in the job.
it introduced online registration system for cesspool operators in december, but that too has failed to take off.
the new website is under development.
we will include important components and set up a registration tab for cesspool operators, said a civic official.
besides failing to come up with a proper registration system, the civic body has also failed to identify a separate dumping site for safe disposal of the faecal sludge, in violation of the guideline.
the cesspool operators also feel helpless since they don't have a place to dump the wastewater and release it into open drains.
we know that we carry something that is not good for the environment.
we can neither dump the sludge in the open ground nor water bodies.
we found the drains suitable for releasing the sludge since it will be carried to the place where other wastewater is going, said a cesspool operator.
it will be done within a fortnight.
the operators will have to register with us or pay fines.
we are in the process of constructing two sewerage treatment plants.
the wastewater will be carried there before being released into drains, said jena.
sandeep mishracalamity in waiting: the natural drainage channel no.
10 in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: lack of maintenance has restricted the free flow of water through the 10 natural drainage channels in the city, triggering the fear of urban flooding during monsoon.
the channels, which are about 37km in length and cover nearly 103sqkm of the city area, carry wastewater from city households to gangua nullah or the daya river.
every year, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation spends crores of rupees ahead of monsoon for repair and maintenance of the channels, located at patia, sainik school, vss nagar, vani vihar, lakshmi sagar, baragada, kedargouri, airport, ghatikia and near nicco park.
a reality check done by the telegraph on thursday revealed that most of the channels are now filled with weeds, making it difficult for the water to flow smoothly.
the situation is worse for the drainage channels near janpath and vani vihar, which not only lack proper embankment but also fall prey to encroachment by slum dwellers.
in case of the one near the crpf area, though the civic body built concrete embankment for the channel, it got damaged in the absence of proper care.
the bigger drains or channels are essential set-ups that help to avoid flood-like situation in the city.
but since the civic body is not properly maintaining the drains, these are falling prey to encroachments.
the corporation has also failed to ensure periodic cleaning of the drains, said nayapalli resident jatindra mohanty.
the natural drainage channel no.
4, which is considered to be the bane for the residents of acharya vihar especially during monsoon, too, remains in a bad condition since the civic body is yet to construct a box-type drain that they had proposed to do last year.
we had submitted a revised proposal before the government for construction of box-type drain for the fourth drainage channel.
it got the nod now.
we will float a tender and begin the work by the end of this month.
the projects get delayed because of some flaws in the previous tender document, said a civic body official.
we have done the de-silting work of the drainage channels as is done ahead of monsoon every year.
our drainage division is preparing a drainage master plan for the city, which includes improvement of drainage channels as well as the new sewerage system.
we do not have much drainage problems, but the master plan will help us tackle any situation in near future, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraa slum in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the development authority's dream to develop five affordable housing complexes in the city to provide quality accommodation to the people, mainly those belonging to the poorer sections of the society, has not moved much since its inception in 2016.
the promise has remained largely on paper with not even a brick been laid at the project sites planned at satya nagar, chandrasekharpur, gadakana and subuddhipur under the state government's housing for all scheme.
the plan was to create a stock of more than 5,000 affordable housing units and 2,600 of those were to have been built at satya nagar.
sources said the project was getting delayed as people were protesting against their eviction from the sites.
however, the insiders of the bhubaneswar development authority said the problem existed in the tender documents of several projects.
we had invited proposal for the projects at chandrasekharpur and satya nagar, but got lesser participation in the first attempt, said a development authority official.
he said it was true that the people were mobilising themselves to oppose many such projects, but the case was not the same with each one.
there were no opposition from the people at chandrasekharpur since we have identified a vacant land for the project and decided to rehabilitate the people of nearby slums.
however, problems exist with a project at satya nagar, said the official.
to tackle people's opposition to the project, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had conducted several community meetings at several slums and also roped in voluntary organisations to settle disputes.
we have succeeded in getting support for the project.
the beneficiaries have also been identified for many of the projects, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
municipal commissioner krishan kumar, however, said all disputes related to the people's opposition and tender flaws had been resolved.
we have finalised the tender documents and got potential bidders to take up the projects.
the work at gadakana and satya nagar will begin in a month, said kumar.
being a first-of-its-kind project, the government believed that the scheme would succeed.
the bidders will develop affordable houses on 65 per cent of the land and the remaining portion would be used to their liking.
however, looking at the pace of the projects, it seems that the project has failed to take off.
the scheme is good, but i am surprised why it didn't find executors.
i haven't gone through the proposal, but i suppose there must be some flaws in the tender document.
the government should overcome it, said real-estate developer sangram nayak.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has resumed its work for installation of energy efficient led street lights across the city after being slammed by the housing and urban development department for slowing down the project.
the civic body, along with its executing agencies, has identified stretches including tankapani road, omfed square to sainik school and internal roads at damana, kalinga vihar and chandrasekharpur for installation of the lights.
we have been intimated by the department that the agency is facing certain ground-level problem while installing the lights.
we extended our support to the agency and the work is back on track now.
according to the plan, all the street lights will be replaced with leds in the next one year, said a senior official of the corporation.
according to the plan, the civic body, along with its executing partner, will install about 5,000 leds across the city.
in this phase, it will install about 1,000 street lights on the selected stretches.
the survey is complete and the installation of the poles is on right now.
work in this phase will be over in a month, said the official.
the civic body is installing energy efficient street lights across the city under the recently launched unnati scheme.
we had long back started replacing the traditional lights with the energy efficient ones.
this time we are doing with greater vigour, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said in the earlier phase leds were installed on important stretches, now internal roads were being covered.
we have installed about 15,000 leds so far.
it will be doubled in the next one year.
we have been able to save almost 80 per cent energy with it, said the mayor.
patia resident satya mishra said the leds not only provide good light, but saves a lot of energy.
the civic body is doing quite good job, but they need to concentrate on the internal roads also.
it is a welcome move of them for shifting focus in a local manner.
it would benefit many, said the corporate employee.
bhubaneswar, nov.
4: car parking will be convenient in all the three administrative zones as the municipal corporation has decided to launch 52 more such on and off-street facilities across the city.
in march, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had put up 28 on and off-street parking sites across the city - mostly to invite criticism for arbitrary identification of the sites.
residents, at that time, had raised voices over identifying parking lots near medical shops, vending zones and others brief-stay places.
however this time, the new initiative aims to ease the overall traffic scenario across the city by including the administrative zones - five in southwest, nine in north and a highest of 32 in the southeast zone.
the areas include major localities such as exhibition ground, unit-i market, asoka market and big bazaar.
the corporation has identified the new parking sites mostly near parks, hotels and hospitals and also on the busy janpath.
corporation sources said the new parking lots would be operational by the end of january.
at present, the civic body is operating nearly 46 parking lots after deploying private agents at various locations across the city.
approximately, the corporation parking operators manage about 5,000 cars and double the number of bikes every day.
there is a need of more parking places across the city.
we had conducted a feasibility survey and identified the new sites based on their demand.
we have now invited interested agencies or person to take over and maintain the lots, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
residents have hailed the move as haphazard parking often poses a serious threat to the traffic, especially during peak hours.
unit-ix resident biraja mishra said it was a welcome step to introduce more parking lots in the city.
but, the authority should instruct the operators to guard the vehicles instead of only collecting money.
we have to park our vehicles at various places to ensure its safety.
the operator concerned should ensure it, said mishra, a government employee.
there is a rising concern over arbitrary collection of money, arguing with the commuters and not guarding the vehicles at many parking lots in the city.
citizens often complain about stolen helmets, which they leave with their bikes while parking.
they also complain about collection of money for brief-stays for about some minutes or so.
the city administration should issue an uniform guideline for the parking operators for smooth management of the lots.
the civic body should adopt a similar method opted by the airport of free parking for up to five minutes to avoid problems.
they should also ask the operators to issue proper tickets and behave well with the people, said chandrasekharpur resident umakant rath.
in a related development, officials of bhubaneswar smart city limited are planning to build one more multi-storey parking lot at saheed nagar on the janpath under the smart city project.
earlier last month, the officials had decided to construct the first such facility near unit-ii haat - for which the detail project report is under preparation, according to sources.
janpath is one of the major stretches which house a number of offices, malls, commercial complexes and so on.
more people daily commute in this part of the city.
the present practice of on-street parking here often creates trouble in traffic management, hence we are planning to construct a multi-storey facility here, said an official of bhubaneswar smart city limited.
nayapalli resident upasana dutta said parking vehicle on janpath was a tough task, as it often remained full and the on-street ones, mainly near the pantaloons and the central mall, were already contributing to traffic snarls.
there is an urgent need of a centralised parking facility on janpath.
however, the administration should chose the site carefully as this is not a small stretch, said dutta.
the year is going to be over.
we have been instructed to prepare the upcoming draft annual budget.
in the last council meeting, we had been asked to increase the earning and ensure proper collection of user fees.
parking charges is a part of it, said a civic body official.
the civic body earns about rs 10 lakh towards parking fees every month.
sandeep mishrastagnant water in front of jayadev bhawan in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the health and family welfare department has asked the civic officials here to take adequate measures to prevent outbreak of various water and mosquito-borne diseases - such as hepatitis and dengue - during the ensuing monsoon season.
the department has also issued a rigorous guideline and asked the officials of bhubaneswar municipal corporation and other allied agencies to comply with the same to combat the diseases in a time-bound manner.
the weather centre has predicted an early arrival of monsoon.
we need to take measures accordingly, said an official of health department.
the health department has covered several aspects in the guideline - such as taking steps for awareness and community mobilisation, intensified cleanliness activities, prevention of accumulation of stagnant water, supply of safe drinking water and maintenance, repair and disinfections of tubewells and standposts.
besides, the health department has also asked the civic body to form an urban taskforce involving various community representatives.
the committee will meet once a week and review various activities and draft plans to address specific concerns in the city.
the civic body will also take steps to manage removal of waste - such as plastic bags, cups, containers, coconut shells, broken tins, unused tyres and old motor vehicles - at work sites to prevent stagnation of water.
the health department has asked the civic body to take up de-silting and de-weeding of drains on priority basis and complete all such works by first week of june.
we have already asked our officials working in the urban health centres to be ready to deal with the situation.
we will also form a squad to prevent accumulation of stagnant water.
the drain de-silting work will be complete by the first week of june, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
an aerial view of bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 28: chief minister naveen patnaik congratulated the state capital and those associated with the smart city project for winning the coveted pierre l'enfant international planning excellence award of the american planning association (apa).
adding another feather to its already decorated cap, bhubaneswar became the first indian city to receive the award for its comprehensive smart city proposal.
congratulate #smartcitybhubaneswar on becoming 1st indian city to win @apa_planning pierre l'enfant international planning excellence award, naveen has tweeted.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will receive the award on may 8 at an event in new york.
it is a proud moment for us that our proposal is not only winning laurels from within the country for being good and comprehensive, but also from other leading international agencies, said municipal commissioner krishan kumar, who is also the managing director of the bhubaneswar smart city limited.
an apa jury had selected five recipients for the excellence award.
the bhub-aneswar municipal corporation was selected in the excellence in planning category.
the civic body's citizen engagement model, including inclusive planning for all categories of residents worked in its favour.
last november, bhub-aneswar took part in the world smart city expo held in barcelona as one of the finalists.
although, it didn't win the award, it's child-friendly proposal earned appreciation.
bhubaneswar was adjudged the country's top smart city in january 2016.
we believe that the involvement of citizens is a key issue in the smart city mission.
we conducted a number of citizen connect programmes and that gave us an idea on transforming the city according to the need, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
citizens connect was a three-month project that obtained inputs from nearly a third of the residents using diverse channels, including discussion forums, face-to-face meetings with slum dwellers and street vendors, online polls, social media outreach, volunteer programmes, idea papers and design competitions.
it achieved youth engagement through street plays, flash mobs and information kiosks.
community dialogues engaged workers in local businesses and industries.
public personalities also joined in as campaign ambassadors.
citizen involvement is necessary in making a place smart.
there should be focus on the need of citizens rather than planning arbitrarily.
i congratulate the city for the feat.
but instead of glorifying themselves after receiving awards, the city should focus on executing the projects at ground level, said unit-iii resident biraj mishra.
sandeep mishraon fire: the bhuasuni dumping yard.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the bhuasuni dumping yard has returned to haunt the civic body with repeated incidents of fire triggering fear of a major accident among those living in its vicinity.
a major fire broke out at the dumping yard earlier this week, following which the odisha state pollution control board cracked the whip on the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
it has slapped a fine of rs 25,000 on the civic body.
the problem did not end there as another fire broke out at the yard on wednesday.
earlier, the board had notified that burning any solid waste materials in pubic or in the open was a violation of solid waste management norms.
anyone found violating the norms would be penalised.
in case of small amount of garbage, the penalty is rs 5,000, while in case of a bulk waste it is rs 25,000.
the board sources said they received a complaint from local villagers that the civic body had set on fire huge amount of garbage at the dumping yard.
we acted on the basis of the complaint and slapped the notice on the corporation since they are responsible to tackle any such incident, said a board official.
civic body officials, however, claimed that they had not set the garbage on fire and it was the act of the local rag pickers.
it has also lodged a police complaint regarding the incident.
we have engaged three water tankers and four cesspool vehicles for the past five days to douse the fire at the dumping yard, said an official.
the corporation on thursday, through an official statement, stated that their officials were monitoring the situation.
the mishap had been reported some days ago.
some criminals are behind the incident.
they want to create panic in and around the site, which is the ultimate destination for the municipal solid waste, stated the statement.
local villagers said the criminals were knowingly doing mischief to provoke those living here.
rag pickers, who come to the yard to collect valuables from the waste, are also throwing butts of cigarettes and beedis causing fire, it stated.
the civic body will develop a waste-to-energy plant at the yard that will help it maintain a clean environment.
however, the local villagers have been opposing the move since the past few years.
in 2015, the villagers had locked the yard.
they had also sought the intervention of the national green tribunal and orissa high court among others.
we want to maintain a clean and green city.
the waste-to-energy plant at the yard will not only help manage the waste in a better manner, but also create employment opportunity for the local people.
some people are provoking the villagers, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bhubaneswar, oct.
31: the municipal corporation today decided to bring in ward-level action plans to carry out projects in a move to simplify development process in the city.
the decision was taken during the monthly council meeting of the body today.
according to the plan, experts from the city civic body would carry out feasibility surveys in each ward and prepare action plan to develop roads, drains and other infrastructure at the beginning of the financial year.
the aim here is to bring in an unbiased fund distribution process to the wards.
in the present practice, the civic body chooses projects based on priority following recommendations of respective councillors.
the new move will bring in a decentralised process of development.
our officials will look out for the need of the respective wards in terms of infrastructure and provide us the plan, following which we will sanction the funds accordingly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
local councillors welcomed the move.
one of them, naren sahoo, said the new system would ensure transparency.
vehicles parked on a road in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture the new plan will ensure development in balance.
in the new process, the city will see all-round development.
it is a good move, said sahoo.
the corporation will also keep a contingent budget for each ward for use during emergencies.
the contingent budget would be utilised mainly for repairs.
the funds will be sanctioned to each ward according to their need of development.
the contingent budget will be kept aside for urgent need of repair and other such works, said a senior civic body official.
sailashree vihar resident jayanti maharana said the new plan of the civic body was good, but they should ensure the citizens' participation.
all kinds of development undertaken by the administration are meant to benefit us.
hence, the civic body should first consult the citizens before carrying out any infrastructure development in any ward, said maharana, a homemaker.
the municipal corporation has also initiated the process for preparation of the upcoming annual budget.
we have decided to streamline the revenue generation system.
we are going to bring in a stringent process of tax collection.
the state government has already prepared the gazette notification to implement property tax.
it will also add more to the revenue generation of the corporation, said the mayor.
a man dressed up as mahatma gandhi speaks to residents about swachh survekshan ii in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, feb.
13: the civic body has started to organise street-corner meetings to create awareness about the ongoing swachh survekshan ii survey and increase participation as it aims to secure the top spot on the basis of a positive citizens' feedback.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) organised the first meeting near bmc-bhawani mall at saheed nagar where binay dash, general manager of bhubaneswar smart city limited, addressed citizens and sensitised them about the national-level survey and the steps taken to ensure a clean city.
the meeting attracted hundreds of citizens, including an artist dressed up as mahatma gandhi, who was seen spreading awareness about the survey at the site.
the street-corner meets are an effort to apprise citizens about the survey and sensitise them about maintaining cleanliness and using dustbins.
we are here to provide service, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
citizen feedback is an important component of the swachh survekshan-2017 since it contributes 30 per cent of the total marks.
residents can give their feedback through a toll-free number and also the swachhata app that can be downloaded on smart phones.
in a related development, the urban development ministry has extended the deadline for feedbacks from february 12 to february 28.
the move comes amid worries about the poor response of citizens from different cities, including bhubaneswar.
the union ministry has also announced cash prizes for volunteers - swachhagrahis - for spreading awareness.
the survey's objective is to sensitise citizens and local bodies to maintain cleanliness.
we are going to make citizens aware about the different rewards from the ministry in the meetings, said a civic official.
the civic body's communication cell is co-ordinating the meetings.
on february 8, when the first meetings were held, they conducted three such street corners and there are plans to organise at least 50 such meetings across the city.
the meetings will continue till the end of this month.
so far, the civic body has conducted 15 meetings across the city, including slum settlements and educational institutions.
the civic body organised today's meeting at a vss nagar kalyan mandap, while they also conducted a meeting at yesterday's patha utsav event at janpath.
sources said the meetings were yielding results and the civic body had already received 5,140 feedbacks at the time of filing this report.
the number of downloads of the swachhata app stands at 1,090 at present.
this survey evaluates and ranks cities based on cleanliness and other aspects of urban sanitation.
the urban development ministry created it with the objective of fostering healthy competition between cities to improve standards of cleanliness and implement the swachh bharat abhiyan objective, said a member of the communication cell.
local residents, however, were not entirely pleased with the lax attitude of the civic body in ensuring cleanliness.
according to them, it was only after the city emerged at the top of the smart city standings last year that the municipal corporation decided to implement a cleanliness policy.
they said in unison that prior to that, there were no coloured bins placed across the city or sweeping twice on a daily basis.
last year, bhubaneswar had taken part in the first national cleanliness survey finished 24th among 73 cities.
it had secured 434 marks out of an average total of 500 marks in the sanitation challenge.
in the citizens' feedback section last year, 87 per cent said they had individual toilets while another 41 per cent confirmed that there was the provision of daily door-to-door garbage collection in the city.
goutam nagar resident anand mishra, while hailing the civic body's efforts in this regard, believes that it should have taken up the project much earlier.
urban local bodies get funds to organise such meetings and campaigns.
instead of street play, they have named it street-corner meeting.
there should be efforts to continue this campaign instead of fooling the people, said mishra, a retired government employee.
bhubaneswar, sept.
23: the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has started a special campaign to reach out to the people directly and address their problems.
teams led by the mayor, consisting of engineers, ward officers and local councillors, are visiting the localities and meeting people.
they are listening to the problems of the people and trying to solve them within a deadline.
last week, a few such teams visited ward nos.
18, 25, 26 and 34 and there is a plan to cover wards 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 21 in the near future.
we went to baramunda, nayapalli, 120 battalion and other nearby areas.
we met the people there and asked them about their problems.
our engineers also answered some queries that they had.
during the question-answer sessions and discussions, we came to know that rs 6 crore-worth work contracts are getting delayed because of the lack of the contractors initiatives.
the contractors were asked to speed up their projects and finish them on time, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said contractors were delaying work at ward no.
18.
they were asked to be serious in executing their work or they would be blacklisted by the corporation.
our warnings have worked and in many places, work has started again, jena said.
the mayor said the corporation was also planning to put up ward maps at prominent places in the wards with details of important roads, buildings, drains, community centres, kalyan mandaps, waste disposal points, telephone numbers and a space for the local people to give their remarks on the activities of corporation employees.
the engineering section is already working on the design of the ward map and it will be ready within four days.
once the designs are approved, the maps will be installed in each of the 60 wards, said a senior official of the corporation.
pratap kishore sahoo, councillor of ward no.
18, said the residents were happy to have the mayor and senior corporation officials visiting them to hear about their problems.
the contractors who were neglecting their work for months will now be forced to begin working so that their names do not feature in the list of contractors who will be ineligible to get more contracts from the corporation, he said.
resident of ward no.
18 umakanta samantray said: this visit by the corporation team should have happened earlier because without any monitoring, the contractors were executing their work unsystematically.
this type of interaction should take place in all wards regularly so that the work being carried out by the contractors gets monitored.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body is likely to amend its ward delimitation report drafted earlier with housing and urban development department asking it to submit a fresh report in the backdrop of a direction issued by the state election commission.
the commission slammed the housing and urban development department last week for delay in finalising ward delimitation reports since it will delay the conduct of elections for the urban local body, tentatively scheduled for later this year or early next year.
in reply, the housing and urban development department wrote that due to receipt of huge numbers of appeal petitions challenging the ward delimitation reports of various urban local bodies, including that of the state capital, the submission of the final report was getting delayed.
we will comply with the state government's direction and will consider the amendment, if needed, to the delimitation report, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
anwesha ambalyready to use: bicycles at bmc office in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the public bicycle sharing system would be launched to promote the eco-friendly modes of transport in the city.
a cycle lane will be developed as part of a futuristic 120km road under the complete street plan.
in the first phase, there will be a 40km stretch, and the two main focus areas will be smart district and info city areas, hereafter referred as the core area.
a meeting among officials of the bhubaneswar development authority, bhuban-eswar smart city limited and bhubaneswar municipal corporation was held recently where a roadmap on how to go about the system and make it user-friendly was presented.
without a dedicated cycle track in the city, the cyclists always remain vulnerable to the speeding light and heavy vehicles.
according to the provisions, the cycle track will have safety as a major concern for the cyclists, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
what had started as an awareness during the city's weekend fest, patha utsav, in the recent past, now took a new dimension as the project was part of the bhubaneswar smart city proposal, he said.
with this in mind, the city administration has put more stress on the use of cycles as the means of transport to remain smart.
the smart city proposal has categorically stressed on development of a non-motorised, green and healthy city transport network, he said.
to provide better transit linkages with the existing city bus services, the parking spaces shall be placed near the bus stops.
in the first phase, the system will include janpath, cuttack-puri road, jagamara-sundarpada road, bidyut marg, airport-nandankanan road, sachivalaya marg and the national highway.
around 3,500 bicycles shall be deployed in remotely controlled parking spaces located in every 400 to 500 metres distance within the core area.
all the cycles shall have remote locking and unlocking facilities.
in case of deficit of cycles in a particular zone, the two-wheelers would be transported to the deficit zone from the surplus area.
the cycles, equipped with the global positioning system, will be made available in the first phase before the hockey world cup scheduled in bhubaneswar in november.
sandeep mishrathe pending pond renovation project at laxmi sagar in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has listed about 500 unfinished projects, including road, drain and pond reclamation, for their time-bound completion.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation came up with the list following ward-wise meetings.
it had asked officials concerned to resume work on pending projects within the next seven days.
the projects include installation and repair of street lights, roads, drains and parks.
we have asked all councillors and other officials to review pending projects.
we found that more than 500 mini and major projects are stalled due to various reasons.
we have decided to overcome the hurdles and resume the projects in the next one week, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sources said that separate teams would be formed to monitor the projects at the ground level.
priority will be given to multi-crore projects such as reclamation of ponds that includes fishery tank and haz pokhari.
second on the priority list are road and drain projects that have remained unfinished.
moreover, a rigorous review system will also put in place to keep track of the projects and resolve issues related to their execution.
many road and drainage projects have been stalled due to local opposition and sometimes due to encroachment.
these will be resolved in a time bound manner, jena said.
besides, the corporation has also shifted focus on conducting major eviction drives to remove encroachment hurdles stalling the projects.
on several occasions we have finalised the tender and issued work order, but it got stopped due to encroachment.
this will be dealt with strictly, said a corporation official.
in the face of opposition from local residents, the corporation also had a tough time reclaiming ponds.
the fishery tank, which was to be reclaimed for rs 6.
69 crore, hangs fire.
local residents create hurdles to these projects on the ground of popular sentiments and the belief that the administration will ruin its ethical value.
the ponds are considered holy.
we undertake various rituals at the pond, including boita bandana, said janmejaya mahapatra, a resident of laxmi sagar.
if the corporation takes over the pond, they will not only debar us from holding such rituals but also destroy its biodiversity, mahapatra added.
jena, however, assured that the ponds would be restored for the benefit of the people and its flora and fauna would not be destroyed.
we are working for the people.
once the ponds get restored, the people will be the major beneficiaries of the facility.
they will have all kinds of facilities around the pond, the mayor said.
the existing foot overbridge at jayadev vihar bhubaneswar, feb.
17: the city administration has decided to put a brake on two proposed projects along janpath after the state capital's special purpose vehicle for implementing the ambitious smart city project requested the respective agencies not to go ahead with them.
the two overbridges were proposed to come up near rupali square and master canteen square.
the site for the proposed bridge near rupali square in bhubaneswar.
telegraph pictures the decision comes after the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl)'s decision to convert janpath into the city's smartest street.
the stretch is also included in the area-based development component of the smart city proposal, which will see an array of other infrastructure projects.
we have communicated to the local authorities, including the public works department and other government and private agencies, not to take up any infrastructure projects on janpath as we have other plans to develop this stretch under the smart city project.
the overbridges were one of the projects on this stretch, said a bscl official.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc), in 2012, decided to construct three foot overbridges - near pal heights at jayadev vihar square, rama devi women's university at rupali square and master canteen square.
while the bmc took nearly four years to complete work on the jayadev vihar square overbridge, work on the other two never began.
the bmc chose the areas for the overbridges because of several accidents that had occurred there in the past.
work was stalled because of a plan to have a rapid bus transport system, said a civic official.
he said the project would have been executed in a public-private-partnership where the civic body would not bear any cost.
the private partner was to spend the money.
it was good that the bridges were delayed on janpath.
if it would have been constructed, it might have to be demolished for new projects, said the official.
the purpose of the overbridge was to provide safe passage to pedestrians for crossing the road.
that purpose will now be served by the new pelican system, which will be installed in all major junctions of the city.
all junctions on japath will have the advanced system in place, said jena.
pelican is a modern technology that ensures pedestrian control over zebra crossings.
it is an automatic system where pedestrians could turn the signal green by pressing a button while crossing the road and then turn it back to red once they do.
the system will be introduced in the state capital as part of the revamp of traffic signalling system under the smart city project.
the bridge was necessary near our institute since many students cross the road, risking their lives.
if the administration has decided not to construct it and introduce a new system, they should first do it here and near master canteen area, said rama devi women's university student sushree ankita.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: uk-based market research agency juniper research has put bhubaneswar among the top 20 best performing smart cities in the world.
bhubaneswar is the only indian city to make it to the list.
the study focused on four broad areas such as mobility, health, safety and productivity.
bhubaneswar ranked 13th on the safety parameter while it came in at 20th on mobility, health and productivity.
the study, titled global smart city performance index-2017, was released on march 12 on the official website of juniper research.
while assessing the performance of the cities, the study also suggested measures for improvement to top performing cities in the four mentioned areas.
it is indeed the result of our hard work and dedication that has made the city more liveable.
our smart city proposal puts focus on making the city more children-and-elderly-friendly, said municipal commissioner krishan kumar.
this has brought us laurels.
the ranking will further boost our confidence, kumar, also vice-chairman of the development authority, said.
in the study, bhubaneswar was assessed along with other cities in the world - such as singapore, london, san francisco, berlin, dubai, barcelona, melbourne, seoul, rio de janeiro, tokyo and san diego.
different cities got different ranks with singapore topping the list in all the four categories.
singapore ranked first in overall parameters, while london and new york ranked second and third respectively.
bhubaneswar finished in 19th place overall.
it is not the first time that bhubaneswar has earned a place at the international level.
in november 2016, the city became one of the finalists to compete for the top slot in world smart city expo held in barcelona.
we topped the smart city list in the country, which resulted in more and more foreign countries evincing interest in helping us develop bhubaneswar, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said they were trying to improve bhubaneswar in every manner and would continue to do so with active participation of the citizens and a dynamic workforce.
sandeep mishraan under-construction star hotel at satya nagar in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwineebhubaneswar: in a bid to increase quality accommodation facilities ahead of the men's hockey world cup here in november, the development authority has directed the allottees of three hotel projects of the city to expedite and complete the work by the end of september.
two of these upcoming hotels fall in star categories, while the other project is a budget one.
with the completion of all the three hotel projects, 313 rooms will be added to the city's pool to accommodate visitors.
the star hotels are located at satya nagar and khandagiri, while the one in the budget category will come up in nayapalli.
the need to expedite the hotel projects was felt since thousands of delegates and other tourists are likely to converge here during the conduct hockey world cup.
the tourism department has been asked to identify the accommodations for the visitors, but we will be in need of more facilities, said a bhubaneswar development authority official.
he said the authorities had decided to auction 10 potential lands for hotel projects in the city, but it would not be completed before time since the plan was amended.
a hotel could not be constructed in a few months, as it was decided to put the already under-construction project on fast track, said the official.
the government has formed a special committee to decide on infrastructure needed in city to successfully host the world cup.
the committee has been convening meetings every month to fine-tune the preparations.
it is a golden opportunity for us to host such a mega sports event.
we don't want to be casual and have decided to transform the city before the world cup.
various aspects are being looked into to host the event.
ensuring quality accommodation is a part of it.
the hotel project will be put on fast track, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
at present, the city doesn't have proper accommodation facilities for visitors, other than a few star hotels.
quality accommodation is a major part for increasing tourism potential of any particular area.
the city does have some good star hotels, but it is not enough.
the authorities should take steps to lure big and branded hotel projects, said patia resident uttam jena.
sandeep mishraprivate vehicles parked on a designated bus bay in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state government has decided to introduce 200 new city buses by november and also develop an interstate bus terminal with a dedicated city bus depot at baramunda.
the plan is to provide a bus every four minutes to the citizens.
however, the places where passengers are meant to wait for the buses are not fit for use.
some passengers complain that the buses do not even halt at the designated places.
ironically, amid big plans for improving urban mobility in the city, the authorities are talking nothing about the development of these bus stops, which are essential because the vehicles are not supposed to stop at random places.
it is grossly improper of the government not to think about the development of the bus stops.
the bus bays have remained under-utilised for long.
i have never seen a bus making a halt at the designated stops.
due to this, the bus stops have turned into a den for goons, said patia resident jiten meher, a retired government employee.
a visit by the telegraph to some such facilities on tuesday revealed that criminals use the bigger bus bays at chandrasekharpur, satya nagar, nayapalli, shastri nagar, saheed nagar, patia and niladri vihar as alcohol and drugs joints.
the evidence of this is easy to find with empty alcohol bottles lying strewn at the bus stops.
when it comes to the smaller bus stops at kharavela nagar, surya nagar, ashok nagar, fire station, sailashree vihar, nilakantha nagar, madhusudan nagar and few other places, the urban homeless have encroached on them.
a squatter at fire station square said: we have no other place to go to and so are making use of this shelter.
bhubaneswar-puri transport services limited and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation have been jointly operating the city bus services since 2010.
the transport company takes care of the buses, while the civic body is supposed to maintain the stops.
it is not true that we are thinking nothing about the bus stops.
under the city bus modernisation plan, every aspect of public transport will get revamped.
we are going to put steel frame and railing at the bus stops with digital board providing information about the buses, said jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has taken a tough stand against holding tax defaulters and slapped red notices on 284 individuals and establishments on wednesday.
the identified defaulters owe the bhubaneswar municipal corporation rs 10,000 or more in holding tax.
we have identified the defaulters and asked them to clear their dues before march 31, said deputy municipal commissioner srimanta mishra.
mishra said the notices had been served on the defaulters and they would have to clear the dues by the stipulated time.
if they failed, the defaulters will face action in accordance to provisions of the orissa public demand recovery (opdr) act 1962, he said.
the opdr act allows filing of certificate cases against the defaulters.
if a certificate case is filed against an individual and it is ignored, then the corporation can take stringent steps such as attaching bank accounts and movable and immovable properties till the dues are cleared.
the civic body aims to collect rs 9 crore of holding tax from these defaulters.
the holding tax collection has not been good this time due to a few habitual tax defaulters.
as we want to maintain the trend of good tax collection, we have decided to take a tough stand on these defaulters, said a civic body official.
in september last year, the housing and urban development department slammed the civic body for poor holding tax collection.
chief secretary a.p. padhi held the review meeting and directed the corporation to overcome the problem and maintain proper collection of revenue.
at the review meeting, it was revealed that the corporation's collection from march to september last year was rs 9.
96 crore against a target of rs 60 crore.
the housing and urban development department had then asked the corporation to overcome the lacunas.
we found that the municipal corporation has failed to undertake new assessment and re-assessment of the holdings, which resulted in low collection of tax.
besides, the tax collectors have also failed to meet their holding tax collection target from the defaulters, said an official of the department.
a good tax collection is important to undertake various development work in the city.
the collected amount is spent for the benefit of the people, so everyone should cooperate and pay the tax on time, said jena.
a vending zone at red cross bhavan square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 14: the civic body will organise special camps for collection of existing trade licence fees and distribution of new ones from may 22.
civic body officials hope this move will boost the city's tax collection.
the first such camp will be held at the rental colony community centre at nayapalli.
in the later phases, it will be held at chandraskharpur bda market complex, the civic body's zonal office near kalpana square, siddheswar yuvak sangh at jagamara, lakshmisagar yatri nivas and acharya vihar community centre.
the camps will continue till may 31.
according to the action plan, three zonal deputy commissioners, tax collectors, data entry operators and other revenue cell officials will be involved with the camp.
we plan to organise special camps for those traders who have not obtained the licence so far.
trade licences need to be renewed every fiscal.
however, many traders here do not abide by that law.
we want to bring them into the fold through these camps.
if they don't show up, we will cancel their licences, said the civic body's additional commissioner alok kar.
he said the officials would take the help of voluntary organisations to bring traders into the fold.
not only can traders renew their licenses at the camps, but also apply for new ones.
the camps will provide a one-stop solution to them, said kar.
the step comes on the back of a review meeting on revenue collection and performance of tax collectors in february.
officials felt the need to strengthen the revenue collection system from trade licences since it was revealed that many traders were running their businesses without obtaining the required licences from the civic body.
there is no exact data on the number of such traders, but it is evidently very high, said a civic body official.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has set a target of increasing its revenue collection to rs 130 crore this fiscal.
this money will be collected from different taxes, including holding tax, user's fees, advertisement, trade licence, parking fees and market rents.
the municipal corporation had collected only rs 3.
91 crore from trade licence during the previous fiscal.
we are taking measures to strengthen revenue collection.
we are making efforts to strengthen the revenue collection system.
the special camps will help us in achieving this goal, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
garbage dumped near parsurameswar temple in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 25: the municipal corporation is gearing up for the second round of union urban development ministry's swachh survekshan or cleanliness survey, which will kick off in june.
the city had taken part in the first round of the survey along with 72 other cities in january and was placed 24th in the nationwide ranking.
cuttack was the only other city from the state to have taken part in the survey.
however, this time, the competition is going to be tough for bhubaneswar as the number of participants has gone up to 500.
the cities have been selected on the basis of their population with the criterion relaxed to one lakh and above instead of 10 lakh earlier.
bhubaneswar will also be competing with eight other odisha cities this time.
they are cuttack, puri, bhadrak, balasore, sambalpur, baripada, rourkela and berhampur.
the selected nine cities, including bhubaneswar, are the beneficiaries of the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme.
according to jena, the first survey had given them an opportunity to identify the lacunae in the city's cleanliness drive.
therefore, it would be easier for them to fix those loopholes and win the race.
the city will mainly be evaluated on the basis of actions taken to plug the problems of open defecation, integrated solid waste management, information, education and behaviour change communication, door-to-door collection of waste, sweeping, collection and transportation, processing and disposal and provision of public, community and individual toilets.
data collection has been segregated into three categories - compilation of data from the municipal body, direct observation and citizen feedback.
the battle will be tough this time as the ministry has increased the weightage of citizen's feedback to 30 per cent from the earlier 25 per cent and reduced the civic body's response to 45 per cent from the earlier 50 per cent.
it retained the independent observation at 25 per cent.
the capital city in the first cleanliness survey conducted in january had secured 1,279 marks out of 2,000.
the city has already got the tag of being the smartest in the country, but we have always failed to impress when it comes to sanitation.
the administration should learn from their earlier mistakes and try to get the cleanest tag in the upcoming survey, said ghatikia resident mithali mohanty.
the telegraph had reported about the poor progress of swachh bharat mission in the city.
government data shows that the civic body managed to construct only 11.
28 per cent of the total number of individual household latrines planned to be built during 2015-16.
the corresponding figure for public and community toilets is a poor 1.
88 per cent.
the construction of individual household latrines in slum areas and public and community toilets are two of the major components under the swachh bharat mission to make urban areas free from open defecation.
the municipal corporation has got one more chance to show its potential.
it should not miss it and act accordingly to maintain its dignity of being the smartest in the country.
it is the time for action for the administration, said city-based environmentalist bimal jena.
bhubaneswar, april 28: the administration has undertaken grand plans for the town centre district with an aim to make it open defecation free.
it has decided to declare all 24 slums along janpath on the bhubaneswar town centre district open defecation free on independence day.
in a bid to achieve this milestone, the municipal corporation, along with other non-governmental organisations, has expedited the process to construct individual household latrines and sensitise citizens on the effects of open defecation.
vineel krishna, chief executive of the bhubaneswar smart city limited, gave a hint about the development on his twitter handle.
the civic body has already started various outreach programmes at the slums through the united nations population fund, its partner in the project.
we have been conducting community programmes and sensitising citizens on opting for healthy habits, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said they had expedited process to distribute work orders for construction of individual latrines and community toilets.
we are focusing on janpath as it is part of the area-based development under the smart city project.
we will make this stretch free from open defecation and later the entire city by 2018, said jena.
the town centre district along janpath , work on which will be completed by june# it will also construct 10 community-cum-public toilets for slum-dwellers.
and use the toilets instead of polluting the environment.
we request the administration to take care of their maintenance, said adarsh sahoo, a colony basti resident.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the municipal corporation's efforts to upgrade its rank in the ongoing swachh survekshan seem to be going down the drain with the popularity of the civic body steadily decreasing.
the performance report in the swachhata app and the swachh city ranking dashboard of the union government captures the decreasing trend.
despite several initiatives, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is continuously getting poor response from citizens, which is one of the prominent parameters to do well in the survey.
so far the civic body has received a mere 40 responses from the citizens through the app.
when it comes to swachh city, it stands at 189th position among the 4,000-odd cities in the country.
among the initiatives, the civic body has launched a tableau that is moving round the city to enlist citizen feedback.
a rigorous social media campaign is also on as part of the survey.
they should have done something similar to make citizens aware about opting for good sanitation practice than begging for votes, said patia resident jitendra mohanty.
the situation is of concern for the state capital since other towns such as sambalpur and cuttack are ahead in the race.
according to reports, sambalpur has received 86 responses through the swachhata app, while cuttack has 49.
when it comes to swachh city dashboard, sambalpur has taken the lead and stands at the 183rd spot.
swachhata app is a smartphone application that citizens could use to send their feedback on city's cleanliness for the ongoing swachh survekshan.
greater participation would mean better rank for a city.
the swachh city is a dashboard of the union ministry of housing and urban affairs where several cities get their daily ranking on cleanliness.
sources said the city's poor performance was mainly due to the lack of initiative on the part of the civic body.
to foster a sense of competition and maintain cleanliness, the state government had asked the civic body to conduct various focused cleanliness drives.
accordingly, it started a swachh hospital and a swachh neighbourhood competition, but the drive did not continue.
the civic body also faltered on drives such as swachh souchalaya, swachh bazaar, swachh office or swachh park.
moreover, the civic body is likely to lose marks for management of solid waste since it is yet to set up waste-to-energy plant, composting plant, identify separate site for disposal of faecal sludge and plastic shredding unit among others.
we are doing our bit and improving the status of cleanliness in the city.
we have conducted several drives to sensitise citizens.
we are conducting rigorous sweeping activities.
we have doubled the number of public toilets.
we urge the citizens to contribute and support us in our activities, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraunauthorised: an attendant collects parking fee at an undesignated parking lot at unit-viii in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: unauthorised extortion and even hooliganism at undesignated parking lots have become a major worry for vehicle owners here.
i always come and withdraw money from an atm at nayapalli.
i have always parked my motorbike outside the kiosk and never seen any parking operator at the spot, said gothapatna resident siddhant hota.
but for hota thursday was different.
i parked my bike as usual, went to withdraw cash and when i was ready to leave the place a man in blue i came up and asked me for parking fee.
when i said i had parked the bike only for a few minutes, the man began to argue and insisted that i pay, said hota, a corporate employee.
hota was lucky that things ended with an argument, as there are complaints of hooliganism by these unauthorised parking attendants who fleece commuters in the name of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
these unauthorised parking lots have mushroomed and the corporation is yet to take action against these frauds who masquerade as bonafide operators.
if they are questioned, they would show tickets and claim corporation's approval to collect the fee.
hota's pain finds echo in patia resident anita mohanty's recent experience at a undesignated parking lot outside a medicine shop near keshari talkies in kharvela nagar.
the pharmacy is very popular in the city for its stock of medicine.
a number of people come here to get the medicine on a daily basis, said mohanty.
i pay parking fee for occupying space and to ensure safety of my vehicle.
however, i am unaware whether the corporation collects the money or anyone else does.
according to records, the civic body has 76 designated parking lots in its three administrative divisions.
of these, the civic body manages 23, private operators take care of 47 and six are institutional parking.
however in reality, a source said, undesignated parking lots in the city accounted for at least for another 100.
unauthorised parking lots are everywhere and they use fake tickets to collect fees.
their number increases major events or exhibitions.
they always ask for more money than the going rate and if you argue, they will bully you, said dibakar mishra, a resident of unit ii.
we always raid such persons and file cases.
i will personally go and raid places where such illegal practice is on.
people are welcome to complain, we will take action, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrainfrastructure push: ongoing renovation at a park in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state housing and urban development department has set deadlines to execute 33 water supply and 11 park projects under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme in the city in next two years.
the public health engineering organisation (pheo) will execute the water supply projects, while the park projects would be taken care of by the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
besides, two sewerage treatment plants will come up, for which the odisha water supply and sewerage board will swing into action.
the scheme will come to an end in 2020, and we have to intensify the project execution in order to keep on receiving grants from the centre.
the deadlines have been set for the purpose and circulated among the agencies executing the projects, said a department official.
according to the projects' schedule, the administration will complete two water supply, one sewerage plant and six parks by the end of march, six more water supply and three parks by june, 19 water supply, one sewerage plant and two parks by march 2019.
the remaining six water supply projects would be completed by march 2020.
an amount of rs 336 crore will be spent for the water supply projects, while rs 50 lakh will be spent for the sewerage plants and rs 10.
48 crore for the park projects.
more amount is being spent for water supply since there is plan to cover the entire city with the pipe water network, said the department official.
in the water supply projects, piped connection will be extended to areas, including palasuni, unit-ix, saheed nagar, sikharchandi, ghatikia, jagannathprasad, bhaktakabi madhusudan nagar, panchasakha nagar, satabdi nagar, kargil basti, ward nos.
8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 26, 29, 35 and 37 among others.
besides, the water treatment plants at mundali and ghatikia will also be automated under the scheme.
we have been working for extension of water supply connection to the uncovered areas keeping our focus on the urban poor, said pheo superintending engineer chitta ranjan jena.
we have enough water to supply and the networking now will help to cover the entire city, he said.
we will issue direction for its fast completion.
sandeep mishratourism trail: the historic khandagiri-udaygiri caves (top) and (above) the lingaraj temple in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: visiting tourist destinations here will become easier with the administration planning to link these places with dedicated bus routes.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc), bhubaneswar development authority (bda) and tourism department have started planning the new bus routes.
these special routes aim to boost the tourism potential of the state capital.
the plan to introduce the special bus routes was discussed at a meeting of the three agencies held earlier this month.
the new routes will cover major tourist destinations, hotels, important markets and other places of attraction, said an official of the tourism department.
it will be planned in a manner that people can travel to these places without much hassle, the official added.
at present, 100 city buses are running on 10 different routes in the city.
the existing routes were planned based on the demand, while the new plan aims to provide easy transport services to the tourists.
our officials have started working on it.
the routes will be finalised by march, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the buses will connect tourist destinations including nandankanan, dhauli peace pagoda, khandagiri and udaygiri, lingaraj temple, apart from the several museums, parks and planetarium in the city.
at present, tourists have to depend on private transport to visit these places.
we have to hire private vehicles to take a tour of the city.
the service is also very costly.
if we have good public transport connecting these tourist spots, we would not opt for private vehicles.
the idea is good and should be implemented, said malipada resident sushant mishra, a schoolteacher.
the move comes at a time when the state government has decided to increase the number of city buses to about 300 by november.
sources said the new bus routes are being planned keeping in mind tourist footfall during the men's hockey world cup to be held later this year.
the authorities are also planning to have dedicated routes and corridors for pedestrians near these tourist sites.
we want to showcase the city's grandeur during the hockey world cup and that requires creation of facilities for the visitors.
besides, the bus routes, there will also be pathways for pedestrians and cyclists, jena said.
sandeep mishraadded focus: a drain under construction at old town in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation will allot additional grants to 19 rural municipal wards in the coming fiscal for infrastructure development.
the civic body will provide an additional rs 1 crore to six municipal wards while 13 others will get rs 50 lakh in addition to what they get now.
the money will be utilised for construction of roads, drains and parks.
besides, the civic body's additional commissioner and engineers will look after the infrastructure need of ward nos.
50, 52, 62 and 63 and come up with a development proposal for allotment of grants.
we have identified 24 wards that need special attention for different deficiencies.
the councillors of these wards continue to ask for additional grants to take up different works.
we analysed the situation and decided to provide them with additional support for the benefit of citizens, said a senior civic official.
at present, all 67 civic wards get rs 1.
5 crore from municipal funds and an additional rs 50 lakh under the state government's recently launched unnati scheme.
besides, three civic wards along the proposed bhubaneswar town centre district get an additional rs 1 crore.
with the present amendment, 19 rural wards will get rs 2.
5 crore for infrastructure development, three wards along the proposed bhuban-eswar town centre district will get rs 3 crore as additional grants and the rest will continue to get rs 2 crore.
not every ward needs the same amount of money.
there are places where we need to take up more infrastructure work, while there are few others which need minimal work, jena said.
residents, however, are sceptical about the decision.
the additional funds are fine, but there is a need for error-free assessment of infrastructure before the funds are allotted.
i hope that the funds will be used for the purpose it is given for, said sampur resident jagannath mohapatra.
a newly-wed couple at the civic body's marriage registration office in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 9: the civic body has come up with a novel measure to make applying for marriage certificates easier.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has decided to decentralise the process of issuing the certificates to newly-weds, making it easier to register their marriage.
the new policy allows residents to apply for and avail of the certificates from the civic body's three zonal offices instead of only its headquarters.
couples can download a form from www.
bmc.gov.
in, attach necessary documents and approach the respective zonal office for the certificate.
earlier, marriage certificates were issued only at the civic body's headquarters at goutam nagar.
the headquarters teem with newly-wed couples and their relatives in the post-wedding season.
as the registration process takes time, the applicants have to wait for hours.
this move will save time and lessen the burden on the headquarters, said deputy commissioner of establishment, chitrasen rout.
the divisional zonal commissioners of respective zones will remain responsible for issuing certificates with prevailing terms and conditions.
the civic body has divided the 67 wards into three parts under the zonal commissioners.
two commissioners will handle 21 wards each, while the third will look after the process in the remaining 25 wards.
however, the civic body has kept the time and days of verification unchanged.
marriage registration and verification is done twice a week, on wednesdays and saturdays.
the timings on wednesdays are between 3pm and 5pm, while the registration time on saturdays is 12pm to 2pm.
the fee will be rs 17 if applied within a month of the wedding and rs 42 beyond the stipulated time.
decentralise the process will really help.
i remember i had to wait for a long time and visited the headquarters six to seven times to get the final certificates.
it will become even easier if the registration and verification process is done on every working day, said sailashree vihar resident narayan ojha, who obtained his marriage certificate this february.
at present, the civic body issues certificates to about 120 newly-weds every month on an average.
marriage registration for applicants from faraway locations other than areas near goutam nagar and kalpana adjacent to the corporation's headquarters will be easier and less time consuming after the decentralisation.
this decision will save a lot of time, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
an urban health centre in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, july 3: the plan to set up urban health centres under the national urban health mission (nuhm), which were to provide quality health care service to the people in the city, still remains a non-starter.
there were plans to develop 12 existing dispensaries into urban primary health centres and two hospitals into urban community health centres.
of these, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) controls five dispensaries and one hospital while the remaining are maintained by the health and family welfare department.
although the bmc-run dispensaries have been upgraded in terms of infrastructure, inadequate manpower has come in the way for providing quality health care services.
according to the nuhm guidelines, there should be a specialised doctor and at least two auxiliary nurses and midwives in each primary health centre.
the health centres should also have drug stores and blood-testing facilities along with pathology services, but none of these services were present in any of these health centres.
ironically, even after upgrade, these health centres are still running as dispensaries.
the health centre is here only for on paper.
i have rarely seen any doctor here.
the authorities had put up a board last year that says that it is an urban primary health centre.
however, the services have remained the same, said rasulgarh resident tutu baliarsingh on the health centre at ggp colony.
civic body officials claimed that all the five dispensaries under the municipal corporation had been upgraded to primary health centres and the necessary recruitment was in process.
we have upgraded all the five dispensaries following national standards.
now the recruitment is going on.
once it is done, the health centres will run according to the plans, said a senior civic body official, adding that recruitment would be over in the next four months.
the city is yet to see any urban community health centre following the failure of the civic body officials to upgrade the existing municipal hospital.
the hospital at unit-iv, run by the health and family welfare department has been partially upgraded, but is not serving the purpose of a community health centre.
the bmc recently decided to rope in private partners to complete the task.
we have already floated tender to select a private partner that will develop the municipal hospital and community health centres.
it will also remain responsible for maintenance of services at the primary health centres.
the private partner will construct, recruit and maintain these health centres, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the government had launched the ambitious national urban health mission in 2013 to provide quality health care services to the urban population.
although three years have passed since the introduction of the scheme, the services are yet to take complete shape in the city allegedly due to the slow work of the administration.
a senior nuhm official said this was a huge project that needed more time.
we had decided to develop and construct seven community health centres across the state.
two of these will be come up in bhubaneswar.
the centres need to be developed following the national standards.
we had asked bmc to expedite the job.
we hope to complete the job by next year, said the official.
a hoarding featuring prime minister narendra modi near the bjp's state headquarters ahead of the party's national executive bhubaneswar, april 13: the housing and urban development department has decided to put various projects under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) on fast track.
under the amrut scheme, the centre and the state share the financial cost to strengthen water supply, greenery and sewerage system in the urban areas.
the move follows the union urban development ministry's decision to celebrate second anniversary of the launch of amrut scheme on june 25 across the country.
before the celebrations, prime minister narendra modi is scheduled to review the status report of the all the amrut projects on april 19.
the state officials are now planning to inaugurate the completed projects at the earliest and lay foundation stones for the upcoming ones before june 25.
we have decided to complete the projects on priority basis.
our state is already performing well, and we hope to inaugurate some of the major water supply projects in june, said a housing and urban development official.
the site of a proposed amrut project at niladri vihar in bhubaneswar on thursday.
pictures by ashwinee pati according to the report of amrut projects in the city, the administration has decided to take up 16 projects during 2015-16 - three parks and 13 water supply projects to be completed by march this year.
officials said they would focus on water supply projects since the park work is already nearing completion.
we have expedited work on the three parks after finalisation of project reports and tenders.
we have selected one bidder for all the three parks to ensure uniformity and timely completion of the same.
we hope to inaugurate the parks on amrut's second anniversary, said bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides bhubaneswar, various amrut projects are also being implemented in eight other cities of the state, such as cuttack, berhampur, sambapur, balasore, bhadrak, baripada, puri and rourkela.
ironically, it is the state capital that is lagging in executing the amrut projects on time among other towns and cities in odisha.
cuttack topped the list in execution of the amrut projects on time.
we have planned 17 projects in cuttack.
the tenders for all the projects have been floated and 16 have been finalised.
cuttack is performing very well among other cities of the state since it has almost completed work on 13 projects, said another official of the housing and urban development department.
in bhubaneswar, amrut projects are being executed by three agencies.
the civic body is looking after developing open green spaces and parks while the public health engineering organisation is looking after drinking water supply projects and the odisha state water supply and sewerage board is improving the sewerage system.
the administration is taking up various projects under different schemes such as amrut, smart city and more.
all these schemes aimed to provide a better lifestyle to the people and improve the urban scenario, said damana resident jyotikant mishra.
the schemes are completing years after years, but the urban scenario is still the same.
the ground level implementation is nil, said the corporate employee.
shops, eateries, illegal parking and a makeshift shrine occupy footpaths along janpath in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, jan.
14: after conducting a massive eviction drive along raj bhavan and patia square, a special joint squad of the civic administration has now shifted focus to janpath.
the special six-member enforcement squad consisting of officials of bhubaneswar development authority (bda), bhub-aneswar municipal corporation (bmc) and police have now joined hands with bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) for the job, which they plan to begin on monday.
the plan is to clear encroachment from the footpath along the janpath, a five-kilometre stretch from sishu bhavan to vanivihar square.
the stretch falls in the bhubaneswar town centre district of the smart city project.
there are also plans to convert the stretch into smart janpath.
the squad will free the footpath along the janpath of encroachment as it will be a part of the smart janpath project under the bhubaneswar town centre district.
the special squad will start work on the stretch on monday, said a bscl official.
dedicated cycle tracks and pedestrian paths are part of the smart janpath project.
there are also plans to introduce smart traffic light system at eight junctions along this stretch.
motorists will be urged to practise lane driving.
the special squad will not only focus on removing encroachment along janpath, but will also enforce better cleanliness.
the officials will ensure that shop owners have individual waste bins near their shops or vending places to stop littering.
we are already conducting events such as patha utsav to promote walking and cycling.
it is our job to provide the pedestrians and cyclists their space in the city.
we aim to have a pollution free bhubaneswar, said jena.
the special squad constituted to remove encroachment in the city began their work on january 5 and cleared pedestrian and cycling paths along raj bhavan and patia square.
we have got a free hand now to clear the footpaths and cycle tracks.
we will do our job, said bda liaison officer subhransu mohanty.
city residents welcomed the step, but also wanted the administration to ensure that the squatters did not come back to the same place within a few months of the raze drive.
it is common to find such special squads doing their job periodically, but their efforts come to nought as the encroachers reappear after the officials have left.
the officials should ensure this doesn't happen, said saheed nagar resident karan agrawal.
besides the squad, the state government has also formed a seven-member central enforcement monitoring committee consisting of senior officials of the bda, bm, general administration department, and the cops to monitor and regulate the eviction drive.
bhubaneswar, july 18: residents of the oldest multi-storey colony in the city, comprising 2,265 houses with more than 10,000 people staying in them, went public with their grievances yesterday.
twenty-five years of neglect of the colony by the bhubaneswar development authority (bda) triggered protest in chandrasekharpur, where residents organised a public hearing citing their grievances and listed 17 demands for the development of the locality in the presence of local representatives.
the event was the first of its kind in the city where the citizens took the help of a public forum to air their demands.
more than 500 people were present at the hearing.
the colony, which was constructed during 1984-87, came up with 2,616 houses in different categories.
the bda allotted some houses to the national bank for agriculture and rural development and the state government and the remaining to common applicants.
however, according to the citizens committee, many houses were in bad shape because of low-quality construction.
interestingly, whenever people want to take any step to save the structures from crumbling, the fear of the bda demolition squad haunts them.
many house owners, who have tried to repair their buildings, have received a demolition notice from the bda.
this has become more frequent in the last two months.
if the people are doing something illegal, then why were the development authorities were silent in the past?
said ajit dash, general secretary of the committee.
the office-bearers of the committee said that after consultation with the citizens at several hearings, the common demands were listed in a memorandum addressed to the governor.
the telegraph spoke to several participants at the public meet.
the vice-president of the citizens committee alleged that the court in the bda, which examines the implementation of the odisha development authority (oda) act, 1982, never listened to the plea or answered of the applicants properly.
it should function in a democratic manner, he said.
another resident of the colony, saroj kumar patnaik, said: there is not enough parking space even for two-wheelers.
in spite of being situated in such a busy locality, the bda colony does not have either an atm counter or a post office.
mothers picking up their children near the main road face a lot of problems during the monsoon because the area has no shed for people waiting for the bus.
the authorities should immediately start constructing them, said prasanta kumar behara, another resident of the area.
mla bhubaneswar (north) bhagirathi badajena, who was present at the hearing, said: it took three-and-a-half years for the citizens body to let me know about their problems.
i will take the matter to the department concerned so that appropriate steps are taken to address them.
mayor anantanarayanjena also assured a better cleanliness drive of the area that falls in ward no.
11 of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and hoped that with the proposal for a global tender for privatisation of the sanitation system across the city, the largest colony under the bda would benefit the most.
however, for big parks, community and business centres, he asked the members to call on the bda authorities because they had the money and mechanism in place.
sudarshan das, a social worker, said: the people should not have waited for 25 years to get their rights.
one has to be vocal about his or her rights and the residents must not forget their right to life and dignity.
interestingly, not a single bda official was present at the hearing.
the 17-point charter of demands includes a common boundary wall for the blocks for the high-income group, the middle-income group and the low-income group.
the colony residents should be allowed to form societies to take up the maintenance work of their individual blocks, it added.
sandeep mishragreen glow: led bulbs light up a stretch along acharya vihar in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has decided to hire an independent transaction adviser to look after installation of energy-efficient led street lights in the city's greenfield areas.
greenfield projects are those that are yet to develop quality infrastructure and civic amenities and mainly cover areas in the city outskirts.
many of these areas are currently under the jurisdiction of various panchayats or the bhubaneswar development authority.
the advisor selected will take stock of the areas where conventional street lights will be replaced by leds.
it will submit reports to the government for execution of the projects.
the firm will be selected within two months, said a housing and urban development official.
in august, the state government launched the unnati scheme through which it plans to replace all conventional mercury lights with energy-efficient led ones in urban areas.
earlier, the initiative was confined only to the municipal corporations.
there are still many areas, mainly on the outskirts of bhubaneswar, that either have no lights or use mercury lamps.
led bulbs not only provide better lighting, but also reduce the energy consumption.
the lights have proved to be a game changer in the municipal corporations, the official said.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has installed 35,000 led street lights in the past two years and is in the process of installing another 10,000.
we have saved about 80 per cent energy after installation of the leds, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
shampur resident dibya jyoti maharana said they were still stuck with mercury lamps when the entire city was getting led street lights.
we have been residing here for many years.
the administration has constructed a road, but forgot to provide the lights, said maharana.
residents from areas maintained by the development authority also echoed maharana.
we live so close to the city, but when it comes to infrastructure we have nothing.
the administration should turn their focus here and start providing better services, said gothapatna resident sashi bhusan nayak.
sandeep mishraclean job: workers remove garbage in bhubaneswar on saturday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has prepared a rigorous guideline to improve service delivery, especially water supply and sanitation.
the department has decided to form ward-level committees - watsan (water and sanitation) - with participation from local communities that will look after the needs of citizens and inform the government for steps.
watsan will include the local councillor, respective sanitary inspector, a member each of the public health engineering organisation (pheo) and electricity department, an asha worker and a representative of a local voluntary organisation.
the municipal commissioner will form and notify the committee that will mainly work in a decentralised manner and hold meetings with the community about their needs.
the members will also hold fortnightly meetings to improve service delivery.
besides, water monitors will be employed at each of the 67 wards to look after extending connections to households and collect water cess from existing consumers.
the water monitors could be an individual or a voluntary organisation.
basic services such as water supply, solid waste and wastewater management, faecal sludge and septage management and access to toilets are our focus areas to improve quality of life in urban areas.
our ultimate target is universal coverage of water and sanitation services, the department notification states.
pheo and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will remain the two major stakeholders in implementing the guideline here.
we have got the guideline and will convene a meeting of our officials for its implementation.
i hope that it will come handy, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
pheo superintending engineer c.r. jena said they would identify dry pockets and uncovered areas for extension of water supply connections.
we will make plans to ensure optimum use of water and stop wastage by identifying unauthorised connections, he said.
bhubaneswar residents, however, asked for speedy implementation.
they only make plans, but fail when it comes to implementation.
this particular guideline sounds good and will, hopefully, yield results.
the need is to make it happen, said kharavela nagar resident pinaki maharana.
an existing water kiosk in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, may 12: two years on, civic body's ambitious water atm project has failed to see the light of the day even this summer.
the delay has pushed the project cost up.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had proposed in 2014 to install modern water dispensing units called water atms. it had also proposed to provide smart cards to people that could be swiped to draw water from these machines.
the civic body had submitted a detailed project report to the state housing and urban development department seeking financial assistance for the scheme.
in view of the sizzling summer, the corporation tried to expedite the work and approved the setting up of 40 water atms in different parts of the city in its february's council meeting.
it had earmarked rs 2 crore for the project in its 2016-17 budget.
however, a senior civic body official said that though the tender had been finalised, the bidder had increased the cost to more than rs 4.
75 crore following the delay of two years.
after the revision, the cost of the project now stands at rs 4,75,92,148.
we have communicated to the housing and urban development department for sanctioning the project at the revised cost.
however, we are yet to get a response from the department, said the official.
the summer is at its peak, but we are still waiting for the corporation to install those machines.
the authorities have set up water kiosks, but we don't know if the water is safe.
it is also not cold, said bikash nayak, a resident.
according to the project proposal, the civic body had decided to purify the water in three stages -micro-filtration through carbon particles, a layer of membrane filtration (ro) and one layer of uv purification.
citizens will get cold drinking water from the modern dispensing units.
we have already identified the places to install the units.
this is a first of its kind project in the city.
then it will be implemented in other places of the state as well, said jena.
resident kanan mohapatra said that the administration should expedite the work on installing the water atms. parts of the city were recently hit by jaundice and diarrhoea.
the administration should ensure safe drinking water to the citizens.
the water atms should be installed immediately, said mohapatra.
bhubaneswar, may 11: stone sculptures installed to beautify the city are lying shorn of their beauty with the municipal corporation showing little interest in their upkeep.
as part of its beautification drive, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had installed artworks across the city, including on the medians near jayadev vihar square, ag square, acharya vihar square and bidyut marg.
a few smaller sculptures still dot places such as kalpana square and bomikhal square.
the civic body had taken up the project in the public-private-partnership mode in 2012 and the first sculptures were installed near kalinga stadium at jayadev vihar.
the installation now lies in a dilapidated condition because of lack of maintenance.
what's worse, waste lies dumped near the artwork.
it was such a wonderful initiative of the civic body to make the city beautiful by installing such sculptures.
some of the art forms did depict a lot about the life and culture in the state.
it is sad to see this installation in ruins.
the civic body is not at all bothered about it, said nayapalli resident jayanta mahapatra, a schoolteacher.
mayor anantanarayanjena admitted that the installation was in a bad condition and promised to take measures to restore the statue as soon as possible.
the ill-maintained sculptures at ag square, near circuit house, raj bhavan square and kalinga stadium.
pictures by ashwinee pati i have issued a direction to the environment officer to look into the matter and take immediate steps to restore the installation.
he will also ensure that such a situation does not arise again, said jena.
these sculptures were also used to depict natural elements such as the sun and trees, as well as religious motifs like swastika and om.
the artwork near kalinga stadium reflects the life and art of tribal people.
sources said development projects also contributed to the sad state of the installations.
construction materials and demolition waste dumped near these installations have also added to their misery.
a senior municipal corporation official said they had issued direction to the agencies and individuals to stop dumping waste near the sculptures or face action.
many government agencies also dump waste materials near such structures.
our contractors, engaged in drain and road construction also dump waste near these artworks.
we have already come up with a plan to impose fines on such violators.
it will be implemented strictly in the interest of the beauty of the city, said the official.
shastri nagar resident girish mishra said it was highly irresponsible of the civic body to blame others for the plight of the beautiful artworks.
it is the duty of the civic body to ensure maintenance of the installations, said mishra.
if someone is dumping waste materials and damaging the property, the civic body should take action.
if the situation arises out of any natural calamity, the civic body should take responsibility and restore the artworks, he said.
youngsters on bicycles and an existing cycle track in bhubaneswar.
telegraph pictures bhubaneswar, april 14: bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) has finally drafted a plan to have in place a public bicycle-sharing programme where you can rent a bicycle to go around the city.
to fulfil its commitment towards facilitating non-motorised transport, the city administration has done its groundwork for the environment-friendly bicycle-sharing programme, which will feature 1,200 cycles with 120 cycle docking stations.
the administration has also divided the city into four major zones for the programme - educational institutions, heritage district, central business district and residential colonies.
the bhubaneswar development authority, bhuba-neswar municipal corporation and bscl will implement the project in association with the world resource institute.
the bhubaneswar urban knowledge centre will be the project's knowledge partner to make the city greener and less burdened with carbon emission.
we had a workshop regarding the project yesterday where experts from the field provided their inputs to make it successful, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to the plan, the minimum distance between two docking stations will be 500 metres.
in a one-square kilometre area, there would be eight stations and the coverage area of a zone will be 15 square kilometres.
the docking stations are to be placed in locations next to existing bus stops and all the locations have sufficient space availability.
in india, karnal, bhopal, mysore, ahmedabad and gurgaon already have the public-bicycle-sharing programme in place while others such as chandigarh, vadodara, visak-hapatnam, dwarka, delhi, panaji and raipur are in the process of introducing it.
ivan de la lanza from mexico city, an expert on the system, spoke about how cities in mexico are similar to indian ones and through political will, meticulous planning, public campaign and involvement of media the public bicycle-sharing plan could become a great success anywhere.
in the smart city proposal, the city would have 120km of complete streets, which will have dedicated tracks for bicycles.
the existing cycle tracks will also be used on priority to keep the process going during the initial phase, said the project director, bankim kalra, of bhubaneswar urban knowledge centre.
the administration also plans to use the proposed common payment card under the smart city proposal to be used along with the conventional cash-based transactions for the programme.
the person who takes the bicycle on rent need not come back to the starting point to return the vehicle, but may do it at the nearest docking station.
the administration will select a service provider for the programme, which will take care of the project cost.
the operating revenue will come from users, advertisement revenue from the rented space at the docking stations and annual cycle events by the operators.
environmentalists welcomed the unique facility, which could not only be for a better environment but also would take care of the person's fitness.
there is a need to discourage motorised transport and the administration here is rightly doing so.
i hope that the plan brings good results for the city's environment, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the civic body has intensified cleanliness activities across the city as part of stringent steps to keep it clean and green.
in a public notice, the municipal corporation has asked shopkeepers and street vendors using plastic to register with the civic body for a monthly fee of rs 4,000 or an annual charge of rs 48,000 under the new plastic waste management rules.
shopkeepers have also been asked to keep two separate waste bins to dump waste.
violations would incur a fine of rs 5,000, it has warned.
road sweeping and door-to-door garbage collection are also being done thrice a day instead of the earlier practice of once daily.
the move comes in view of the ongoing national level swachh survekshan iii survey that the state capital is taking part along with other cities.
a central team is scheduled to visit the city on february 5 to assess it on cleanliness parameters.
we always prioritise cleanliness.
the city ranked 94th among 500 competing cities in the last survey.
it is bigger this time with more than 4,000 cities taking part and we want to maintain our streak.
citizens should contribute to our efforts, said a civic official.
the state capital will go through a three-tier assessment process - service level progress for 1,400 points, independent validation and direct observation that carries 1,200 points, and citizens' feedback for another 1,400 points - during the survey.
the civic body has already started a social media campaign asking people to air their views regarding cleanliness.
it organised an orientation camp for ward members to create awareness about the survey on thursday and has decided to decentralise the process.
ward-level officials will now undertake a rigorous monitoring system of cleanliness in their respective areas.
earlier, the civic body's sweepers could only be seen in the mornings.
now, i can see them twice or thrice a day.
the bins are cleaner and on time.
i am surprised by such dedicated work, said gaja vihar resident vimal hota.
the central team will assess the city's progress on maintaining cleanliness in the past year.
we did a number of things, including increasing the number of toilets and waste bins, and intensifying road sweeping.
the activities will continue accordingly and we will fare well in the survey this time too, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
workers carry out the four-lane job from master canteen square to railway station and (above) the road adjacent to ashoka market, which will also become a four-lane, in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 30: the state government has planned to make roads leading to the railway station bigger and smarter to facilitate passengers better access from the master canteen square.
to ensure smooth and hassle-free movement of passengers, the government has decided to construct two four-lane roads at master canteen square leading up to the city railway station.
while one road will be built from the lalchand jewellery showroom side, the other four-lane stretch will be constructed from the uco bank or ashoka market side.
the bhubaneswar development authority and the public works department will execute the project.
we have already initiated the process to clear encroachments at the construction side.
unauthorised vendors doing business on the site near the existing parking area have been removed.
in the next phase, we will begin work on the uco bank side, said bda liaison officer subhranshu sekhar mohanty.
according to the design template prepared by smart city consultant ibi group, both the four-lane roads will be 60 meter wide.
sources said the public works department has also given its nod for demolition of structures coming in the way of the project.
it includes demolition of the existing parking lot.
the authorities have planned to relocate about four of existing opolfed and omfed booths in the area.
we have issued orders to the civic body to identify and provide alternative arrangements for the opolfed and omfed booths at master canteen square.
after relocation is complete, we will go ahead with the demolition process.
we hope to free the site for construction in another one month, said the official.
the multi-modal hub is a major project that will be executed in a phased manner, said jena.
once the roads are built, getting access to the railway station will become easier.
at present the 20m wide access is blocked by vendors and unregulated parking of autorickshaws and private vehicles.
a railway station, an airport or a bus stand are places where visitors gather their first impression of the city.
the railway station here is good, but needs better infrastructure.
it is a good move to revamp the railway station area, said jatni resident biral mohanty.
the bhubaneswar smart city limited has decided to spend rs 250 crore on the transit-oriented development of the railway station area.
it will include projects such as building a bus terminal and underground parking.
bhubaneswar, jan.
31: the stretch between ag square and raj bhavan square has been stolen of its charm.
till around two years ago, ornamental street lights used to dot the busy road, but thieves have looted the stretch of its beauty.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation thought it fit to remove all the light posts fearing that the thieves might steal the costly poles after having stolen bulbs.
an official of the corporation said that as the lights had been stolen, the posts were anyway not serving any purpose.
even some poles made of cast iron went missing.
we suspect that the goons, who had taken away the bulbs earlier, may have stolen the poles as well.
so, we dismantled the poles and brought them back on our premises, said executive engineer of division i of the civic body r.n. mallick.
the goons have targeted the light posts, along the footpaths on both sides of the road.
the posts were around 12-foot tall.
in may 2012, police arrested three criminals hailing from bengal for their involvement in the theft of the ornamental lights.
the goons were living but living at mali sahi of the city.
they had sold the bulbs in bengal.
however, despite the arrest, theft of the costly bulbs has not stopped.
the stretch used to house 58 roadside light posts.
this stretch is important due to the presence of a number of government offices, including the secretariat nearby.
designed pedestrian pathways, date palm trees planted on the median and ornamental lights were a visual delight for the city residents.
so, the decision of the civic body to remove the lights is a regressive step though the same agency often emphasises on beautification.
besides, commuters are also finding it difficult in late night hours due to less visibility, said unit-iv resident arabinda sahu.
sources said every pole would cost around rs 20,000.
each post carried two ornamental light-metal halide lights each costing rs 15,000.
the light posts had been installed in the public private partnership mode.
once stolen, the lights could be replaced only with a new pole.
we have removed these poles according to the decision of the corporation, and when necessary, the poles would be used again, said assistant electrical engineer of the municipal corporation ajit kumar behera.
however, another civic body official said there had been no decision so far about replacements of the lights.
but he said that whenever new light posts were installed they would be higher than the present ones to prevent thefts.
the work will be done again in the public private partnership mode.
we will see what we can do for this stretch.
but this time, we will ensure that the height of the poles is more, he said.
he, however, said there would be another project in which more light posts would be installed on the stretch between ag square and bjd party office near forest park.
bhubaneswar, april 28: health care facilities in the city are gearing up to tackle cases of sunstroke and dehydration with the maximum day temperature having crossed the 40c mark recently.
capital hospital, the biggest government health hub here, has set up a special one-room air-conditioned ward that can accommodate 10 patients.
the hospital administration has also stocked up on ors, glucose and other relevant medication.
we have opened the ward near the disaster preparedness unit.
cool water will also be available to patients this time.
patients can be treated at the casualty and shifted to the ward if necessary, said superintendent manoranjan dash.
the corporation-managed municipal hospital has also set up a special ward for patients of heat-related ailments.
its air-conditioned cabin can accommodate five patients.
we have opened a dedicated cabin to treat people affected by heat-related ailments.
we have put up notices to create awareness about the measures they can take to stay safe in these conditions and stocked relevant medicines, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
though the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) has not opened a special ward, its administrators claimed the hospital was equipped to treat such patients.
an aiims administrator told the telegraph that of the hospital's 500 beds, around 300 usually remain occupied at a given time.
around 200 beds are usually available and this number was more than enough to accommodate patients affected by the heat.
we have enough beds to accommodate patients suffering from dehydration and we have enough doctors.
a patient may first come to the casualty ward and if it is found that he or she has sunstroke, the person will be admitted to the designated ward, said the administrator.
he advised people to stay indoors as much as possible and drink lots of water.
private hospitals are also taking steps to deal with sunstroke or dehydration patients.
call an ambulance if you think you or someone else has heat stroke.
seek urgent medical attention if heat exhaustion symptoms don't improve within 30 minutes of applying first aid.
children and elderly are more prone to heat stroke.
they should be given special attention, said sobhan rath, a private medical practitioner.
our correspondentuseless: suggestion/grievance box at power house square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation had in december planned to strengthen its grievance redress system by organising fortnightly meetings among communities, receive complaints on the spot and simultaneously take steps to resolve those.
to execute the plan, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had divided the city into 12 zones for holding interactive meetings.
the days when the meetings were held were termed jan sampark diwas.
however, the plan tripped after a month as people showed little interest in airing their grievances in public.
this is a city not a village where you will have time to attend such so called 'palli sabhas'.
civic issues are many, so are the grievances.
there should be effort to strengthen the online services and other such mechanism than organising such meetings, said patia resident jaynarayan mishra.
the first such meeting was held on december 16 when the civic body's camp received a mere 15 complaints while the next schedule camp was cancelled since it fell on the new year's day on january 1.
sources said the civic body didn't continue with the camp on the next fortnight since there was no response.
the objective of the camps was to receive complaints from those people who can't use the online platforms or reach out to our headquarters for various reasons.
however, the response was not so good in the very first camp since we have decided to drop the plan, said an official of the municipal corporation.
at present, the civic body has a smartphone application and another special website beside a desk at its headquarters on every monday to receive grievances from the citizens related to various civic issues.
we had planned to reach out to the root of the problems since the camps were decided to be put in place, said the official.
we already have both online and offline mechanism to receive grievances.
our officials are handling the issues very efficiently.
we are in the process of making the mechanism stronger in the near future, said jena.
gaja vihar resident and schoolteacher debadatta mohanty said the civic body should have all options ranging from getting complaints online to offline to strengthen the grievance redress system.
bhubaneswar, sept.
9: bhubaneswar municipal corporation has decided to increase the penal charge for keeping stray cattle in its kine house in an effort to contain the cattle menace in the city.
the new fine amount would be rs 500 for the first 24 hours instead of the current rs 100.
the cattle owner has to pay rs 100 a day if the animal stays at the kine house for more than a day.
at present, cattle owners pay a fine of rs 50 a day after 24 hours.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) commissioner has already written to the secretary-cum-commissioner of the housing and urban development department in this regard and the civic body will enhance the fine after it gets a nod from the department.
the city is witnessing cattle menace on many roads.
cattle are blocking roads, traffic junctions and even flyovers.
at night, the congregations of cattle on dark roads cause accidents.
at present, the corporation has only one kine house at kharavela nagar in unit-iii and it can accommodate only 35 animals at a time.
on the other hand, there is only the provision of water and food such as straw at that facility.
we are not the only municipal corporation to collect rs 500 for each animal at the kine house.
surat municipal corporation collected a revenue of rs 35 lakh in fines in 2011-12 through its kine houses.
it collects rs 1,500 from each cow-owner as fine after keeping the cattle in the kine house for 24 hours, so that they are more responsible, said bmc commissioner sanjib kumar mishra.
on the other hand, the bmc not only has a small kine house for the entire city, but also just a seven-member team for its cattle-catching drives.
the team is not able to cover all areas because there is only one vehicle to capture the animals.
sources said in november 2011, the previous municipal commissioner had also written to the housing and urban development department to hike the fine amount.
cattle-owners in the city willingly let their cows roam.
they milk them in the evening and let them loose on the roads again.
such violators should be punished by collection of a hefty fine, said urban development practitioner piyush ranjan rout.
a non-resident odia, who stays in the uk, is constructing a modern kine house with the facility to keep bulls.
at present, there is no place to house bulls at our kharavela nagar facility, said bmc mayor ananta narayan jena.
the bmc is planning to construct a two-acre modern kine house on the city outskirts where the cattle would be kept in one-acre land.
in the remaining land, fodder would be produced for the animals.
we have already applied to the general administration department for the land and we are likely to get it somewhere near the chandaka limits, jena said.
bhubaneswar, may 27: the municipal corporation is going to float a fresh tender for setting up a super specialty hospital here as its private partner, kpc medical college and hospital, failed to meet the eligibility requirements for the job.
an agreement was signed between the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the calcutta-based kpc medical college and hospital in september last year for execution of the project and also establish a health care network to upgrade the five existing dispensaries coming under the jurisdiction of the civic body.
the agreement had also proposed to upgrade the existing municipal hospital at old town and the unit-iv hospital.
however, the kpc medical college and hospital failed to produce performance security and some other eligibility documents.
consequently, the state government decided to terminate the agreement and asked the civic body to invite fresh bids for the project.
the private partner had to submit the final documents within 180 days of the signing of the contract.
it failed to do that and that is why we decided to terminate the contract, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
sources said the fresh tender would be floated within a month.
we will re-bid the project after making certain modifications to ensure improved response from the private sector.
the earlier bidders had suggested some modifications in the project that we will take into consideration in the new bid, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the corporation, along with the health and family welfare department, had initiated the process of executing the project in 2013.
it had then earmarked five acres at gadakana to build the 400-bed super specialty hospital.
the civic body had also planned to upgrade its dispensaries at rasulgarh kapilprasad, bramehswar patna, gadakana and bharatpur to urban primary health centres under the national urban health mission.
due to the delay in execution of the project, the cost was escalated to rs 255 crore from the earlier sanctioned rs 200 crore.
now, the government has earmarked rs 255 crore for the project.
this will be used to build the hospital at gadakana and set up the health care network for primary health centres, said another housing and urban development department official.
unit-vi resident jyoti acharya said such a hospital had become necessary for local people.
the capital hospital is overburdened with patients.
the municipal hospital serves no purpose because it is already suffering from staff shortage and inadequate infrastructure.
poor patients cannot afford treatment at the existing corporate hospital, said acharya.
a housing for slum-dwellers at bjb nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 25: the execution of various smart city projects along janpath is going to be a difficult task for the municipal corporation with the slum dwellers living on this stretch gearing up to start an agitation against their displacement.
the administration has planned to convert janpath into the bhubaneswar town centre district under the smart city mission, which will see projects such as an artificial lake, an institutional core, railway station multi-modal hub, smart street and four smart housing projects being executed.
these projects can only be executed after the 50,000 odd slum dwellers living in the 25 or so slums on this stretch are removed.
the administration plans to rehabilitate them in four proposed housing projects on the same stretch.
however, the slum-dwellers don't want to move out and have rejected the rehabilitation plan.
an association working for the welfare of the city's slum-dwellers has started holding meetings in various slums asking them not to co-operate with the projects officials if their demands were not fulfilled.
earlier, they had agreed to get rehabilitated in the new houses, but they are now demanding land.
president of basti surkhsya manch pratap sahu said the civic body had betrayed them.
first, the beneficiary list prepared by the civic body is faulty.
then, they are going to rehabilitate us in the new houses and they will ask money from us for that.
these are poor people, earning less than what the administration thinks they do.
how can they pay lakhs for the houses?
said sahu.
he said the betrayal would not go unanswered.
there are other vacant stretches in the city where these projects could have come up.
but they chose janpath, which is the location of some of the major slums in the city.
the value of land here is very high.
we are not going to support the administration in their arbitrary move.
we will demand land if not they cannot take up the projects here, he said.
on the other hand, the municipal corporation has finished surveying the beneficiaries and the areas they are currently occupying.
according to the civic body's report, there are 25 slums on the stretch and 20,000 eligible beneficiaries.
the administration plans to rehabilitate the population in four housing projects at kharavela nagar, shanti nagar, bapuji nagar and saheed nagar.
we have finished the survey and also initiated the process of executing the first housing project at shanti nagar.
we are hearing about the protest plans and are trying to make them understand that these projects will benefit them.
they will get houses by paying rs 10 lakh to rs 15 lakh for which we are also helping them get loans with ease, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the existing abattoir in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 9: a letter from people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) india has exposed the lax attitude of the municipal corporation to comply with a supreme court ruling that advocates ending the practice of animal slaughter in the open and developing abattoirs.
on february 17, the apex court had ordered all states and union territories to comply with its ruling that reiterated stopping the slaughter of animals in the open and shutting down such facilities.
in view of the order, peta urged respective administrations to close down slaughterhouses without appropriate licenses.
they also wanted the administration to take action against slaughterhouses that used unlawful and cruel practices to butcher animals.
however, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has failed to adhere to the ruling and stop the slaughter of animals in the open since two of its most ambitious projects are stuck in red tape and bureaucratic quandary.
the civic body had made grand plans to set up a modern abattoir at gadakana and two wet markets at unit-iv and ghatikia.
all these projects are hanging fire at present.
the telegraph had on january 5, 2017, published a report on the city administration's failure to develop infrastructure worth rs 292.
78 crore under odisha urban infrastructure development fund for the state capital.
among other development project, the plan e includes building the slaughterhouse and wet markets.
in 2011, the municipal corporation planned to build the gadakana facility to scientifically slaughter 100 animals every day.
however, opposition from local residents and problems in vacating the sites have thrown a spanner in the works.
residents complained that the rs 6.
4 crore project would make living in the area unhygienic and unhealthy.
the abattoir might pollute the area and spread foul smell.
we would allow the project if the civic body assured a hygienic and pollution-free environment, said local resident manoj swain.
in 2016, the corporation had decided to construct two wet markets, one at unit-iv and the other at ghatikia, to organise the city's meat vendors.
chief minister naveen patnaik himself had laid the foundation stones for the project in march last year.
however, the project is yet to take off.
we have taken steps to complete the modern slaughterhouse at gadakana.
we had already spoken to the local residents and have also hired a thiruvananthapuram-based firm to help us execute the project.
the report is ready and we will shortly begin the work, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
on the wet markets, jena said at unit-iv land had to be freed from existing meat sellers.
we had already undertaken an eviction drive and freed the land for the project.
we have done the same at ghatikia.
we are hopeful of beginning the work in a month or two, jena said.
unit-iv meat vendor sk mohammed said the authorities planned to evict them and construct the modern market, where they would be provided space for business.
we are ready for eviction, but how would we conduct business till the completion of the project.
how will we sustain ourselves?
the authorities should give us an alternative space for business before starting the project, he said.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: residents of old town, jagamara and rental colony will get led bulbs installed along various roads that have remained in dark for long with the civic body putting the facilities in place.
the stretches, along which the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has started installing street lights, are tankapani road at old town, jagamara road and the rental colony road at nayapalli.
local people had earlier complained of criminal activities in these areas.
we had demanded street lights several times, but the civic body did not respond.
finally, our plea got heard, and the installation started.
the dark roads were helping criminals a free run.
hopefully, it will stop after the roads light up, said rental colony resident gourang seth.
the telegraph had reported on several occasions about these dark roads and problems being faced by those commuting on these stretches.
we have to prioritise the stretches keeping in view the problems of the people.
we have marked the pole position and the lights will be installed within a fortnight, said a civic body official.
the civic body has decided to replace all the conventional mercury street lights with energy efficient leds across the city.
in the first phase, the lights had been replaced at major stretches.
but now, the civic body is making efforts to replicate it in the inner lanes of various localities.
the fresh project of installing the led bulbs is being taken up under the state government's unnati scheme that had been launched in september.
we have installed about 15,000 led bulbs in the first phase and are in the process to double the number by installing the lights in the inner lanes, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said the officials were undertaking surveys to find out the dark roads as well as the stretches, where the mercury bulbs were installed.
we are taking up fortnightly basis review of the project status.
so far, five sets of survey are completed and lights have been installed, said the mayor.
old town resident trinath purohit said: tankapani road is one of the important roads of old town used by a number of people to reach out to various destinations.
it was neglected by the civic body for long time.
sandeep mishrahazard zone: cable-laying work going on on lewis road in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: underground cable laying work has moved on from the busy streets to the interior areas of kharavela nagar at unit iii, but lack of safety measures in executing the project continue to trouble commuters here.
they are forced to commute on the dug-up stretches with great risk and inconvenience.
to ensure uninterrupted electricity supply and a clean skyline, the odisha power transmission corporation limited and the central electricity supply utility (cesu) have joined hands to lay high-tension cables underground.
however, the executing authorities have dug up several lanes in kharavela nagar but they have not been fenced off.
this has exposed residents of this densely populated residential area to the danger of falling into the dug up road and suffer injuries.
on saturday night, a cyclist fell into one such pit, but was lucky to escape with minor scars.
i was taking the usual route when the headlight of an approaching vehicle distracted me.
i tried to ride past the vehicle but fell into the pit.
i did not know that such a huge pit existed there.
there was nothing that would have alerted me about the dug up stretch, said sanatan behera, the cyclist.
the fear of damage to limbs of commuters, pedestrians, especially children, loom since the pits are almost five to six feet deep.
we are not opposing the work, but they should install security measures and complete work on a war footing, said nitesh patra, a shopkeeper at kharavela nagar.
the authorities, however, claimed that they had opted for adequate security measures at sites since located in densely populated residential areas.
we have put up proper bamboo fencing at these sites to alert commuters and have workers to remove mud from the road regularly, said an official present at the site.
initially, the work was executed on major stretches, including bidyut marg, cuttack-puri road, sachivalaya marg and parts of unit i and unit ii.
ever since the underground cable laying work began, there has been a series of major and minor accidents.
in a recent one, a school bus careened dangerously after a portion of the road at power house square caved in.
lack of due diligence in undertaking the underground cable laying work had led to the accident.
a lorry fell into a pit at bhimtangi in july last year.
sources said the authorities were in a hurry to complete the work before the november deadline and that had led to comprising with necessary safety parameters.
we have been asked to support the officials for the underground cable laying work.
we will ensure that the work is done properly and such accidents don't recur, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrahassle-free: workers install the pelican system at a traffic signal and (above) pedestrians cross the road in front of the regional passport office in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: after equipping several city junctions with automatic traffic signal systems, the smart city project has turned its focus on installing pelican system at several places here to help pedestrians cross roads with ease.
once pelican signals are installed, pedestrians will be able to stop traffic flow at the press of a button.
once a button is pressed, the signal changes to red for vehicles and green for pedestrians to cross the road without any hassle.
bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl), the special purpose vehicle executing the project, had started installing the new traffic signals in june last year.
the bscl had decided to install 14 pelican signals on selected busy roads.
presently, three such pelican systems are undergoing a trial run, while others are being installed.
we have chosen the roads based on the demand of pedestrians.
the system has already been commissioned for trial run near regional passport office, rama devi women's university and near reserve bank of india on the sachivalaya marg.
the process to install similar facilities has been fast-tracked at other places and will become functional in the next two months, said a bscl official.
the places where the pelican system will be installed are near bjb college, near ice factory road, near vits, near ashok nagar bus stop, south of master canteen, north of master canteen, near rbi, near rdw university, near keshari bus stop, near press club road, near east coast railway office, near kiit school, near satabdi bus stop and near the regional passport office.
however, people and officials are worried that the new system can be misused as movement of vehicles can be stopped just by the press of a button.
there has to be a proper mechanism to control the system.
chances are high that the pelican system will be misutilised by many people, said patia resident suryakanta jena.
moreover, the authorities haven't yet marked where the vehicles should stop and which way the pedestrians should move to cross the road.
we have just started installing the new system.
vehicle stop marks will be painted on the roads.
we will also paint zebra lines for pedestrians, said the official.
we are the first in the state to introduce the pelican system.
it is a modern system, which will prove beneficial for the pedestrians.
we hope people will benefit immensely and avoid using the system unnecessarily, said jena.
an led-illuminated stretch between forest park chhak and capital hospital chhak in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, may 13: the municipal corporation has decided to install 15,000 more energy-efficient led bulbs across the city, particularly in the non-illuminated stretches.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will execute the project in public-private partnership mode.
the private company, with whom the civic body has entered into an agreement, will replace the old sodium bulbs with led bulbs on stretches at sailashree vihar, kanan vihar and some other surrounding areas.
according to the deal, the private company procures and installs the led bulbs and also remains responsible for their repair, replacement and maintenance.
this will be the second phase of installation of energy-efficient led bulbs in the city and will be completed in four months.
the first phase was launched in august 2014.
we covered the main stretches of the city with led street-lighting system in the first phase and saved energy up to 80 per cent.
in the next phase, we will install 15,000 more leds in various wards.
we have already asked our private partner to begin the process, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said that saving energy was the top priority of the civic body, especially because bhubaneswar has been shortlisted to be developed into one of the smart cities of the country.
we want to bring in smart solutions in every sectors.
the energy-efficient street lighting system is one of the components.
in the later phases, all the streets of the city will be lit up with led lights, said the mayor.
between august 2014, and september 2015, the municipal corporation had completed installation of 20,000 leds on stretches at janpath, gandhi marg, rajmahal, sishu bhawan square, acharya vihar and chandrasekharpur.
the civic body and the private partner jointly operate a central control room at bhawani mall in saheed nagar where the operators switch on and off the lights according to the requirements of the day.
the corporation also has a toll-free number where citizens can make a call and complain about defunct street lights.
sandeep mishraan affordable housing project at mahisikhal in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body's housing projects for the urban poor are facing hurdles because of encroachments and legal tangle.
the projects started in 2012 aim to provide the beneficiaries with pucca houses, and thereby making the city free of slums.
bhubaneswar municipal corporation is now executing two such projects at mahisikhal and patharbandh under an already closed rajiv awas yojana of the centre.
the projects are nowhere near completion.
the yojana was closed in 2016, but the centre had already released the fund after its approval in 2013.
the project has a fund sharing pattern of 50 per cent from the centre, 30 per cent from the state government and 20 per cent from the beneficiaries.
according to the project status, the executor - national building construction corporation limited, a public sector undertaking of the central government - has completed the exterior work of all 19 blocks of the complex at mahisikhal.
but, it is yet to complete construction of about 360 dwelling units at blocks 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19.
besides, work is yet to be taken up at blocks 5, 6, 7, 8 and 11.
officials said encroachment and a stay order by orissa high court had led to the delay in project execution.
some of the ineligible beneficiaries moved the court and sought stay order, citing corruption in the project and beneficiary identification, said a civic body official.
pranati maharana, a resident of mahisikhal, said the civic body had prepared the beneficiary list based on census 2011 data.
but, it had errors, and the project started two years after the census had been done.
we have been living at this particular place since past one decade and the census data didn't include us being a slum dweller here.
it is not fair, said maharana.
sources said the matter was sub-judice with the blocks 5, 6, 7, 8 and 11, and the civic authorities trying to get things clear with the court.
we will take help of the urban development authority's legal cell in the matter.
we target to get it done by december, he said.
on the other hand, when it comes to the housing complex at patharbandh, all works have been completed from the first to the sixth block.
but, no progress was found at the seventh to thirty seventh block.
here again, opposition by the beneficiaries and other encroachments led to the delay.
we recently held a meeting with the housing and urban development department to find out the project bottlenecks.
the executor furnished the detail status of the projects and the problems they were facing in getting the work done.
all steps will be taken to solve the issues, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the complex at mahisikhal is a five-storey structure, while the one at patharbandh is a seven-storey building.
once completed, the complex at patharbandh will accommodate about 740 families, while the one at mahisikharl will accommodate about 600 families.
sandeep mishraaerial view of bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: repeated appeals and warnings to holding tax defaulters have failed to pay dividends for the civic body as it failed to boost its tax revenue.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had taken several steps, including slapping notices on major defaulters and making the list public on its official website, to boost its income.
though it managed to increase its monthly collection from rs 1.
45 crore in january to rs 6 crore in february, the total collection remained at rs 21.
6 crore compared to rs 35.
7 crore till february last year.
the civic body's performance also drew the housing and urban development department's ire that issued a warning to the civic body.
in its letter, the department said the revenue collection was below the annual target.
i hope you might be reviewing the collection drive on a regular basis.
it is now necessary to review it on a daily basis.
you are, therefore, requested to take necessary steps and augment your efforts to realise annual revenue targets to meet the expectation of the government, department secretary g. mathivathanan wrote on february 27.
this was the third such warning from the government in recent months.
in january, the civic body issued notices to 284 major holding tax defaulters and set a target to collect rs 9 crore from them before the end of march.
similarly, it made a list of 205 petty defaulters public in february and hoped to collect rs 3 crore from them.
the civic body had set an ambitious target to collect rs 44 crore from holding tax in its annual budget.
sources said the effect of demonetisation had boosted last year's collection.
people came in large numbers and paid their current as well as arrears with the scrapped notes.
as a result, last year's collection crossed the rs 100 crore-mark for the first time, said a civic official.
our efforts are yielding results.
the collection in february was quite good and we hope that the march collection will be better.
we are confident of reaching our target, he said.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has started the identifying process to introduce toy train facilities at popular parks in the city.
the department has asked the city administration to start surveying the parks and submit detailed proposals for the facilities.
we have asked the administration to comply with our direction, said a department official.
the move comes in the backdrop of a letter from the union ministry of railways where it had expressed a desire to gift toy trains to odisha to introduce the facilities at popular parks.
the letter was addressed to the chief minister.
in the past, indian railways has presented toy trains to various states and union territories for installation and operation in public parks.
we are contemplating gifting toy trains to interested states and union territories, reads the letter from the railways minister piyush goyal.
at present, there are 65 major and minor parks maintained by the bhubaneswar development authority, while another 28 parks are maintained by the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
besides, bda-nicco park, nadankanan and chandaka dampara sancturary also attract high footfall.
we will consider parks where footfall is high.
we need to ensure that more people can use the facilities.
we will shortly convene a meeting and start identifying the parks and submit the list to the government, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
no city park has the toy train facility at present.
sources said nadankanan and chandaka dampara sanctuary had the biggest chance of getting toy trains.
the centre's letter clearly mentioned that we had to nominate major parks and nadankanan and chandaka dampara sanctuary are clearly ahead in the race, said a civic official.
suchismita mishra, a visitor to nadankanan, said it was a good move to consider upgrading the facilities at major parks.
i have seen toy trains at parks in other indian cities.
in bhubaneswar, however, it is missing and has to be there, said mishra, a resident of bargarh district.
the auto-rickshaw stand at master canteen square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 16: the state government has decided to promote pollution free e-rickshaws in the city.
this comes after the government's decision to limit the movements of auto-rickshaws and town buses in the city.
the decision of promoting e-rickshaws with tax-waiver facility was taken at a meeting chaired by chief secretary aditya prasad padhi with other senior officials of the state government earlier this month.
padhi directed the officials of the commerce and transport department, housing and urban development department and bhubaneswar-puri transport services limited (bptsl) to undertake a feasibility survey to roll out the e-rickshaws in the city.
we have been asked to identify the routes where the e-rickshaws can operate in the city.
we will also undertake a survey on the demand of the new transport system.
we will submit the survey report to the government for final approval in a month, said a transport department official.
in january, the administration decided to put the brakes on auto-rickshaws and town buses to promote and increase the demand of city bus service among citizens.
according to the decision, the town buses starting or terminating in the state capital will not be allowed to have multiple stoppages like the city buses.
similarly, the administration has decided to put a cap on the number of auto-rickshaws they ply the city streets.
they have decided to allow the auto-rickshaws to operate only on the feeder routes.
the feeder routes have household links with lanes where buses or bigger vehicles cannot enter.
the decision of restricting the movements of the auto-rickshaws and town buses might invite resistance from the operators.
we need to provide them with alternative livelihood options for which the e-rickshaws with tax-waiver system have been introduced.
we hope to maintain the sustainable development in the city, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena, who is also the chairperson of bptsl, the company that runs the city bus service here, said they had plans to revamp the transit system in the city with more city buses, technology-friendly services with common payment card, gps tracking system and improved terminals and bus stops.
e-rickshaws will help in keeping bhubaneswar pollution-free, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
subhashish mohantyin bad books: civic workers remove a hoarding promoting the cyclothon in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picturebhubaneswar: the civic body on saturday slapped a rs 1-crore fine on saksham cyclothon organiser petroleum conservation research association, which functions under the union ministry of petroleum and natural gas, for putting up banners in the no-hoarding zones without taking permission.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation lodged an fir at capital police station against the people, who had created problem when the eviction squads were removing the hoardings.
union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan is scheduled to flag off the cyclothon on sunday morning.
while a drive is on to make the city beautiful, such illegal activities cannot be tolerated.
deputy commissioner srimanta mishra said: they have not deposited advertisement fees to put up the hoardings.
according to the bmc advertisement rules, 2006, an organiser should pay rs 5,000 for each hoarding.
as they have put up 2,000 hoardings, we have levied a rs 1 crore fine.
sources said the corporation was planning to blacklist the agency, which had put up the hoardings on the association's instruction without taking the required approval.
an indian oil official, on the other hand, said: we are yet to get the notice.
once we receive it, we will react.
a civic official said: earlier, we had removed the hoardings carrying blow-ups of chief minister naveen patnaik from the no-hoarding zone area.
whoever flouts the norms will be punished.
the naveen government is perhaps the only one in india which has removed its own chief minister's hoardings.
no one could have thought of it.
only 12 hours ahead of the event, the organiser bore brunt of public ire as there was a mess during the distribution of free kits carrying t-shirts, helmets, wristbands and backpacks to the participants.
we have come with a hope to get the t-shirts and other kits.
but, we did not find the organisers.
before we reached the venues, all the t-shirts and other kits had vanished.
perhaps, it was meant only for the influential people, said a participant.
later, a mob ransacked the registration counter at kalinga stadium.
security guards were mobilised to maintain law and order.
the event will be held in three categories 33km elite race (men category), 22km elite race (women category) and 11km rally green ride (general category).
there will be free entries for all the categories.
the event's route is kalinga stadium-ram mandir-sishu bhavan chhak-kalinga stadium.
the bjd smells politics in it.
the union petroleum minister failed to contain the rising price of petroleum products.
now, it is encouraging cycling to divert the issue, said bjd general secretary bijay nayak.
our correspondenthomeless people lying in bhubaneswar railway station.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will hire a surveyor to find out the number of urban homeless in the city so that it could construct night shelters for them.
the move comes after the supreme court slammed the states for not spending the money meant for the urban homeless.
the apex court has stated that the money is not spent by the states and the sufferers are the homeless people.
followed by the apex court ruling, the union ministry of housing and urban affairs has asked the state government to conduct a survey for obtaining the number of urban homeless in the state in general and in major cities in particular.
moreover, the survey has to be done by a third party since the committee constituted by the supreme court found that the reports given by the state were not authentic as different figures have been given at different stages by the state government.
we have received the direction from the ministry and has initiated a process to hire a third party to conduct the survey.
it will be done on priority basis in bhubaneswar, said an official of housing and urban development department.
at present, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has seven shelter homes for the homeless in different parts of the city with an accommodation capacity of 28 in each.
but the number is not enough.
as a result, homeless people could be seen taking shelter in places such as the railway stations, bus stands and other public areas in the city.
a study done by a city-based voluntary organisation in september this year found that there were more than 6,000 homeless people in bhubaneswar.
we are constructing night shelters for the urban homeless based on the reports available with us.
however, we will conduct a fresh survey with the help of a third party and will make plans to construct more such night shelters to provide accommodation to the homeless, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishralight up: street lights near the omfed office in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has slammed the municipal corporation and its executing partner for slowing down the project for installation of energy efficient leds on the dark stretches here.
reviewing the work, the department has found the civic body's executing partner has surveyed 1,010 points of installation against the february target of 2,787.
also, no progress has been made in marking pole positions and installing lights.
the state government has decided to replace all the conventional street lights with energy-efficient led lightsunder the recently-launched unnati scheme.
a private executing agency has been asked to implement it in a phased manner.
according to the agreement, the executing agency will have to make a survey of different roads and localities and fit the new lights according to road condition and specific requirements of various areas.
sources said not all the roads or localities needed similar installations for the street lights.
#the progress of the work is found to be very slow during the review meeting.
we have directed the nodal officers concerned to expedite the survey and approach the municipal commissioner in case of any hurdle.
the civic officials have also been asked to provide all possible support to the agency in the work, said an official of the department.
reports said since the unnati scheme's launch in september last year, survey has been completed for 4,359 points of installation, while 901 poles have been marked so far.
we have issued orders to our engineers and other support staff of the electrical wing to help the agency startthe street-light job on time.
our officials will help conduct the survey of various dark patches of the city.
we hope to light up all dark patches by the end of this year, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
old town resident mitrabhanu sahoo said: the civic body has forgotten to install leds in places such as tankapani road.
sandeep mishramissing on screen: a public toilet in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the central government's google toilet locator app does not work in the city because the civic body has failed to geo-tag the facilities here.
google toilet locator is a smartphone application developed by the union ministry of housing and urban affairs that enable people to find a nearby public or community toilet.
the centre had selected the city to introducing the service in may last year, following which a quality council of india team came to bhubaneswar in november to train the civic body officials on how to geo tag the toilets.
but so far, the authorities have geo tagged only 10 toilet facilities in various parts of bhubaneswar.
only those are showing up on the application while the others are not.
sources said the toilets where the civic body had installed the feedback devices are only showing in the app.
we had geo-tagged 10 facilities even before the app was introduced.
we have put those in the app, said a civic body official.
the civic authorities have increased the number of toilets in the past one year.
at present, there are as many as 120 functional toilet complexes in the city apart from the ones run by sulabh international.
an official said in order to geo tag the facilities, the civic authorities needed to provide a unique id to each toilet complex and link the same with a control room at the headquarters.
the centre is organising further training for the officials and asked us to take part in it.
we will send our officials for it.
they will geo tag all the toilets for the benefit of the public, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said that most of the toilets were new and being constructed under the hybrid toilet and project samman schemes.
we have doubled the number of toilets and are in the process to build more.
all those will be compiled and geo-tagged in the app, said the mayor.
sandeep mishrapollution control: (from left) mayor anantanarayanjena , mlas priyadarshee mishra and bijay kumar mohanty, and tourism minister ashok panda at the workshop in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body on wednesday organised a daylong workshop on implementation of various waste management rules in association with the central pollution control board and the national productivity council.
experts discussed on management rules of solid, bio-medical, electronic, hazardous, plastic and construction waste.
mayor anantanarayanjena stressed on better citizen involvement for segregation of waste at source.
officials from cuttack municipal corporation, berhampur municipal corporation and six other urban local bodies also took part.
we are set to introduce recycling model for e-waste and are planning to initiate the waste-to-energy plant at bhuasuni, said bhubaneswar municipal corporation additional commissioner subham saxena.
member secretary of odisha state pollution control board debidutta biswal said that segregation of waste at source could reduce the cost of solid waste management to almost 50 per cent.
this should be practised by all types of waste generators in the city, he said.
professor sadhan kumar ghosh of jadavpur university in bengal, who was also invited to the workshop, spoke about awareness on use of three types of bins - white ones for dry or paper waste, green for vegetable waste and black for hazardous waste - at household level.
bhubaneswar, jan.
17: preparations have begun here for the annual magh saptami mela, also known as the khandagiri mela.
the municipal corporation today conducted a preparatory meeting for the festival that is scheduled to take off from february 3 on the foothills of khandagiri.
the fair, which starts on the seventh day of the month of magh, attracts thousands of visitors from the city, its outskirts and neighbouring districts.
the gathering has been taking place near the twin hills of khandagiri and udayagiri for many years.
at the meeting, the civic administration discussed measures to be undertaken to make the event a smooth affair.
sources said the officials laid emphasis on security and cleanliness.
the fair will be used as a platform to create awareness among people about cleanliness.
a number of makeshift toilets will be set up on the fair ground and the walls of the structures will be painted with messages on hygiene and sanitation.
opera houses will also be asked to provide toilets for their audience.
the layout designs for the toilets will be given by a bhubaneswar municipal corporation engineer.
an information cell will also be set up at the fair entrance will also serve as the grievance redress counter.
also, the fair venue will be under surveillance of closed-circuit tv cameras.
a map will have a detailed exit mechanism to handle emergencies.
we have taken expert opinion and the decision to ban non-standard lpg cylinders at the fair venue.
our civic officials will be on the lookout and vendors using sub-standard cylinders will not be allowed into the fair, said bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraa waste-strewn bus stand in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has not won a single award in the swachh survekshan 2018, the results of which were announced by the union ministry of housing and urban affairs in new delhi on wednesday.
the ministry has given away 52 awards to 52 cities and towns, but odisha does not feature in any of them.
besides bhubaneswar, eight others cities and towns had taken part in the survey this time.
with the no awards, the actual rank of the city or the state at large, which is yet to be known, could slide considerably, say experts.
bhubaneswar continues to under perform in the swachh city dashboard of the centre that gives daily ranks to cities based on citizen feedback.
citizen participation is a major component in the survey, and it seems that the civic body failed to get positive feedback, which is showing in the result now.
bhubaneswar performed badly in the swachh city dashboard, said a sanitation expert working with the housing and urban development department.
bhubaneswar was ranked 24th among the 73 participating cities in the swachh survekshan 2016 and 93th in the swachh survekshan 2017 when nearly 500 cities took part in the national-level survey.
the city also bagged the east zone mover award in first edition of the survey and adjudged the cleanest in the eastern corridor of the country.
this time, bundu of jharkhand bagged the east zone mover award, while greater mumbai took away the clean capital city award at the national level.
indore, bhopal and chandigarh were placed first, second and third cleanest cities, respectively.
a reality check carried out by the telegraph on thursday revealed piles of garbage lying at important places such as the city airport, railway station and bus stand.
we are doing our best to maintain cleanliness.
though the rank is not published yet and we didn't get any award, we are still hoping of a good rank in the survey, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
roadside vendors at unit-ii market in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, feb.
28: the tussle between roadside vendors and permanent shop owners at unit-ii market, the citys oldest and one of the most important markets, continues with the municipal corporation failing to remove the unauthorised vendors.
on september 11 last year, the civic body had launched the drive to remove illegal vendors from the market building area.
but, the vendors have stayed put.
the drive had followed an agitation by the permanent shop owners of the market.
they had urged the civic body to allow only identified vendors to do business inside the shopping complex.
there was also a plan to issue identity cards to authorised vendors, but nothing has materialised.
the permanent shop owners, under the aegis of central market association, had alleged that 543 vendors were present inside the market building.
they also said that while some vendors had documents to support their claims to continue their business, there were many others doing business illegally and inconveniencing people.
general secretary of the association pradyumna kumar jena said: there is a nexus between the civic officials and vendors, which is perhaps the reason why eviction of the illegal vendors has not been impossible.
if no action is taken against them, we may go to court against the illegal vendors.
jena also said that with vendors choking the place, the entire market becomes congested in the evening and this puts off shoppers.
jasaswini mohapatra, a homemaker from shatabdi nagar (phase-ii), said: there should be controlled entry of vendors inside the market.
we will take up the matter again after the new council starts functioning.
however, president of the all-odisha roadside vendors association pratap sahu blamed some of the permanent shop owners behind the failure of the corporations plan to remove illegal vendors.
apart from 246 vendors with valid permission, there are 54 more vendors who were given permission by a former municipal commissioner.
so, there are 310 vendors who can actually sit inside.
however, 233 more vendors are operating inside the market as most of them are sponsored by some of the permanent shop owners, sahu said.
sandeep mishrawelcome move: a designated parking lot at kharavela nagar in bhubaneswar on sunday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has initiated corrective measure after complaints against undesignated parking lots began to pour in.
the telegraph had on november 11 reported that several citizens complained of hooliganism by parking operators at various places.
people had also complained about illegal collection of fees by these undesignated lot operators.
struck by the flood of complaints, the civic body on friday issued a notice on its website to inform residents about the designated parking lots in the city.
the notice issued states that there are 76 designated parking lots, 19 of which are operational and private operators have been engaged to collect fees.
nine of the 76 lots are institutional parking belonging to various organisations, while five are yet to be operational for reasons including lack of interested operators to run them.
we did receive complaints about hooliganism and arbitrary collection of parking fees at many places.
i personally raided a number of such parking lots and caught fake operators and warned them of dire consequences if they continued to do so, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said the public notice was issued to apprise people of civic body's authorised parking lots.
people can easily park their vehicles at these designated parking lots.
we have also mentioned the lots that are yet to become operational.
we request citizens not to fall in the trap of fake operators, jena said.
residents and commuters, however, have a different opinion.
it is good that the civic body informed us about the designated parking lots, but who would look into it if we are asked to pay fees at the undesignated ones?
mostly bullies run these lots and i would never take the risk of arguing with such rogues, said unit-iii resident jivan hota.
nayapalli resident bidwan mohanty said the civic body should make efforts to streamline its parking service.
the municipal corporation should provide uniforms to parking operators, introduce electronic ticketing service and ensure online monitoring, the corporate employee said.
our correspondenthelp at hand: the project site at master canteen square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: work on a crucial smart city project has started nearly a month after an agreement was signed between the niti aayog and the state government for smooth execution of these schemes.
while the niti aayog has identified nodal officers for the projects, the administration has decided to prepare a priority list for phase-wise and timely completion of schemes.
in the first phase, the bhubaneswar town centre project, which will see an overall development of the master canteen square, has been accorded priority status.
base work for the project has already started.
the bhubaneswar town centre project, earlier known as railway station multi-modal hub, will see an array of developments that includes construction of theatre and retail malls.
a singapore-based firm is preparing a detailed project report for the revamp.
it will be the biggest smart city project to be executed and we have decided to put more focus on it.
the project report will be ready soon and we are also working to clear hurdles at the construction site, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said the agreement with the niti aayog would prove beneficial for timely completion of the project.
for the first time, and with the help of niti aayog, there will be 24x7 work on the bhubaneswar town centre project.
later, we will shift focus to other major projects as well, he said.
sources said the government was planning to take the aayog's help to execute major projects under the smart city mission.
however, the smaller ones would be executed with local support and resources.
niti aayog will be there for the next 30 months.
after completion of one project, we will shift focus to another, said a bhubaneswar smart city limited official.
unit-i resident hitesh jena said some work was visible near the station.
i have been reading about the redevelopment of master canteen square and hope to see it soon, jena, a schoolteacher, said.
sandeep mishracleanliness target: garbage dumped near naveen nivas in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the union ministry of housing and urban affairs is starting a holistic competition to provide star ratings to cities based on their solid waste management practices and the capital is geared up for it.
the competition titled star ratings of garbage free cities began after the ministry organised a stakeholder workshop in raipur on april 25 where they sensitised officials on various parameters, components and protocols of the competition.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had taken part in it.
the union ministry claims this competition is different from the annual swachh survekshan (national level survey to rank cities on cleanliness) since many cities can have same high star ratings while in swachh survekshan, only one city can be adjudged the cleanest city.
a garbage-free city could be judged in six different parameters -no garbage is found in public or commercial place, 100 per cent scientific management of waste, no garbage is found in drains, legacy waste has been re-mediated, steady reduction in waste generation and visible beautification of the city.
the ministry will use smart (single-metric, measurable, achievable, rigorous-verification and targeted-towards-outcome) rating in the competition.
ratings will comprise all components of swachh bharat mission, which is 100 per cent door-to-door collection of waste, efforts towards making city free from open defecation and the satisfaction of citizens on the cleanliness aspects.
as part of this competition, a city could get the highest of seven-star rating.
a city will be able to self assess and give itself up to three stars.
in order to get four stars or more, it needs to be assessed by ministry officials.
sources said each star would be given or claimed based on the city's practice in each components of the swachh bharat mission, including solid waste management, public and community toilets, maintenance of public and commercial places among others.
we are ready for the competition, said a civic body official who attended the workshop in raipur.
in some parameters, we are doing well such as the beautification aspect, but there are still other things to achieve, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the number of toilets have increased in the city, but regular sweeping activities are hardly taking place, said surya kumar, a resident of patia.
the new colour-coded bins in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 4: the centre has asked the civic body to ensure each household in the city had colour-coded waste bins in an effort to achieve 100 per cent waste segregation at source from june 5, the world environment day.
the directive came from the union ministry of urban development that has set june 5 deadline for all waste to be segregated at source.
the ministry has also been asking the civic body to organise mass pledging ceremonies to create a world record.
we have received the directives from the ministry and have also initiated the process to identify localities where the colour-coded waste bins are urgently needed.
we are also conducting camps to mobilise and make citizens aware about the need to segregate waste at source, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the ministry, in its directive, has suggested that the civic body procure the swachh bharat waste containers from the e-marketplace of the central government and distribute and install those in households or localities where there are not enough bins.
municipal commissioner krishan kumar had earlier announced april 1 deadline for segregation of waste for bulk waste generators, while the june 5 deadline would be applicable to all.
the civic body had issued notices to 100 bulk waste generators in the city to ensure segregation of their waste at source.
we are making all efforts to keep the city clean.
in february, we started the process of installing the colour-coded waste bins across the city and encouraged the citizens to adopt their use.
we have installed around 3,000 such bins.
it is now time to make the citizens aware about this, said kumar.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has been asked to prepare a comprehensive action plan to ensure the task of waste segregation is achieved in a collective manner.
accordingly, the civic body is now sensitising its sanitary officials to transport the segregate waste properly to the final dumping zone.
it is necessary for everyone to be aware of civic issues.
it is not just the duty of the civic body to ensure a clean city, said environmentalist binay dash.
a city bus signage in bhubaneswar.
picture by sanjib mukherjee bhubaneswar, sept.
30: twenty signages installed in various parts of the city to facilitate the bus service have been stolen in the past two months.
the places from where the signposts were stolen include sai temple, airport square, aiginia, sainik school square and dav pokhariput square.
a single signage costs between rs 3,000 and rs 5,000 depending on its size.
when the thefts were first reported, then commissioner of bhubaneswar municipal corporation, vishal dev, had sent an official letter intimating police about the disappearance of the signages.
the corporation has planned to erect 246 signages in various parts of the city and its outskirts to demarcate the bus stops.
so far, the civic body has erected 168 signposts.
the boards are expected to ease traffic congestion, as most of the time, residents complain that the city buses tend to stop anywhere to pick passengers creating traffic problems.
without the signboards, the passengers are forced to face inconvenience.
if there is a proper stoppage, we board the bus from there.
in the absence of such posts, we do not know where to wait for the bus.
the authorities must ensure that all stoppages are demarcated properly, said hrudanada sahu, a passenger.
an official of the dream team sahara (dts), the private operator of city bus service, said the thefts were creating problems for the bus operators.
without proper boards, the bus operators are forced to pick up passengers from various places of a stretch causing traffic woes, said a senior official of the dts.
the police said they were suspecting this as the handiwork of autorickshaw operators and private bus owners.
we will intensify night patrolling and keep tabs on the government properties, said a senior police officer.
the city bus service covers 12 routes, including puri, bhubaneswar and cuttack.
nearly 37,000 to 42,000 passengers depend on the bus service everyday.
at present, 105 buses ply across bhubaneswar, cuttack, puri and parts of khurda.
earlier, the criminals had targeted streetlights.
in may, three persons were arrested in connection with a streetlight theft.
this is bothering us as the corporation has to spend money to reinstall the street lights and signages.
the property belongs to the public and they must play an active role to report such kinds of thefts, said mayor anant narayan jena.
our correspondentsmart development: delegates speak at the workshop in bhubaneswar on friday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the administration on friday kick began a two-day workshop on the role of art and tradition in developing the smart city.
the workshop is part of the bhubaneswar urban lecture series.
officials from the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl), bhubaneswar development authority, bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the bhubaneswar urban knowledge centre took part in the event and broadly discussed the issues.
bscl managing director krishan kumar said various forms of art would be incorporated while taking up smart city projects here and stressed on the execution of an artificial lake on janpath and development of the museum of urban history.
smart city projects will incorporate art and the city's ancient architectural style.
we need to keep the city's history intact while undertaking modern projects, said kumar.
the participants hinted at a common and uniform theme for the city beatification project.
there is a need to have a common theme for beautification for which inputs and suggestions from various individuals and artist groups will be taken into consideration, he said.
bhubaneswar will undergo a transformation ahead of the men's hockey world cup in november 2018, which will include wall paintings and plantation drives.
upcoming infrastructure projects will also see the incorporation of kalinga architectural style.
we want to maintain the city's ancient beauty and have decided not to ruin it by developing general buildings and other infrastructure in a modern way, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
wall paintings on a bhubaneswar street.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 3: the civic body plans to hire an independent agency to bea-utify the city through graffiti, murals and street art.
earlier, the civic body used to invite artists for the purpose.
they were given areas to draw graffiti and murals displaying the state's cultural heritage.
but now, officials feel that an independent agency will bring uniformity in artworks across the city.
various agencies and artistes have helped us in taking up the wall painting and murals.
but this often created a variation since all of them have their own distinctive styles of work.
we want to bring uniformity in the project, which could only be achieved if the work is entrusted to a single agency, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body plans to float a tender and select one independent entity - be it an art school, a non-governmental organisation or an independent artiste having expertise in the field.
the agency or the individual will be given certain parts of the city in phase-wise manner for urban beautification.
the civic body has painted several walls of the city with art that reflects the state's tradition.
the initiative was taken during 2008, which benefited many artistes and art organisations.
their works had received widespread appreciation.
the wall paintings and the murals have not only provided us with jobs and employment, but also gave us an opportunity to showcase our talents.
the initiative to paint the walls which reflected the art and culture of the state also helped the residents of the city and the visitors alike to gain an understanding of odia art, said artist simanchal nayak, who had been a part of the project.
in the upcoming phase, the civic body has decided to cover the walls of various flyovers and also the interiors of the government office buildings with graffiti and murals.
several flyovers and the government buildings will be included in the city beautification project, said the mayor.
sources said that apart from painting the walls to showcase the tradition of the state, a plan is also afoot to take up 3d painting of the walls and on streets to convey various social messages.
besides, the walls of the newly constructed toilets of the city will also be painted to crate awareness among people for their wider use.
a senior official of the civic body said that they had invited request for qualification for selecting the agency following which a proposal would be invited.
the final tender process will be completed after that.
the entire process of selecting the agency will take two months.
we hope to start working with the new agency by august, said the official.
unit-iv resident janmejaya mohanty said that it was indeed a unique initiative of the city administration to paint the walls.
painting the walls to showcase the art and culture of the state will definitely help people understand our glorious history better.
it will also contribute to the city's beautification, said mohanty.
sandeep mishraa smart traffic signal at buddha mandir square on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the smart traffic signal system, which runs on an automatic platform and controls the movement of vehicles based on their density captured on sensor data, continues to confuse commuters at several junctions here.
commuters complain that the signals are functioning haphazardly leading to chaos and collision of vehicles at these junctions.
the earlier timer system was good.
now we don't know when the light will turn green or red, said commuter nirakar moharana.
besides, the problems of automatic lighting, the situation is getting worse at junctions where traffic personnel leave their posts in the hope that the lights will control traffic more efficiently.
the signals are working perfectly, but people are not abiding by it, said a cop deployed at patel marg square.
under the smart city mission, there are plans to install the smart traffic signals at 58 junctions.
the authorities also plan to introduce pelican system at 14 places.
this will ensure control of the pedestrians over zebra crossings.
sources said the new system is working at more than 50 junctions.
things are going quite smooth at junctions guarded by more traffic personnel.
however, the smaller junctions are in a bigger mess.
part of the problem is that these places don't have traffic cops.
the lights will be controlled through our command control centre and this will end confusion.
people will soon get used to the modern system, said jena.
eco-friendly move bhubaneswar, april 26: the state capital is on the fast track to urbanisation and the pace has picked up ever since it was selected for the centre's smart city mission.
however, the authorities are cautious that steps towards urbanisation do not end up disturbing the ecological balance.
the awareness has increased as the push has led to an increased impact on the environment with the city's ecological footprint bearing the brunt more than before.
ecological footprint measures the ecological assets that a given population requires to produce natural resources it consumes (including plant-based food and fibre products, livestock and fish products, timber and other forest products, space for urban infrastructure) and to absorb its waste, especially carbon emissions.
in keeping with the demand of reducing ecological footprint and to ensure sustainable development, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and other allied agencies have decided to implement a renewable energy programme under the smart city mission.
the programme will be taken up on a pilot basis along the bhubaneswar town centre district on janpath and will later be expanded to other parts.
the administration has decided to set up a 10-megawatt solar power plant at saheed nagar for it.
we have decided to generate at least 10 per cent energy needs from solar.
there will be a solar power plant in the proposed lake-neutral smart city project from where we will simultaneously generate and supply power, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the odisha renewable energy development authority (oreda) will help the civic body augment the plan.
the administration also plans to power street lights with solar.
besides, it has plans for solar rooftops, waste and water recycling, sewage treatment and integrated water management.
jena said the civic body, alongside oreda officials, would conduct camps to sensitise people about installing solar photovoltaic cells in their households.
we need citizen participation for successful implementation of the programme.
our focus will be on commercial buildings, apartments and other such structures, jena said.
besides, the administration will also use renewable energy measures for water supply with photovoltaic power plants powering the pumping stations.
we have conducted a survey to save energy during water supply.
an agency is doing the job.
once it submits the findings, we will begin implementation, said an urban development official.
for street lights, the administration has decided to consider three approaches.
these include standalone solar street lights, small solar photovoltaic cell to provide power to a group of street lights or large solar power plants with net metering facility to meet the entire power requirement of street lights.
we have decided on the initial stage for implementing the renewable energy programme in the city.
we will conduct a feasibility survey and come up with a detail project report.
we may hire an expert agency to execute the project, said an oreda official.
environmentalists have welcomed the move and urged for its fast implementation.
it is time for any city that is undergoing such rapid urbanisation to take up sustainable measures of development.
nature should be conserved.
this could help put up a fight against global warming, said environmentalist alok mohanty.
our correspondentfacility push: the baramunda bus stand.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state government has put the much-awaited inter state bus terminal (isbt) project here at baramunda on the fast track.
the authorities have set the timeline for execution of the project with finalisation of tender scheduled to be over by the first week of june.
a 15-months deadline has been fixed to complete the project.
the decision was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by chief secretary aditya prasad pathi here on wednesday.
bhubaneswar development authority (bda) vice-chairman krishan kumar made a detailed presentation on the project.
senior officials from the housing and urban development department were also present in the meeting.
sources said a primary budget of rs 180 crore has been allocated for the isbt of which the state government would bear 40 per cent, 40 per cent will be taken as loan from odisha urban infrastructure development fund and the bda would shoulder the rest 20 per cent.
it was also decided to build a parking facility on the foothills of khandagiri and udaygiri for night coaches, while the existing bus stand will remain operational till the project is complete.
the project, which will be build on 17 acres, will incorporate designs from odisha textiles andcity temples.
the bus terminus will have separate lanes for specific vehicles and amenities such as wi-fi, city bus information centre and other emergency services.
baramunda isbt is one of the milestone projects to be executed in bhubaneswar.
it will change the face of urban transport service of the city.
we are trying to complete the project on time and without any hurdles, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
an official said the project would integrate commercial office space, retail space, multi-level car parking and open public space.
file picture of officials monitoring law and order from the cctv control room in bhubaneswar bhubaneswar/cuttack, sept.
18: police will crack down on habitual offenders this dussehra in the twin cities to ensure a peaceful festive season.
stringent action will also be taken against those forcing people to hand over puja donations.
the cops will install high-resolution closed circuit television (cctv) cameras at prominent locations in cuttack.
more than 35 cctv cameras are usually installed on the traditional immersion route from mangalabag to debighat.
this time, the cops plan to cover more areas this time.
official sources said police of the twin cities plan to install about 50 cameras on the immersion route and 25 more at other prominent locations across the millennium city.
the puja committees in cuttack that will have silver or gold filigree as backdrop have also been asked to install cctvs at their respective pandals.
the move comes in the wake of a recent clash between two groups during the khudurkuni melan ceremony held at chauliaganj on september 14.
besides, pending territory disputes between sahi committees may trigger law and order problems during the festive season.
chauliaganj police have so far arrested five persons in connection with ransacking public property during the celebrations in the city.
we plan to install more cameras at various locations compared to last year and presently we are working on a comprehensive strategy for strengthening security during the festival, said deputy commissioner of police, cuttack, sanjeev arora.
arora said already instruction have been issued to the puja committees to install cctvs particularly in the pandals having silver and gold filigree as backdrop.
we will extend cooperation to the police in ensuring peaceful dusshera celebrations.
we are hopeful of having a safe and trouble-free festival this year, said secretary, cuttack nagar shanti committee, bhikari das.
in bhubaneswar, the cops have asked the puja committees to rope in more volunteers to manage traffic.
the cops will also deploy their men in plainclothes to keep a watch on mischief-makers.
a special drive has already been launched in cuttack and bhubaneswar to book criminals.
stern action will be taken against those forcing people to give chanda (donations), said police commissioner y.b. khurania.
dussehra will be celebrated at around 170 locations in bhubaneswar, while cuttack will have around 150 pandals.
in september 2011, the saheed nagar police arrested some youths for violence in the area.
more than 60 youths from rasulgarh, armed with sharp weapons and hockey sticks, had ransacked the saheed nagar market over a conflict related to puja donations.
again in september 2013, tension erupted in front of kharvela nagar police station following a clash between two groups of people.
once again, police linked the clash to collection of donations by two puja committees in the area.
the issue of forceful collection of donations has been raised at several police-public interface meetings in the city.
the residents can either approach the police station concerned or inform the police by dialling 100.
police stations have been asked to take stringent action against those forcefully collecting donations, said deputy commissioner of police, bhubaneswar, satyabrata bhoi.
the cops have also asked puja committees in the twin cities to take two-day training from fire personnel to act swiftly during emergencies.
a special drive will also be conducted against illegal sale of liquor.
adequate police personnel will be deployed at puja pandals and at traffic junctions to manage traffic, added bhoi.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has decided to install 15,000 led lights at several places before the festival.
the civic body will also set up temporary toilets near pandals and ensure supply of safe drinking water, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
however, the major challenge for the police will be to regulate bhubaneswar traffic with most of the important pandals coming up along the main roads.
traffic often goes haywire during dussehra near pandals at saheed nagar, nayapalli, rasulgarh, chandrasekharpur and old station bazaar and with hundreds of vehicles being parked on the roads.
we will ensure that the vehicles are not parked on the road, as this makes it difficult for devotees to have darshan of the deities, said a police official.
the baramunda bus terminal.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 20: the state government has initiated a renewed attempt to renovate the baramunda terminal here after two unsuccessful bids.
as part of its city bus modernisation plan.
more than 300 buses use the state's biggest bus terminal at baramunda everyday, apart from about 350 light vehicles, such as cars and autorickshaws.
but, many infrastructure problems plague the terminal.
its parking premises are full of potholes and littered with garbage, while lack of amenities in the waiting rooms and irregular lodging facilities on the first floor add to passengers' woes.
supriya rath, who frequently uses this terminal, said there were no proper place to sit and wait for the buses here.
it becomes most inconvenient during the summer.
the ceiling fans in the waiting halls do not work properly.
then the littering is another problem.
there are no proper toilets.
the administration should take care of these issues, said rath, a jatni resident.
a night-coach owner, sangram nayak, said: getting a proper place to park the bus is always a difficult task at baramunda.
moreover, there are not much facilities either for passengers or drivers and helpers.
to address these issues, chief secretary aditya prasad padhi has directed the transport department, which is the administrative authority of the bus terminal, to transfer the site to the bhubaneswar development authority, which will then prepare the blueprint for its development.
the developments are expected to include construction of parking sheds, high-class waiting rooms for passengers, and public amenities such as provision for drinking water and toilets, market complex as well as plans to make the premises clean with installation of adequate dustbins.
the transport department will entrust the responsibility for construction, operation and management of the terminal to the development authority , said padhi.
earlier, the department had tried to take up the terminal's development, but failed because of various administrative delays and apathies.
sources said there were deficiencies in the project report and tender documents prepared by the transport department - which remained the reason that not many agencies were interested in taking up the terminal job.
in 2015, the department had received rs 2.
38 crore to renovate the terminal.
then again in march last year, the department received another rs 2 crore for the terminal's development.
but, it again failed to execute the work no agency was interested in taking up the job then.
we will call up a meeting and are likely to hire a consultant - engaged for the smart city projects - to prepare a flawless project report to renovate the terminal, said jena.
a park in bhubaneswar awaits development under the amrut scheme.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, oct.
5: the city will have to wait a little longer to get improved water supply facilities and more green space under atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme, as the administration here is busy playing the blame game.
amrut scheme is supposed to be executed by public health engineering organisation (pheo), bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) and odisha water supply and sewerage board along with technical support from the eil, a union government appointed technical partner of the project.
according to the plan, the authorities should have invited tenders and started work on four parks and 12 water supply projects by march this year.
however, not a single tender has been awarded till date.
the status report of the projects shows that so far the administration has prepared 14 detailed project reports and has floated tenders for four projects, including one park.
the tenders are yet to be awarded to any of the bidders.
lack of coordination between the administration and the technical partner, engineers india limited (eil), is said to be causing the delay.
a senior pheo official said: generally what happens is that our experts prepare the detailed reports for water supply projects and submit it to an agency, which in this case is eil, for evaluation.
thereafter, the tender is floated and subsequently awarded.
however, the eil is taking huge time to complete the evaluation process and this is delaying the projects, said the official on the condition of anonymity.
on the other hand, at a meeting held at the secretariat, the eil had blamed the three public agencies for causing delay in submitting the project reports for evaluation.
eil officials have said that the bmc was supposed to submit the report of the park at niladri vihar by august end, but it has not received it till date.
the other eight amrut cities in the state are comparatively ahead in project execution.
according to the status, cuttack has already awarded tenders for 11 out of 19 projects, rourkela and balasore, four each, sambalpur, two and puri, one.
berhampur had invited seven tenders and baripada, one.
only bhadrak has not invited or awarded any tenders.
niladri vihar resident giridhari sahoo said the area had seen a lot of concrete growth in terms of residential complexes, but is desperately short of facilities.
the population here is increasing at a very rapid pace.
we had written to the civic body recently about our problems and were assured of projects such as parks and recreational centres.
however, looking at the pace of work, we are not very hopeful, said sahoo.
mayor anantanarayanjena , however, assured of expediting the work under the scheme.
we have decided to submit the project report to the eil through the housing and urban development department on time and on the other hand the central agency will evaluate and approve the same within seven days.
the mechanism has been changed now, which will definitely help complete the projects on time, said jena.
quick fix: a boy rides a cycle on the demarked portion of the road painted in red in bhubaneswar on saturday.
picture by ashwinee patithe local urban development authority has developed fresh cycle tracks and restored existing ones in various parts of the city as chief minister naveen patnaik is going to launch much-awaited public bicycle sharing programme in the state capital on monday.
naveen will launch the programme under the banner mo cycle as part of which as many as 1,500 modern bicycles will be provided to the residents of bhubaneswar who would be able to take those bicycles on rent by paying some little money and roam around the city with ease without hurting the environment.
the public bicycle sharing programme is one of the ambitious projects of the smart city mission.
we have hired two agencies that have provided the bicycles for the programme.
the agencies will run the programme while bhubaneswar development authority (bda) is helping to create the infrastructure for it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
however, running short of adequate space to develop the new tracks for the bicycle sharing programme, the bda has come up with a unique alternative and painted significant portions of various thoroughfares of the capital city with red colour marking the stretches for bicycles only.
major roads were marked with red providing space to the cyclists including power house square to crpf square, stewart school square to delta square, siripur square to fire station square, bidyut marg, patel marg, madhusudan marg, rajpath and gopabandhu marg among others.
we have painted at least one meter of the roads on both sides red and also put bicycles logos on it marking it specially for the bicyclists.
the cyclists will be using the tracks and other vehicles will not be allowed on it.
we are also making attempts to free the spaces from irregular parking of vehicles, said a smart city official.
the city had a mere 11 kilometres of dedicated cycle tracks on major roads such as janpath, bidyut marg, rajpath and sachivalaya marg.
however, with the fresh marking of the tracks with red colour, the administration is planning to increase the track length to almost 500 kilometres.
plastic waste dumped at mahatma gandhi marg in bhubaneswar on thursday.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 27: the civic body has begun implementation of new plastic waste management rules here.
the development comes after the central pollution control board slammed the bhubaneswar municipal corporation for not implementing of the new plastic waste management rules, 2016.
the civic body has decided to hire an expert firm, which will set up a plastic waste processing facility and ensure smooth waste management in the city.
sources said the firm would be selected by mid-may.
we have invited proposals to select an expert firm.
it will establish an enforcement mechanism and ensure implementation of the rules in spirit.
it will also set up a treatment plant to recycle and process plastic waste without harming the environment, said mayor anantanarayanjena , adding the firm will begin work by the end of may.
in february, the board asked the housing and urban development department to communicate with the civic body and prepare bylaws under the new rules and submit an annual action plan by june.
it had also warned of action if it failed.
according to the plans, the firm selected will identify street vendors, shopkeepers, plastic producers and manufacturers and collect user fees for the use of plastic materials, carry bags or polythene from event sites and households.
it will also devise a mechanism for segregation, collection, storage, transportation and recycling at the source.
the firm will also put up a mechanism for collection of plastic waste through rag pickers in a safe manner.
it will engage with the community for sustainable waste management practice and develop a strategy to establish safe collection, storage and transportation.
the firm will generate awareness among the public and organise training programmes for rag pickers.
bhubaneswar generates about 15,330 tonnes of plastic every year.
at present, it doesn't have any mechanism for safe segregation and disposal of plastic waste.
however, the new rules mandate all urban local bodies to ensure proper management of plastic waste.
a feature of the rules is for an individual using plastic to pay a certain amount to the civic body for its management.
the rules enable the civic body to charge retailers a minimum of rs 4,000 per month for providing plastic carry bags to customers.
city-based environmentalist sailabala padhi said plastic was one of the most hazardous wastes, heavily polluting the environment.
the centre's move to bring in stringent rules for plastic waste management is good.
the government's efforts to ban plastic went in vain.
i hope that the new rules will discourage the use of plastic, said padhi.
sandeep mishraa cesspool-emptier vehicle.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: hounded by frequent violations and irregular management of faecal sludge and septage, the housing and urban development department has asked the municipal corporation to come up with measures for effective implementation of septage management guidelines in the city.
the government had in 2016 come up with stringent septage management guidelines wherein it mentioned ways for smooth management of the sludge in order to stop its dumping in open drains.
the guidelines included its transportation via cesspool emptier vehicles and a plan to have proper soak pits in every household.
accordingly, the civic body had done an assessment of the households and later decided to have a separate dumping place for such sludge at its temporary transit station near sainik school.
it has also asked the private cesspool vehicle operators to transport the sludge properly and dump the same at the designated place.
however, the civic body failed to monitor the activities of these operators and the cesspool vehicles continued to dump the sludge in the drainage channels and households violated the norms by releasing the sludge into the peripheral drains.
the civic body has also failed to prepare the designated dumping place for the sludge, which was planned near sainik school.
we are aware of the situation and are slapping fines on those cesspool operators who are dumping the sludge in the drains.
we also had a meeting recently and hired one private sanitary agency to take up the job.
we have provided our cesspool vehicles to the operator.
it will also create the place for dumping of the sludge, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the aim of the septage management guideline was to have a specific plan for dumping of the faecal sludge, which has been one of the reasons for jaundice outbreak in the city.
faecal contamination is highly dangerous.
since the sludge is being dumped in the drains, it is contaminating the ground water and making us vulnerable to diseases, said naveen hota, a resident of bhubaneswar.
sources said as part of the fresh plan, the civic body is in the process to come up with a revised plan for septage management in the city.
the officials will carry out another assessment for each household and guide them on the construction of soak pits.
if the officials find any violation, the house owners would be fined accordingly.
bhubaneswar, oct.
31: air pollution assumed alarming proportions last night and this morning owing to diwali celebrations with the high level of suspended particulate matter in the air putting the people at severe health risk.
according to the state pollution control board's data, the suspended particulate matter at unit-viii rose to a high of 141 microgram per cubic metre, while the same at palasuni stood at 123 and 108 at unit-i last night.
any figure above 100 is considered a health risk.
on october 4, suspended particulate matter was 73 microgram per cubic metre at unit-i and 52 at unit viii.
air quality deteriorates due to the generation of heavy smoke on diwali.
people need to be aware of it and the ones with health problems should be careful, said senior environmentalist d.k. behera.
according to the air quality index, suspended particulate matter beyond the 100 mark is considered severe air pollution.
breathing in such air leads to serious aggravation of heart and lungs diseases.
it also increases the risk of premature death and makes people vulnerable to cardio-respiratory diseases.
capital hospital patients' data accessed by the telegraph reveals that the premier hospital yesterday received around 50 patients complaining of breathing trouble.
people with respiratory problems, especially asthmatic patients, are vulnerable to breathing problems during diwali due to deterioration of the air quality.
they should remain cautious about the consequences and keep their inhalers at hand, said pulmonologist janardan rath.
visibility during the early hours today was affected by smog.
the situation was such due to the smoke generated during diwali and also because of a combination of factors such as slow wind speed and moisture in the air.
the temperature also came down this morning and this added to the problem, said meteorologist sarat sahu, adding that visibility dropped to 200 metres today in bhubaneswar.
the data showed how the efforts of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to observe a green diwali had failed.
the civic body also had a tough time conducting the cleanliness drive this morning.
we had urged the people to observe diwali in an eco-friendly way and we are happy that many of them have done so.
but we cannot ask them to stop the celebrations.
we have also put adequate dustbins and had conducted the cleanliness activities early today.
all the garbage generated during the celebrations was disposed off at our dump yard, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides the air pollution, the city administration has also had tough time dealing with burn cases.
according to sources, capital hospital received 19 patients with burns last night.
we had opened a special ward.
of all the patients we received, one was referred to scb medical college and hospital in cuttack while others were discharged after preliminary treatment, said hospital director biswa bhusan pattnaik.
nayapalli resident akash dash said diwali this time was quieter as compared to previous years.
i don't know whether the civic body's drive made an impact on the citizens or not, but the celebration this time was quite calm.
i could hear the sounds of the cracker's only after 9pm.
i too had decided to celebrate diwali peacefully to pay a tribute to our army, said dash, a corporate employee.
sandeep mishrasorry state: colour-coded bins wallow in neglect at chandrasekharpur in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the efforts to ensure segregation of waste at source has been a dud as the civic body has failed in both maintaining the colour-coded dustbins and in creating awareness among people on the same.
in 2016, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had started the process to install colour-coded waste bins - green bins for biodegradable waste and blue bins for non-biodegradable waste.
but, in the absence of a robust awareness drive, people couldn't use the bins properly.
besides, lack of regular maintenance made these bins difficult to use now.
the civic body had first installed 4000 such colour-coded bins in the city, and the number of bins was later doubled.
we had hired an agency to install the bins and also asked it to maintain the same.
but most of the bins remained in a dilapidated condition due to lack of monitoring, admitted a civic official.
besides, installation of the colour-coded bins in the public places, the civic body has also decided to distribute such bins among city households.
the plan was to ask the householders to use the bins and segregate the waste at their level, following which the civic body will collect the segregated waste and dispose it off at the dump yard.
a layman is not aware of bio-degradable or non-bio-degradable waste.
for us, waste is waste and it should be dumped in the waste bins.
the officials need to make effort to teach us on how to dump what kind of waste in what kind of bins, said patrapada resident bidyadhar swain.
we have issued an order to the firm which had installed the colour-coded dustbins in the city.
the issue was discussed among councillors and we have decided take action against the firm.
we will soon procure new bins and distributed those among the households, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the secretariat in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 14: the state secretariat and the development authority have taken steps to clean their premises shortly after the ministry of urban development issued a swachhata action plan to make government offices clean.
while all departments at the state secretariat have been asked to dispose of their unused vehicles and furniture by march 20, the development authority has planned to hire an independent sanitation agency to maintain cleanliness at its office located on sachivalaya marg.
we have issued an office order and sent it to all the departments at the secretariat to dispose of their vehicles and unused furniture and old files by march 20.
these articles, which are of no use now, are impeding the cleaning process of the secretariat.
the departments can take the help of the civic body in the process, said an official of the general administration department.
thirty-seven government departments function from the secretariat with a combined employee strength of more than 10,000.
the secretariat also sees more than 5,000 visitors on a daily basis.
at present, bhubaneswar municipal corporation cleans the exterior of the building while the interiors are taken care of by the secretariat cleaning staff.
we have been taking care of the cleaning of the exterior portions of the secretariat along with other government establishment across the city.
the government has taken steps to ensure a thorough cleaning of its establishments and the disposal of unused furniture and vehicles would ease the job.
we are ready to help them, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the development authority has decided to take up the cleaning of their office premises on their own by appointing an independent agency.
the office of the development authority is a five-storey structure with a floor space of about 5,500sqft on each floor.
the authority has floated a tender to select the agency.
we have floated a tender to select an agency to take up the job.
the selected agency will remain in charge of complete cleaning of the office premises by conducting sweeping, placing garbage bins and more.
the agency will be selected by march 16 and it will begin the job instantly, said an official.
according to the swachhata action plan of the centre, the local authorities should take steps for digitisation of office records, basic maintenance such as disposal of old files and vehicles, construction of adequate toilets, regular cleaning and beautification of the surroundings and fostering competition among departments.
sources said the process begins from the secretariat and would be replicated in other government offices later.
sandeep mishrarelief in sight: waste gathers in the channel and (right) a file picture of a waterlogged street after a recent spell of rain at acharya vihar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: acharya vihar residents' regular tryst with waterlogging in the area is finally set to end.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has initiated the process to divert the natural drainage channel no.
4 to tackle the area's acute waterlogging problem.
the channel, which runs through madhusudan nagar, nayapalli, vani vihar, pandara, gadakana and bhoi nagar, will be diverted from acharya vihar.
rainwater often clogs the channel in the area, causing the water to overflow into residential areas.
as a result, even a brief spell of rain, especially during monsoon, becomes a major headache for the residents with the channel creating flood-like situations.
local residents have requested the civic authorities several times to take up the work and spare them of regular problems.
we are worst affected during rains, and the civic body had turned a blind eye to it.
we are happy that finally they have decided to start the work, said local resident babaji acharya.
sources said the civic body could not take up the work before as it did not have a dedicated drainage division under its administration.
our drainage division is fully functional now.
this gives us the power to take over the drainage channels and carry out the repair and diversion work, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the corporation's drainage division plans to divert the excess water from channel no.
4 to its other end near the regional science centre by creating a box-type drain channel in order to bring the menace of flooding under control.
it has come up with a rigorous plan for the project.
initially, the civic body will work with other agencies on an eviction drive in the area where the diversion will be laid.
it will then have to shift certain water pipelines and electricity poles for the project.
the municipal corporation will execute the project for an estimated rs 5.
35 crore and complete it within 11 months.
we have floated the tender and it would take at least two months to select the executor.
once the bidder is selected, it will immediately take up the work, said a civic official .
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department will appoint special auditors to implement its energy conservation norms in new and existing buildings.
professionals will help the urban local body and the development authority to comply with the norms, including installation of rainwater harvesting and solar rooftop systems.
it will be implemented in cuttack and bhubaneswar in the first phase.
the housing and urban development as well as the energy departments will organise training programmes for architecture students at the new research and training centre at gothapatna.
we drafted the odisha energy conservation building code.
the auditors will provide handholding support to implement the norms, said a housing and urban development department official.
the government has rolled out a programme to install solar rooftop system on buildings in the twin cities.
we have started creating awareness on the energy conservation methods and are encouraging people to opt for it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the government also plans to make it mandatory for buildings, mainly the commercial ones, to install rainwater harvesting and solar rooftop systems as part of the code.
it is important to have experts to design and specify the new installations.
the energy auditors will help with that, said jena.
the code had been formulated in 2011, while the development authority incorporated those in its planning and building standards regulations to ensure energy efficiency in 2013.
sources said the energy auditors would be present during the scrutiny of building plan applications and incorporate the energy conservation measures in them.
our correspondentan overloaded garbage bin in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body is planning to roll out the central government's neighbourhood action plan by involving more local people to ensure a clean city.
the centre devised the plan and asked urban local bodies across the country to implement it.
the initiative's primary agenda is to involve more and more people in the cleanliness mission.
we have received the direction from the centre and decided to implement the initiative here.
residents of various areas under our ambit will be encouraged to be a part of this initiative, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the neighbourhood action plan would include activities, such as segregation of waste at source, compost creation out of wet waste on household premises, recycling of dry waste, and ensuring the neighbourhoods remain free from open defecation and open urination.
the central government has also asked the civic body to rope in volunteers who would encourage residents to keep their localities clean by not throwing garbage in the open and using waste bins.
various residents' welfare associations will also be encouraged to adopt a nearby park or open space for collection and segregation of waste.
this initiative has already been implemented in new delhi on a pilot basis.
we will closely study how they have implemented the action plan in their areas, along with its outcome, and try to incorporate the same in the city.
we hope to include more and more people in the process, said a senior civic official.
social worker alok mohanty said that much of the city could be kept clean with the help of individuals.
one should be made aware of civic senses.
we cannot go and blame the civic body for everything dirty around us.
their job is to provide the essential infrastructure, while it is up to us to use those in proper manner, said mohanty.
damana resident ritesh mohapatra said that the civic body should first set up adequate toilets and install enough waste bins.
there are many areas where solid waste management is a mess.
the civic body should set up infrastructure there on priority basis and then ask people to maintain cleanliness, said mohapatra.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the civic body will install global positioning system (gps) trackers in cesspool emptier vehicles to monitor their movement following allegations that they are dumping faecal sludge into the city's open drains.
it will prepare a standard operating procedure to install the trackers on the vehicles and also devise a plan to monitor their movement.
the devices will be installed in both vehicles belonging to the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and those owned by private agencies tasked with the job.
in the absence of a proper mechanism, the vehicles allegedly dump sludge into open drains, creating an unhealthy environment that could trigger health problems, including jaundice and diarrhoea.
we have about five such vehicles, but the majority belong to private agencies.
we monitor the ones belonging to us, but it often becomes difficult to track the private vehicles.
we do fine them when we get complaints of violations, but now we have decided to strengthen the system with tracking devices, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the agencies, however, blamed the civic body for its inability to provide a facility to dump the sludge.
the housing and urban development department had asked the civic body to create a separate and safe place to dump faecal sludge collected from households, but it has failed to do it so far.
they cannot just fine or blame us for violating the norms when they don't follow the rules themselves.
if they create a facility to dump the sludge, why would we dump it in the drains.
we collect the sludge from households, but where would we dump it?
said a driver of a vehicle.
the corporation also failed to adhere to the septage management guidelines, 2016, norms framed by the housing and urban development department for proper management of sludge.
a civic official said manpower shortage prevented them from implementing the rules.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the city administration has finalised parking plans for the men's hockey world cup at kalinga stadium later this year.
the plan was drafted keeping in mind an estimated inflow of about 15,000 spectators during the event.
sixteen teams will take part in hockey's showpiece event from november 28 to december 16.
there will be specific parking spots for specific sections of people - the general public, vips, vvips, teams and team officials, newspersons, utility service providers, fire brigades, ambulance and the police.
the authorities have identified 10 potential parking areas - behera sahi, nicco park road, reserve police ground, new ag colony, ravana podi ground, asharm school, empty space near unit-iv high school, rie ground, janata maidan and idco convention hall ground - for the tournament.
thousands of people will come here for the world cup, which will be the biggest ever tournament to be held at kalinga stadium, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said: we are making plans for its smooth conduct and parking and traffic regulations are the two most daunting tasks that need to be efficiently handled.
sources said the government had formed a special parking committee that includes officials from the civic body and the development authority to inspect the sites identified and ensure that those are cleared for utilisation during the event.
the civic officials have also decided to put up parking and traffic regulations for the opening and closing ceremonies since these two events draw the maximum crowds.
besides, special parking services will also be made available for persons with disabilities, ambulances and other emergency services.
the parking plans will be implemented from november 26 and remain active till december 17.
we will also look after private parties and marriage processions during this time and provide alternative options to them.
we will notify the plans before it comes into force, said a civic official.
sandeep mishramore on cards: existing murals on the pillars of a flyover in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the city administration has drawn up a detailed plan to improve urban infrastructure and take up beautification ahead of the men's hockey world cup to be held at kalinga stadium from november 28 to december 16.
officials have discussed various aspects, including increasing the frequency of city bus services, improvement of bus shelters and terminal, development of major roads, construction of street furniture, fresh painting and plantation drives, introduction of some important smart city projects and branding of the city and its festivals, among others.
according to the bus service improvement plan, the authorities have decided to increase number of bus shelters as it was already decided that the existing fleet of 100 buses would be upgraded to a 300-bus facility by september.
besides, a hop on-and-hop off concept will come into force that will cover all major tourist attractions with new bus routes.
a concept of city bus tour will also be introduced wherein special routes will be devised to take out the tourists to various destinations across the city.
the tourism as well as the housing and urban development departments will work jointly to execute the plan.
we have already got three new routes and are in the process of getting more, said an official of tourism department.
the public works department and the civic authorities, along with the smart city officials, have decided to complete the smart janpath project before september.
priority was given to put all overhead high-tension wires under the ground on janpath and bidyut marg ahead of the event.
besides, adequate number of public toilets and urinals will be put up on major roads of the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will take up wall painting, murals, street art and installation of public art, while the bhubaneswar development authority will look after landscaping and avenue plantation in various parts of the city.
the housing and urban development department has asked the civic body to expedite the process of procuring mechanical sweeping machines and conduct road sweeping using the machines on major thoroughfares.
we will put a proposal before the government for procurement of the mechanical sweeping machines, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) will also take active part in the urban transformation ahead of the sports event.
the bscl will introduce wi-fi service at as many as 300 locations and also operationalise the city operation centre, intelligent traffic control signalling system and the public bicycle-sharing programme before the hockey world cup.
the tourism department will organise a one-of-its-kind urban festival for branding of the men's hockey world cup among the visitors as well as the local residents here.
we are carving out plans to conduct the city festival.
it will be more like an integrated festival aiming at the youth, said a senior tourism official.
sandeep mishraa slum near and (below) the vishwakarma temple near kalinga stadium in bhubaneswar on thursday.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has finally chalked out plans to demolish a slum near kalinga stadium for smooth conduct of the men's hockey world cup to be held here in november.
authorities of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation held a meeting on thursday to discuss the issues and finalise a roadmap to ensure a smooth eviction drive.
sources said the meeting was held after the telegraph had on april 18 reported about the delay in clearing encroachments around the stadium.
we discussed the issue with our officials on thursday.
we will speak to the encroachers and come up with a rehabilitation plan.
the slum dwellers will be rehabilitated through various government schemes.
we are hopeful to complete the eviction by may end, said municipal commissioner krishan kumar.
kumar said the entire slum would be demolished permanently and the slum dwellers rehabilitated.
we will start accommodating them in our existing transit houses before demolishing the settlements.
we have got the government's nod for it, said kumar.
the municipal corporation has identified 250 families to be evicted from the settlements near gate no.
9 of the kalinga stadium.
the civic body asked the government for rs 13.
2 crore to rehabilitate the slum dwellers.
the nod has finally been granted, an official said.
sources said the slum dwellers would be rehabilitated in various housing schemes of the government, including rajiv awas yojna, housing for all scheme of the state and pradhan mantri awas yojna among others.
the slum dwellers will be rehabilitated in various schemes based on their eligibility, said a civic official.
the civic body had made a similar attempt to rehabilitate the slum dwellers during the asian athletics championship last year.
each family was paid a compensation of rs 10,000, but the plan failed with the slum dwellers returning to the encroached territory after the meet was ended.
we are ready to talk and will check out their offer.
a compensation of rs 10,000, which they had given us last year, is not an amount that we can use to build a new house.
i hope they have something better this time else we are not going to leave our place under any circumstances, said chidananda moharana, a slum dweller.
besides demolishing the slum, the civic authorities also have plans to shift a temple near gate no.
2 of the stadium.
this is necessary to construct the west stand of the stadium.
we will talk to the residents and shift the temple to another location, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
a vending zone at unit-vi in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, aug.
9: bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) wants vending zones and kiosks of odisha state cooperative milk producers federation limited (omfed) and odisha state poultry products cooperative marketing federation limited (opolfed) across the city to be spruced up ahead of the local self government day on august 31.
the owners of shops in the vending zones and opolfed and omfed kiosks have been asked to make them spic and span by august 24.
owners of phone booths and flower kiosks set up with the bmcs collaboration are expected to meet the deadline, failing which their trade licences would be cancelled.
the civic body has asked the traders to repaint their shops and kiosks and remove any structure added to them in violation of rules.
they have also been asked to use dustbins to keep their surroundings litter-free and plant trees in front of the vending zones.
all this would be done by the shop-owners at their own cost.
however, in case of the vending zones that were set up in the public private partnership (ppp) mode, part of the exercise would be carried out by the private partner.
the city has 56 vending zones, of which 36 are run in the ppp mode.
the city has 80 opolfed and 587 omfed kiosks apart from 150 phone booths and 17 flower outlets.
we have decided to give a new look to the city.
hence, we have asked all vendors to paint their shops and keep their surroundings clean.
if anyone fails to do so, the corporation will cancel their licences, said mayor anant narayan jena.
sources in the bmc said the best vending zone and the owners of the best omfed and opolfed kiosks would be felicitated by the civic body.
since the vending zones were set up in the ppp mode, the private parties were supposed to contribute substantially to the maintenance of the zones.
however, vendors alleged that the private parties had not done their bit.
according to our agreement, the private party will collect revenues through display of advertisements but at the same time, they are also supposed to maintain the vending zones.
but they have not been doing this.
the civic body had earlier constituted a squad to look after cleanliness of the vending zones and the kiosks, but the squads have now become defunct, said president of all odisha road side vendors association pratap sahu.
the civic body has also decided to renovate all the existing bus shelters in the city.
cars ply on a waterlogged street near bomikhal in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, sept.
1: weakening of a low pressure system formed over south odisha has caused incessant rain in the city resulting in waterlogging and artificial floods in many areas, especially along the cuttack-puri road or nh-203.
the data available with the local office of the indian meteorological department revealed that bhubaneswar has received 121.
5mm rain today causing waterlogging at samantarapur, old town, laxmisagar, bomikhal, rasulgarh and ggp colony.
incessant rain has caused artificial flood at mahavir bazar near samantarapur.
as the drains are incomplete and choked by the dumping of garbage and waste, water has entered houses in the low-lying areas, said sanjay nayak, a local resident.
councillor of ward no.
59 biranchi narayan mahasupakar admitted that the drainage problem had caused waterlogging and artificial flooding.
we have spoken to the nh-203 authorities to rectify the problem.
they will start work from tomorrow, he said.
not only samantarapur, but many places along the nh-203 from samantarapur to rasulgarh are waterlogged.
laxmisagar and bomikhal are also affected with the drains along the nh-203 either lying defunct or encroached upon by shops.
local met centre director sarat chandra sahoo said: the low pressure, which lay centred near kalingapatnam on the andhra pradesh-odisha border, has weakened and moved towards madhya pradesh.
it is likely to move westwards up to gujarat and this has triggered rain in and around delhi.
however, another low-pressure system is brewing near the coast.
the present low-pressure was formed on august 29 and stayed put over south odisha.
the other low-pressure system is likely to be formed by september 3-4 and may cause rain till september 7.
met sources said till date, eight low-pressures have formed this season along the odisha coast that causes rain.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is keeping its rescue team on alert although the situation is not very alarming.
we are ready with pump sets and excavators to help the people in low-lying areas, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body has set aside rs 26.
57 crore in its draft annual budget to replace conventional street lights across the city with energy efficient led bulbs by march 2019.
the draft budget of rs 430.
17 crore was placed before the municipal on saturday.
we have put focus on installing led street lights and development of the wards, said the civic body's standing committee (finance) chairman nijamuddin.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has installed about 35,000 led bulbs across arterial roads.
it hopes to save around 80 per cent in energy consumption with the new bulbs.
we have replaced conventional lighting system in several parts in the past three years.
we have been installing the led bulbs on the main roads, and now we will turn our attentions elsewhere, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the draft annual budget has also set aside rs 67.
80 crore for solid waste management and rs 3 crore for strengthening the animal birth control programme by increasing the number of sterilisations.
the budget has provisioned rs 1 crore for maintenance of parks, nurseries and gardens while rs 11.
77 crore has been set aside for construction of public, community and hybrid toilets.
bhubaneswar, sept.
9: the state cabinet okayed the proposal to amend the orissa municipal act and orissa municipal corporation act last night to replace holding tax with property tax to augment its tax base.
while the current holding tax collection is based on the annual rental value of a household, the property tax, on the other hand, will use the unit area method for assessing properties.
the net value of a building will be decided on the basis of its location.
director of municipal administration sanjib kumar mishra said following the cabinet nod to the proposal, a bill has to be introduced in the assembly.
once it is passed and gets the governors assent, rules under the new act will be framed and notified in the gazette.
the bill will have provisions such as self-assessment of the property tax and community participation to ensure transparency.
the centre suggested the provision of community participation in the proposed bill.
gujarat, delhi, tamil nadu, andhra pradesh, madhya pradesh and bihar have adopted this approach for better and effective urban governance through better collection of tax.
former chief secretary s.b. mishra said: with the introduction of property tax, urban development and growth will get a momentum with greater infrastructure support.
the present tax base is grossly inadequate to manage the costs of urban development.
senior lawyer manas mohapatra said: there is a suggestion for categorising the city into highly developed, developed, developing, underdeveloped and rural areas to decide property tax by a valuation committee, but i am sceptical about how the officials of bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) are going to do this.
elaborating, mohapatra said: even when one thinks of highly-developed areas such as nayapalli, forest park and saheed nagar, there many problems in these areas that the civic body needs to address.
so how they are going to divide the areas according to the development index?
we are happy that the government is going to have more development activities through the property tax, but there should be quality civic services in return, said chartered accountant anil agarwal.
managing director of metto super market in nayapalli md azim said: as entrepreneurs, we are already overburdened with huge hidden costs in the form of donations to social functions and seasonal celebrations.
so, the civic body should try to strike a fine balance while enhancing the taxes on the business organisations.
once the property tax gets the nod, we can have more money to take up more and more people-oriented projects, he said.
we are still getting less as compensation for the abolition of the octroi or entry tax by the state government.
once the property tax come into force, our financial situation will change, said municipal commissioner krishan kumar.
the bmc has roughly 1.
5 lakh holdings, but only 87,000 are under the holding tax net and the rest are yet to be assessed.
experts are of the opinion that once the property tax is in force and the civic body manages the tax net through a remote sensing and geographic information system (rs-gis), tracking the un-assessed holdings will be easy.
sandeep mishra(clockwise from top left) khandagiri-udayagiri, dhauli peace pagoda and city buses in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: visitors willing to explore the tourist spots in the city would be able to board buses that will provide end-to-end connection to those places.
the housing and urban development department will open the new bus routes.
it has approved three such routes, where the visitors will get uninterrupted bus services between kiit square and the lingaraj temple, janata maidan and kalinga stadium and the final one will be a part of city tour that will cover major places across the city.
we have decided to open the special routes keeping in view the incoming tourists to the city.
the tourism department has proposed the new routes, which has got the government's nod.
people will be able to reach out to the important destinations without much hassle, said a department official.
according to plans, the route between kiit square and lingaraj temple will cover 16.
5km, while the one between jantata maidan and kalinga stadium will cover 2.
8km.
the tour will connect tourists to popular destinations in demand on that day.
sources said the routes will change, according to the need of the tourists.
the city tour is specifically designed to facilitate the tourists.
we will finalise the routes periodically keeping in view the demand of the people, he said.
the core committee, making the city ready for the hockey world cup here in november, had proposed the idea of opening special routes for visitors, following which the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the tourism department made a survey and submitted potential routes.
we had threadbare deliberations with the tourism department officials and also took inputs from other experts in the field.
we had then submitted the list to the government for approval.
now that it is approved, we will make efforts to start running the buses on the new routes, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
people are happy with the decision.
we don't have any bus service to the lingaraj temple or anywhere at old town.
it forces us to take the private cab services.
it is a good move of the government to run buses to these sites, said old town resident jagannath patra.
tourists, however, asked for more such routes that will connect other important sites of the city.
there are a number of tourist attractions in the city.
if the government runs buses to all the sites, it would become affordable and easy for us to visit those places.
they should make efforts to open more such routes, said sambalpur resident nibedita rath, who visited khandagiri and udaygiri caves on saturday.
bhubaneswar, aug.
17: debasis acharya was taking a stroll round his apartment block around 7 this morning when he suddenly saw water gushing into the complex.
acharya, a deed writer and security chairman of kedargouri apartments near garage chhak on the cuttack-puri road, said: in no time our apartment complex was filled with around two feet of water.
i immediately rang up the councillor of ward no.
58, puspa das.
her personal assistant answered the phone and assured me of action.
however, when i called up again, none responded.
i also called police for help.
the water forced its way into the apartment complex after a part of the embankment of daya west canal gave way.
acharya said he had seen a crack in the boundary wall of the canal on august 15.
with the corporation slow to respond, the residents of the complex were marooned for more than an hour and a half.
finally, with help of fire brigade personnel, officials of the corporation blocked the breach.
the canal water is being diverted and efforts are on to drain out the water inside the complex, said a bhubaneswar municipal corporation official.
ramesh chandra acharya, 75, a retired judge, said he, too, had called the councillor and later the police.
however, i got no response.
i then called up mayor anantanarayanjena and culture and tourism minister ashok chandra panda.
it was only after 8am that pumps were deployed to drain out the accumulated water, he said.
manoranjan mishra, 47, a revenue inspector, who lives on the ground floor of the apartment, woke up this morning to find water entering his flat.
i was shocked.
the water was almost two feet deep and it took two hours for the level to drop, he said.
mishra said some electrical appliances at his residence had been damaged.
we pay holding tax on time.
but, this is the true picture of the 'smart city' that officials and minister keeps bragging about, he added.
daya canal water breaches its concrete embankment and (above) the waterlogged kedargouri apartmentsin bhubaneswar on wednesday.
pictures by ashwinee pati ranjan kumar sahoo, 43, an lic employee, accused the corporation of being totally indifferent towards those living in the area.
a contractor was awarded the work to construct the boundary wall of the canal after rain posed a threat.
however, no verification of their work experience had been done, sahoo alleged.
sahoo said the pain of the residents did not end here.
dirty water has seeped into the bore well that is used to ensure water supply to the flats.
the water pump has been damaged, he said.
the apartment complex has 200 flats and those on the ground floor were the worst affected.
sahoo said 47 flats on the ground floor had been affected by the waterlogging.
the parking lot was filled with water in the early morning, making it very difficult for those who had to go to office, he said.
councillor puspa das said on getting information she rushed to the spot immediately to address the woes of the residents.
i rushed to the spot immediately and ensured that work to control the flow of water into the complex was checked with the help of sand bags, she said.
rajesh kumar malia, the contractor carrying out the canal embankment repair work, said the breach in the wall occurred due to excess flow and accumulation of water on the culvert.
since the water did not flow through the culvert smoothly, high pressure had breached the canal wall.
minister ashok chandra panda said the construction of the boundary wall was sub-standard.
he said action would be taken against the contractor if he was found guilty as the residents had alleged.
a councillors' meeting to finalise the civic body's annual budget in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 12: the municipal corporation has decided to allocate funds separately to each of its wards this fiscal to ensure infrastructure development across the city.
increasing the amount this time, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation would provide rs 1.
5 crore to each of its 67 wards for taking up the projects as compared to last year's rs 1 crore.
the councillors would use the funds for construction of roads, drains and other such civic amenities.
in 2015, we had provided rs 70 lakh to each ward and later gave another rs 13 lakh in two instalments following the councillors' demands.
last year, we had given rs 1 crore at a time to the wards, which we increased this time to rs 1.
5 crore.
the councillors will spend the money and give us the expenditure details, said civic body's chief finance officer labanya sabar.
besides this, the civic body has also identified 25 rural wards to which it would provide an additional rs 30 lakh.
the wards have been identified based on their need and vulnerability.
the additional funds will help the councillor take up the development in a seamless manner without having to ask for funds time and again, said sabar.
the corporation took these decisions during its monthly council meeting held earlier this week.
the corporation has placed the final budget for the 2017-18 fiscal and provisioned rs 394.
59 crore.
the budget amount this year was around rs 291 crore less than last year since the administration has made a separate budget for the smart city projects.
our financial team had come up with the annual draft budget earlier this month and provisioned rs 384.
59, which was increased by rs 10 crore in the end based on the inputs of various stakeholders.
the final budget was presented and approved during the monthly council meeting.
now, it will be sent to the state government for approval, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said an important decision, taken during the council meeting, was to have parks and green space for the citizens in each of the 67 wards.
we have decided to construct parks in the wards where there are none.
the existing parks will be redeveloped, he said, adding that work was under way in three parks under a central scheme.
the civic body has also decided to take up new road and drain projects and cover the open drains across the city.
restoration of natural water bodies is another priority area where the city administration will focus more this year.
the civic body has also decided to create more properties such as community halls, day-care centres and banquet halls.
i think the budget this time is a balanced one.
the decision to increase the individual allotment of funds to the wards will let us carry out infrastructure developmental work in an uninterrupted manner.
earlier, we had to approach the officials a several times for more funds, which was tiresome and time consuming.
i hope the increased provision will boost development at the grassroots, said naren sahoo, the councillor of ward no.
36.
sandeep mishrasharp watch: the bhubaneswar municipal corporation office at kalpana square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: to ensure proper monitoring of various projects in the city, the municipal corporation has decided to start a dedicated project monitoring cell at its headquarters here.
the cell will have three professionals including a team leader versed in project management, a finance specialist and a procurement expert.
it will also have associates in each field.
the aim of the cell would be to support, monitor and manage various activities of the corporation.
sources said the cell would monitor various projects and activities of the civic body related to health and sanitation, slum development, disaster management, city beautification, citizen services, solid waste management, sewerage system, urban planning, online services, vending zones and parking zones.
we have a number of sections in our office such as for health and sanitation, civil affairs, tax and more.
however, there is need of a rigorous mechanism to monitor the activities of all these departments in an inclusive manner.
the upcoming cell will help us in that motive, said mayor anantanarayanjena adding a consultant will be hired to take care of the cell.
with the opening of the project monitoring cell, the civic body would be able to extend a wide range of services to the citizens on time.
we face several problems while undertaking various projects.
the experts of the cell will keep track of projects, find loopholes and suggest measures to overcome those.
it will help us in completing the projects on time, said a civic body official.
damana resident jyotiranjan sahoo said the corporation was the state's biggest urban local body that had an array of responsibilities for residents of the capital.
the civic body does come up with good projects for the city, but several of those are not completed for various reasons.
a monitoring cell will go a long way to ease the job of officials as well as the public, said sahoo, a retired state government employee.
plastic waste dumped on a roadside near ravi talkies square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 9: management of plastic waste is set to get better with the municipal corporation deciding to set up a rs 1.
4crore shredding unit near sainik school here.
the union government has come up with new plastic waste management rules that spell out the role and responsibilities of urban local bodies.
it is our duty to manage plastic waste and ensure its safe disposal.
the shredding unit will help achieve this goal, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the municipal corporation will implement the project with fund from the swachh bharat mission cell of the state government.
while the cell with fund 35 per cent of the total project cost, the municipal corporation will take care of rest of the money.
the civic body plans to enlist help of rag pickers for segregation of plastic waste, which will be shredded at the new unit and then be mixed with bitumen to be used for road construction.
the new plastic waste management rules also urge urban local bodies to use the material to construct roads.
we are yet to use recycled plastic in road construction.
however, we are in the process of formulating a plan for this.
we will begin the work with a pilot project in the state capital.
the plastic shredded in the new unit will be used for the purpose, said a senior official of housing and urban development department.
in march last year, the civic body had proposed to set up a dedicated plastic waste processing plant at its official dumping yard at bhuasuni.
however, the plan did not materialise because of opposition from villagers of daruthenga, which is a village adjacent to bhuasuni.
since we couldn't go ahead with our bhuasuni plant, we have decided to have a miniature facility near sainik school, said a civic official.
in addition, the civic body has also decided to begin the process of registering all who use plastic above 50 microns in the city.
the users - commercial establishments or small-scale vendors - will be charged per volume of plastic they are using.
the civic body will collect a minimum fee of rs 4,000 from the person or establishment using plastic.
there are some cities in the country as well as in the state, which have strictly banned plastic.
but this is not possible in a city like bhubaneswar where enforcement activities are weak.
the centre must have had this in mind while framing new rules, which will hopefully discourage the use of plastic, said badagada resident aditya bhoi.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department set higher targets for the corporation in augmenting revenue collection after the civic body had showed a good performance in increasing the collection in the 2017-18 fiscal.
according to the target fixed for the 2018-19, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has been asked to collect rs 65 crore alone from holding tax and rs 180 crore overall.
sources said the targets was fixed to encourage civic officials to continue good performance in augmenting revenue collection.
we constantly monitored the revenue collection status of the civic body in the previous fiscal and pestered the officials to take measures.
this has worked and the outcome is in front of us.
the civic body has broken its past records in the collection status, said a department official.
the revenue collection status of the civic body in the previous fiscal was rs 135 crore from various taxes and rent, which increased from rs 100 crore in the 2017-18 fiscal.
the civic body had collected rs 41 crore alone from holding tax, a record.
we opted for stringent measures to increase the revenue collection.
we warned the tax evaders of action, directed people to renew the trade licence or face action and these activities worked for us.
the tax collection was very good, and we want to continue the streak, said a civic official.
the department has not only asked the corporation but also four other municipal corporations and other urban local bodies to follow the suit and take steps to augment the revenue collection as the corporation did.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has set an example for others now, said the department official.
we possess the potential to increase our revenue collection by three-fold every year.
we need to re-assess the houses once again to increase the revenue out of holding tax, said jena.
he also warned the tax collectors, who were not doing their job properly.
we have received complaints about irregularity by tax collectors.
we are keeping an watch on them and will take strong action.
we are going to make the holding payment online to fight this aspect, said jena.
our correspondentthe demolition drive on the cuttack-puri road near lakshmi sagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the development authority on tuesday took up a major eviction-cum-demolition drive in lakshmi sagar to remove encroachments that will pave the way for restoration of fishery tank here.
the central eviction monitoring committee of the bhubaneswar development authority (bda) undertook the drive with police help and succeeded in freeing about 8,000sqft of government land.
the encroachment had come in the way of effort to revamp the fishery tank that is lying in neglect for several years.
the civic body had taken up the restoration job of the tank last year, but couldn't succeed due to the local problems.
civic officials went to the site with adequate manpower and carried out the drive with ease.
two excavators were engaged to demolish the unauthorised structures, said bda liaison officer s.s. mohanty said.
during the drive, the authorities have demolished seven temporary shed houses and one concrete structure.
besides, 10 temporary cabins, one newly constructed temple and a 400ft of boundary wall were also demolished on tuesday.
the demolition drive came as a major relief for the civic body since they were being blamed for taking too long to take up the project.
the government has sanctioned rs 6.
69 crore for restoration of the fishery tank, which is spread over 18.
99 acres.
in march last year, we got funds from the state government to revamp 14 ponds.
we did restore the smaller ponds on time, but faced problems of encroachment with bigger ones, including the fishery tank, said a civic body official.
we have collaborated with the development authority and planned to remove the hurdles for such projects.
we did it on tuesday and it would continue the same for other projects in later months, said jena.
students of rama devi women's university take part in a sanitation drive to create awareness about cleaniliness in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 7: the housing and urban development department has constituted a 12-member task force to design, implement and monitor the sanitation promotion programmes in the city.
the city sanitation task force will work to attain the goals under the swachh bharat mission and the odisha urban sanitation strategy, which aims to ensure better and healthy environment for citizens with streamlined cleanliness and awareness activities.
while the mayor will be the chairperson of the task force, the municipal commissioner will be the member-convener.
the city health officer, an official of public health engineering organisation, one person from a women self-help group and a person from a city-based voluntary organisation will be among the members of the task force.
we have constituted the committee with all possible stakeholders who could contribute to draw up plans to ensure better and cleaner environment in the city.
it is high time we achieved goals of the swachh bharat mission, said a housing and urban development department official.
the task force will expedite and streamline the process of ensuring sanitation in the city, said jena.
the task force will meet at least twice a month and chalk out plans as well as review the sanitary situation of the city with inputs from ground-level officials, said another official of the department.
the primary objectives of the swachh bharat mission are to reduce and eliminate the practice of open defecation through construction of individual and community toilets.
the mission also takes the initiative of establishing a mechanism for monitoring the use of latrines and having proper civic sense.
in february, the civic body had held a stakeholder consultation workshop to come up with a city sanitation plan based on the findings from wastewater, faecal sludge management and solid waste management in the city.
the stakeholders had reviewed the way things were done till then and had come up with a new city sanitation plan with special focus on faecal sludge management.
the new plan includes instructions on constructing septic tanks of the right size, release of wastewater in a safe manner, proper transportation of sludge and to ensure that surface or groundwater are not contaminated.
besides the task force, the state government has also hired 22 sanitation experts, who will assist different urban local bodies of the state to ensure cleanliness.
the government always forms committees and comes up with plans.
but it fails to ensure ground-level implementation.
i hope the plans work this time, said nayapalli resident mansi hota.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body organised a cleanliness drive along the kuakhai river on the city outskirts on wednesday night to provide a better ambience and cleanliness in the surrounding areas.
the drive, conducted in association with the kuakhai chhath puja samiti, continued into the morning to crate a better and cleaner space for rituals at the riverbank.
we had put additional sanitation officials on duty.
they swept the area at the riverside, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides cleaning along the approach road from the national highway to the riverbank and sprinkling bleaching powder along the way, civic authorities also put up designated toilets with adequate provide privacy for revellers.
chhath observers followed their annual ritual and descended to the kuakhai to offer their respects to the sun god.
thousands gather along the riverbanks to take part in the rituals with their families.
the ritual went on for four days.
on thursday, we worshipped the setting sun while on friday we will go to the riverbank again and worship the rising sun.
it is a good move to clean the area.
it definitely helped us perform the rituals in a cleaner environment, said dibyansh mishra, a resident of ggp colony.
he said chhath was an ancient festival and historically native to the madhesh province and mithila regions of nepal, bihar, jharkhand and uttar pradesh.
chhath puja is dedicated to the sun and his wife, usha.
we thank them for bestowing the bounties of life on earth and request the granting of certain wishes, said mishra.
the festival rituals are rigorous and are observed over four days.
these include holy bathing, fasting and abstaining from drinking water, standing in water for a long time, and offering prasad and arghya (offerings) to the setting and rising sun.
bhubaneswar, sept.
9: city police have planned to crack the whip on people parking their vehicles illegally on janpath creating traffic chaos.
the drive against illegal parking will begin next week and the police have planned to tow away vehicles parked illegally.
though janpath has been widened to an eight-lane road for smooth traffic flow, illegal parking on the road between vani vihar and sishu bhavan square is obstructing free movement of vehicles.
a senior traffic officer said illegal parking on the road not only created problems for commuters but also traders and others working in nearby areas.
despite writing to the authorities concerned for building parking lots along this road, nothing has been done.
we have been getting complaints about parking-related problems and will start a drive against unlawful parking, said the officer.
he also added that since there were no designated parking lots along the janpath despite many business establishments located along this road, the traffic police had allowed parking on the outer lanes on both the sides of the road till new parking spaces were built.
however, people keep parking their vehicles on the inner lanes during peak hours, creating heavy traffic jam.
the worst-affected portions along this road are between sishu bhavan square and rajmahal square, rajmahal square and master canteen square, master canteen square and kharavela nagar police station, near ram mandir and big bazaar square and from idbi square to rupali square.
we will tow away vehicles parked in the inner lanes and fine the offenders.
we will instruct the traders not to allow illegal parking in front of their shops and inform us if such incidents take place, said a traffic policeman.
traders at bapuji nagar had written to the cuttack-bhubaneswar police last year to provide them with parking lots.
though the city police had forwarded the letter to the public works department, which is carrying out the expansion work, and bhubaneswar municipal corporation that manages parking lots in the city, there had been no development till date.
people park their vehicles without thinking about the movement of other people or vehicles.
building owners on both sides of janpath are renting out their places for commercial purposes without thinking of parking problems.
the authorities must act against them, said sauribhushan lenka, a government employee.
deputy commissioner of police nitinjeet singh said they had identified 73 parking lots in the city for development.
these included several spots along janpath.
we had provided the report to the corporation, bhubaneswar development authorities, the general administration department and other parties concerned, but no action has yet been taken for developing these parking lots, said singh.
an official of the corporation said the expansion work of janpath was not complete.
the expansion work has been stopped near rajmahal square because of delay in the construction of a flyover there.
steps will be initiated very soon to develop these spaces into parking lots, said jena.
garbage dumped on a roadside near lingaraj temple in bhubaneswar.
picture by sanjib mukherjee bhubaneswar, oct.
17: in an urban development ministry poster, a child asks his father: what is the use of a new couch at home when we are going to sit on the railway tracks?
the word sit written on the poster stands for squat, sarcastically mentioning the prevailing problem of open defecation in the city - that has recently been tagged as the smartest in a central government survey.
as repeated appeals and door-to-door awareness programmes against the practice of open defecation have not yielded any expected results, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has now decided to go with multimedia campaign to fight the issue.
it will shortly launch asli tarakki under the swachh bharat mission to ensure complete sanitation in the city.
the corporation has identify 12 of the all 67 wards where open defecation is rampant, mainly because of the existence of a number of slums.
some of the main slums include salia sahi, haldipadai, sundarpada, patna sahi, jadupur, puruna sahi, dumduma, nua bhoi sahi, tarini basti, kela sahi, bhagabati basti, mati sahi, kusapadia sahi and more.
according to the campaign guidelines, the corporation will put up banners and posters across the city referring to the benefits of urban sanitation.
the campaign will mainly focus on educating people about the ill effects of open defecation.
the aim here is to ensure that the city is free from open defecation, which is one of the important components of the swachh bharat mission.
the corporation is aiming to improve their rank in the forthcoming swachh survekshan ii with the present move.
the urban development ministry has prepared some posters in this regard in odia and seven other national languages and asked us to print the same and put those up at vulnerable locations.
once the festive season gets over, we will start putting up the posters at the identified places, said a civic body official.
according to the union ministry's guidelines, the corporation will put up such posters on walls along railway tracks, near forest areas and water bodies.
we got directives from the union ministry about the launch of the national-level campaign.
we are happy that the ministry has prepared the posters in odia.
we will put up the posters.
it will definitely bring a change, said jena.
the city is now smart, so it is time for the people to get smart.
they need to understand the bad impact of open defecation for the betterment of environment.
recently jaundice had hounded the residents.
the reason cited by experts was faecal contamination, which is a result of open defecation.
it should be checked, said damana resident jayant mishra.
in another move, the civic body is also planning to bring in a revised city sanitation plan and targets to declare it free from open defecation by march 2018.
at present, the officials are distributing work orders at various slum settlements for construction of individual household latrines.
so far, nearly 2,000 such latrines have been constructed.
the municipal officials are distributing work orders for construction of latrines, but they are irregular in it.
there are nearly 300 households in our slum, but only 200 houses here have got the benefit.
what will happen to the remaining 100?
also they are providing a mere rs 5,000 for the purpose, which is indeed not enough, said palasuni resident tutu mohanty.
on this, a senior civic body official said the amount for the individual household latrine was fixed according to the swachh bharat mission guidelines.
an individual household latrine with thatched roof could easily be constructed from the given amount.
moreover, we are getting the fixed amount from the union government and distributing the same to the beneficiaries.
it is not feasible to provide more money from our annual budget, said the official.
ongoing renovation work at the haja pokhari in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 16: the civic body has taken up restoration of 14 water bodies, including de-weeding and de-silting, to return them to their former state across the city.
water bodies are the lifelines of the city.
they need to be restored whenever there is development work as they provide a cooling effect on the environment.
they also act as a catalyst in restoring the water-based ecosystem.
we have revised the cost for few of the ponds and begun their renovation on a war footing, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body has raised rs 16.
81 crore from the odisha urban infrastructure development fund for the renovation for the entire project.
the water bodies being restored are nilakantha pond, masjid pond, sadhua pond, maa ugalmani pond, gadakana pokhari, bhotopada tank, balunkeswar pond, jena sahi pokhari, fishery pond, kapileswar pond, jharpokhari, baghua pond, badapokhari and haja pokhari.
sources said all these ponds would be de-silted and de-weeded.
they will also have a retaining wall where land parcels are available, fencing, benches for visitors and lighting arrangement to provide a recreational space to localities around the local water bodies.
we plan to construct a wastewater diversion drain at haja pokhari.
it will have a parikrama or walkway.
we will try to give it a park-like look with a retaining wall to prevent damage to the pond area, said city engineer dwaipayan pattanaik.
he said there were plans to construct two hybrid toilets, provide adequate lighting, an approach road from the nearby main road and parking facility at the location.
according to pattanaik, the sundarpada-jatni road and adjoining areas have already seen rapid growth in housing and population had increased manifold and the renovation, landscaping and beautification of haja pokhari would provide a good option for recreation for people living in the area.
another important water body on other side of the city, fisheries pond in lakashmi sagar, has an important history of fisheries development.
it will be renovated for rs 6.
69 crore and will have similar facilities like the ones at haja pokhari.
however, it will have only one hybrid toilet.
at present, renovation of maa ugalmani pond and bhotapada tank have already been completed, while it is in progress for 11 other water bodies.
in the case of baghua pond, the executing agency has completed dewatering it and sources said it would be renovated by the end of may.
water bodies are important for the city.
they ensure sustainability in the environment.
we will have quality atmosphere near the water bodies during early morning and evening after the renovation.
it is a good initiative and i hope the work is finished shortly, said hemanta panda, a resident of lakshmi sagar.
sources said 95 per cent work on the nilakantha pond in patia and 80 per cent for the jena sahi pokhari in jharpada was done.
the progress on balunkeswar tank in nayapalli is at 70 per cent, while masjid pokhari in haridaspur and sadhua pond in pahala have already undergone 60 per cent renovation each.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: claimed to be the country's biggest and the city's first, the intelligent city operations and management centre, which will enable various government agencies to co-ordinate with each other in a hassle-free manner and ensure quick service delivery to the people, is set to get operational by the end of this month.
now being called the bhubaneswar operation centre, the authorities will be able to monitor, operate, and control various kinds of services - including traffic management, incident management, surveillance, emergency services and disaster management - from the office.
other modules will also be integrated into the system to provide real-time decision support.
the construction for the upcoming centre inside bmc bhawani mall at saheed nagar is nearing completion.
we are targeting the make the centre operational by the end of june.
it will pose the brain of the city as an array of services will be delivered through this center, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
chief minister naveen patnaik also visited the facility on thursday evening to take stock of the work going on there.
the command control centre will improve the speed and efficiency of service delivery by the city through proper inter-agency co-ordination with police, fire services and health facilities, said managing director of bhubaneswar smart city limited krishan kumar.
visiting the facility, naveen tweeted: visited upcoming #smartcity control room of @bscl_bbsr at saheed nagar.
satisfied with scale & quality of command control centre that incorporates most advanced tech to ensure safety, security of citizens & provide public services.
it will take smart city governance to next level.
this state-of-the-art centre is equipped with a massive video wall of more than 100-foot length with 16x2 configuration of 70-inch panels.
this will be used to monitor traffic management, large volume of close circuit television footage, highly sophisticated sensor data and emergency services among others.
the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl), special purpose vehicle executing smart city projects here is taking care of this project too.
sources said this centre will provide a digital platform for integrating multiple city sub-systems of traffic management, parking, public transport and common payment card along with effective emergency response.
our correspondentnew look: an artist's impression of the proposed revamp plan for the sachivalaya margbhubaneswar: sachivalya marg is all set to witness a complete transformation with bhubaneswar smart city limited coming up with a plan to turn this stretch into an urban parkway with integration of landscape, greenery and public plazas.
the transformation will be done in line with the street design guidelines prepared by the bhubaneswar development authority.
the proposed design of sachivalaya marg - from airport square to acharya vihar square - is envisaged to be a complete street with equitable road space for all users such as pedestrians, cyclists and motor vehicles.
the street will bring in new experience for pedestrians, especially the children, as it will have play areas, activity zones and wider footpaths on both sides.
we will also increase the green cover on the stretch.
we will not cut the existing trees, but do a translocation of those, said a bscl official.
the streetscape will ensure consistent motorable road space of six lanes from the existing four for smooth traffic flow.
provisions will be made to create dedicated service lanes near offices and institutions to minimise obstruction on the main travel lanes, thereby reducing the chances of accidents.
special focus will be given for preparing safer junction designs, including raised tabletop crossings, to facilitate easy road crossings for pedestrians.
in line with the proposed modernisation of city bus service and augmentation of the fleet, the redeveloped street will have multiple bus stops on each side and optimum spacing to ensure easy access to public transport.
besides, the authorities have also planned to undertake redevelopment of the connecting streets, including udyan marg, rajpath, mahatma gandhi marg, madhusudan marg and baya baba mart.
as part of this network, each street will be designed with specific requirements.
mahatma gandhi marg will be beautified with pedestrian plazas, while ag square and rajpath will have design interventions to improve traffic.
the street template has got the government nod, and we are ready to rigorously implement it for the city streets.
each and every street of the city - be it small or large - will be redeveloped in uniformity.
the redevelopment of sachivalaya marg will be undertaken simultaneously with that of janpath, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sources said that once done, the street will have provisions for creating appropriate parking facilities near vending zones, offices and institutions, along with addition of public conveyance facilities such as seating areas, benches, street furniture, eco-toilets, water atms, public plazas, information kiosks and directional signage among others.
sachivalaya marg is indeed one of the major and important stretches of the city housing the secretariat and assembly among other offices.
it is a well-planned road, but in the absence of medians, violation of lanes is rampant here, posing a threat to commuters and pedestrians.
it should be taken care of while redeveloping the street, said biswas rath, a secretariat employee.
a replica of the flexi toilet.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, feb.
4: the municipal corporation will get money from the odisha urban infrastructure development fund to execute the much-awaited flexi-toilet project in the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation in january last year decided to set up around 100 flexi toilets at various locations across the city.
the project was unique since the flexi toilets would be movable structures that could be shifted elsewhere at any time based on requirements.
the state housing and urban development department had called a meeting earlier last month to discuss funding of the project and decided to supply the funds from the urban infrastructure body.
we had a preliminary meeting, and the final modalities will be decided on shortly, said a department official.
earlier, the civic body had decided to execute the project with financial assistance from various private agencies.
the project report is ready.
it has also been approved in the corporation meeting.
we had been called by the government and seen a presentation on the flexi toilets, said a senior civic body official.
sources said it would be easy shift the flexi toilets from one place to another.
the walls of the urinals will be made of fibre while the base will be concrete.
such toilets can be easily moved from one place to another.
it will also be cost effective and easy to maintain, said the official.
we are competing in a national-level cleanliness survey and provision for adequate public toilets is one of the parameters on which the city will be judged.
we will expedite the process to set up the flexi toilets in the city shortly, said jena.
the toilets will be for both women and men.
there will be two, four and six units in the urinals.
six such urinals will be put up on the stretch from janpath to vani vihar to sishu bhavan square.
the lack of public toilets has always been a cause for concern in the city.
however, with the recent developments, the civic body is in the process of executing a project called hybrid toilet, via which more than 150 toilets will be set up over the next three years.
the 100 flexi toilets will be in addition to that.
urinating in the open is rampant in the city since there are very few public toilets in the city.
it's especially a problem for the ladies.
the few that exist are difficult to use because they are dirty and decrepit.
i hope the civic body considers this issue seriously and executes the projects on time, said patia resident girija rath.
a pavement being built at nayapalli in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 15: the state housing and urban development department has launched a web-based tool to track infrastructure projects in urban areas.
the web-based monitoring tool, mo-pride, will keep a watch on various completed and ongoing projects.
the department aims to monitor the status of the projects ensure completion of new ones on time and timely repair and maintenance of old ones.
officials using the tool will have a user id and a password, which they will use to log in to the system and update the status of projects.
there will be a city-wise database under the portal where officials will upload information about various infrastructure projects.
the portal can be accessed by ground-level officials and the executing authorities to update the status of projects, said a housing and urban development department official.
sources said all kinds of infrastructure projects, including road, drain, bridge, flyover, drinking water and parks, would be monitored through this portal.
the portal will provide real-time information on the projects.
it will help us monitor their status with ease, said the official.
officials will start logging into the system to update the data and status of the projects.
it will help complete new projects on time and also monitor the situation of the completed ones, said jena.
the department had already introduced two such portals, planplus and actionsoft, for citizens to provide their suggestions on the planning processes of different infrastructure projects related to road, water supply, park and drain.
while planplus takes suggestions from citizens, actionsoft acts as a monitoring portal for the suggested projects.
the new portal, however, has been developed for official use.
in a technology-driven world, it is important to have such tools in place to avoid manual work.
it not only saves time, but also money for the government, said unit-iii resident jayant rath, a retired government employee.
residents also feel that the portal will help in the timely completion of development projects that the administration has undertaken under the smart city mission.
i hope that the portal will be used extensively by the officials concerned.
it will simultaneously contribute to completion of the new projects on time, said niranjan mishra, a resident of patia.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body will shortly begin a month-long drive to clean and maintain the public and community toilets across the city.
the move has been prompted by a directive of the union government asking the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to make the facilities fit for public use.
the drive will begin around the end of this month.
the directive mentioned some of the problems areas in the toilets and sought their immediate redressal.
the problems include poor maintenance, encroachment, lack of light or water, unsafe building and bad behaviour of the person in charge of the facility.
the civic body is planning to organise street plays right in front of the toilets to create awareness among people about the benefits of using the facilities.
it also plans to distribute leaflets and pamphlets among people to encourage them to use toilets.
we have been constantly asking people to use toilets.
earlier, there were few toilets in the city.
but, the number has doubled now.
now, we have more than 100 toilets in the city, almost half of which are newly constructed.
however, the attitude of the people, particularly the slum dwellers, has hardly changed when it comes to toilets.
we need to continue sensitising them, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body will also take feedback of the persons using the toilets and make surprise visits to the facilities to take stock of their situation and the behaviour of the person in charge.
it is important to maintain the facility before asking people to use them.
if the toilets are well maintained, people will definitely use it, said jena.
in april, the civic body had installed devices at some 25 toilets to receive user feedback on the facilities.
now, civic officials are planning to install more such devices.
most of the old toilets are in a bad condition.
these facilities need periodic maintenance.
however, the new facilities are remarkably better maintained and are well equipped with basic things, such as light and water, said resident of tankapani road jayanta hota.
but all toilets, regardless of whether those are old or new, should have these basic facilities, he added.
a volunteer speaks to slum dwellers in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 10: seventy-year-old pramila patra, a resident of kathagola basti in bapuji nagar, has spent most of her free time over the past few days talking to her neighbours about the health hazards and environmental impact of open defecation.
her neighbour, banita naik, has gone a step further by constructing a toilet in her home, with little or no help from her husband.
pramila and banita, although working in their individual capacities, are just two of the hundreds of people who are trying to realise the civic body's dream of a clean, open-defecation free capital city.
bhubaneswar municipal corporation and bhuban-eswar smart city limited (bscl), its special purpose vehicle for implementing the smart city project, have joined hands to make the city clean under the swachh bharat mission.
they have formed two squads of volunteers, nighrani committee and banar sena, for realising that goal as quickly as possible.
these volunteers will take part in awareness campaigns and convince people about the need to make bhubaneswar garbage and open defecation free.
the campaign will mainly focus on the bhubaneswar town centre district along janpath.
the squads have already hit the ground running with volunteers working on convincing slum residents about the health hazards of open defecation as well as its enviromental impact.
the citizen groups and individuals have contributed a lot by motivating people, especially slum dwellers, to make the city free from open defecation and achieve the cleanliness dream, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the groups have been closely watching the activities of slum dwellers and have also sought to prevent them from polluting their surroundings.
civic body and bscl officials are helping the volunteers.
local councillor mahamaya swain was full of praise for pramila and banita.
they have sent a message to the neighbourhood and it has made people think.
their work is inspiring others.
'' the civic body has already decided to declare the entire town centre district area open defecation free on august 15.
as part of the initiative, it has targeted the nearly 25 slums in the area.
the bscl has also constituted a team, calling it a feedback foundation, which is looking after the initiative alongside the groups and the individuals.
a private security personnel died on the railway tracks near satya nagar last month while he was answering nature's call in the morning.
this has had domino effect in the area and instilled fear among the slum dwellers about such practices.
there is a need to motivate people to construct toilets so that they would not have to defecate in the open and face such tragedies, said saheed nagar area councillor saswati mishra.
bhubaneswar, feb.
18: the public works department along with the civic body and the development authority will shortly ensure barrier-free access for specially-abled people at 21 major public places in the city.
the initiative comes as part of the accessible india campaign of the union government, which asked the local authorities to identify and put up adequate infrastructure at major public places to provide easy access to specially-abled people.
earlier, the authorities had identified 10 places, which has now been raised to 21.
the plan is to install ramps, construct tracks for wheelchair passage and tactile paving (a system of textured ground surface indicator found on footpaths, stairs and train station platforms to assist pedestrians who are blind or visually impaired).
the administration will spend rs 6.
7 crore for the purpose.
while the works department will take on the project on buildings, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the bhubaneswar development authority will do the same in recreational areas.
it is necessary to provide access to specially-abled people to the government buildings and recreational zones.
we had taken inputs from this section of the society while preparing the smart city proposal last year.
the work will begin shortly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the government buildings where the barrier-free access will be provided are the jaydev bhavan, hare krishna mahatab state library, the heads of departments building, state museum, secretariat, capital hospital, commissionerate police, rabindra mandap, rajdhani college, bjb autonomous college and the rajeev bhavan.
the indira gandhi park and the biju patnaik park will also have barrier-free access.
we have already received funds for the project.
we are hopeful of completing the work within six months, said an authority official.
we had to depend on somebody while entering any prominent government office here.
i hope that the government will expedite the work and finish it on time, said gajendra pradhan, a visually impaired employee at the blind association.
sandeep mishrathe proposed parking area.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will turn the nicco park road that connects sachivalaya marg with bidyut marg into a full-fledged parking zone for visitors to the kalinga stadium here.
the decision has been taken keeping in view a number of major and minor sports event being organised at the stadium - for which the need for a proper parking zone is felt.
sources said the nicco park road had been identified to be the most suitable site for the purpose since it was closest to the stadium.
the facility will be used extensively during the upcoming men's hockey world cup scheduled in november.
we found the parking facility in kalinga stadium inadequate.
we, therefore, looked for an alternative site, said an official of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
the 1km road is under-utilised and has varied width at various parts.
residents of nuasahi and nayapalli mainly use the road.
besides, the visitors to nicco park use the on-street parking facilities.
we will redesign the road in a parallel manner.
there will be parking bays for various kinds of vehicles, including four-wheelers and two-wheelers, said the official.
this facility will be kept reserved mainly for the visitors to the stadium.
we hope that this facility will come handy during the hockey world cup.
we will come up with the plans and complete the conversion before november, said jena.
after the asian athletics championship in 2017, the stadium has become a favourite venue for hosting various local, national and international sports event of hockey, tennis, football and more.
the vending zone at unit-iv in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 23: the municipal corporation has decided to provide shops to street vendors, who were earlier identified in a survey.
after introduction of the odisha street vendors (protection of livelihood and regulation of street vending) scheme in 2015, the municipal corporation had hired a private partner to undertake a survey and plan their relocation and rehabilitation.
the survey, which ended recently, has found nearly 21,000 such vendors.
sources in the municipal corporation said the survey was undertaken in all 67 wards of the city to identify vendors who run roadside eateries, vegetable, book, fish and meat shops.
the identified vendors will be rehabilitated in the existing or upcoming vending zones, as well as specially designed shops, they added.
the identified street vendors have been provided with certificates.
if they want to continue vending, they will have to apply before the town vending committee of the civic body.
the committee after a second round of verification will allot shops to the eligible vendors following the rules, said a senior civic body official.
according to the new regulation, the street vendors will be provided with separate certificates and identity cards for vending.
after paying the requisite fees, they will be allowed to vend in the city.
moreover, the corporation will maintain a central registry to record and trace information about the vendors.
the aim is to bring all street vendors into the fold.
the new scheme will not only prove beneficial for the vendors, but also for the city.
vending at random places will disappear, said jena.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, along with the bhubaneswar development authority, had evicted more than 2,000 vendors from various areas of the city over the years.
officials claimed that all the evicted vendors have been rehabilitated in the 43 vending zones of the municipal corporation across the city.
it is a good move by the civic body to relocate us.
we support the initiative, but the civic body should ensure proper relocation.
if i am vending at kharavela nagar, i should be provided an alternative shop there only and not anywhere else.
this should be ensured by the civic body, said barun yadav, a panipuri shop owner here.
sandeep mishracollected plastic waste at a junk dealers shop at ashok nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: smaller towns such as sambalpur and balangir have enforced a complete ban on the use of plastic below 40 microns, but the wait is on for the capital city to follow suit.
ironically, the state capital, considered to be odisha's biggest urban local body, has not been able to ban the use of plastic or enforce the new plastic waste management rules that the centre notified in march 2016.
in terms of manpower and administration, bhuban-eswar is much bigger.
it is a shame for the city administration not to take concrete steps in this matter, said social worker minaketan sahoo.
after the centre issued the plastic waste management rules last year, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had held meeting with the state pollution control board to frame byelaws.
in october last year, the board had started registering plastic manufacturing firms under the new rules.
retailers and other shops using plastic were also registered in the inventory.
the corporation was also asked to come up with a report to set up a plastic waste management facility here.
we have come up with a project report for the execution of plastic waste management facility and submitted it to the government for approval.
we have also planned to set up a plastic shredding unit near sainik school, which is under process, said a senior civic body official.
we need to consider the burden of the waste in the city and fix the user charges accordingly.
the pollution control board will fix the charges and set the rules while we will implement it by spirit, said jena.
corporation insiders said the civic body was less likely to ban the use of plastic, but will collect charges from those using it.
banning plastic here is not possible.
one clause in the new rules enables us to charge retailers a monthly amount for providing plastic carry bags to customers.
this is basically to discourage the use of plastic.
we will do it, said a civic body official.
sandeep mishraa civic sanitation worker cleans the street in front of rajarani temple in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body's revised plans for city's sanitation will include inputs from residents of the state capital following a decision to ask for feedback from citizens.
the housing and urban development department has asked the civic body to conduct a door-to-door campaign and get to the root of sanitation-related problems in the city and incorporate those in its sanitation plan to resolve the issues.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will ask citizens to air suggestions, feedbacks and grievances on cleanliness for their own future benefit.
citizens can provide inputs on lack of waste bins, irregular sweeping or cleaning activities, non-lifting of garbage, overflowing drains and the need of public, community or individual toilets.
officials will compile the data and draft a sanitation plan.
earlier, the civic body's draft sanitation plan put focus on safe disposal of faecal sludge that was seen a major reason for the outbreak of water-borne diseases here.
the civic body has since ensured that faecal sludge is not released into open drains.
according to the government's latest strategy, the sanitation plans need to be periodically revised.
we discovered that faecal sludge needed to be treated properly since we were focussed on it earlier, but now there is a need to revise the plan according to requirements, said a civic official.
we will form separate teams that will roam the wards to get suggestions from the public.
in this way, we will be able to get to the root of the problems, said jena.
sources in the housing and urban development department said other urban local bodies in the state would follow a similar procedure to make a sanitation plan.
each city has its own problems.
one plan will not work for different urban local bodies and, as a result, we decided to have separate plans for separate cities, said the department official.
gopabandhu nagar resident dibyansh ojha said there was a need to involve local residents in the urban planning system.
we are the ones who face problems and we can suggest solutions to the problems.
it is a welcome move to take our opinions to resolve those problems, said ojha.
our correspondentvolunteers take part in a cleanliness camp at anjali childrens festival in bhubaneswar on thursday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has used the anjali children's festival to spread awareness about effective management of waste.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has collaborated with various artists and created a sculpture using discarded electronic materials that at the fest.
the sculpture that has a hand pointing out to nature intends to spread the message to save the earth.
the plan is to create a set-up that will draw attention and spread awareness on effective management of electronic waste.
the corporation wants to convey message that the waste generator should take responsibility of its proper disposal.
one of the themes of anjali this time is 'zero waste'.
it means no generation of waste on the premises.
the theme aimed to generate awareness among the students for effective management of waste.
we have put up colour bins and are also holding workshops to sensitise everyone on the issue, said bijayan das, the sculptor.
he said they had come up with an idea to create a set-up out of electronic waste, one of the most hazardous and difficult to dispose of.
we have made the structure out of iron.
we are collecting various e-waste materials such as laptop and mouse to add those to the structure.
this will be used to complete the sculpture, said das.
sources said the civic body would install the sculpture at one of the major junctions in the city.
the civic body is interested in taking over the sculpture after the festival.
they will install it at some junction, said das.
the civic body is making efforts to have a proper system for the management of e-waste in the city.
we have already partnered with international finance corporation for management of e-waste.
we are doing our best to sensitise the people on the same through such platforms, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to the state pollution control board, the government generates roughly 5,000 tonnes of electronic waste a year, a major chunk of which is being generated in bhubaneswar every year.
at present, there is no exact data on how much e-waste the city generates, but the civic body is in the process of creating a database for the same.
residents gather in front of a water atm at jharana sahi after it began functioning again following restoration of power supply in bhubaneswar on thursday.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, oct.
27: the water atms, which functioned only for 10 days after their inauguration on august 31, have finally started to work.
the authorities had woken up to the problem after the telegraph reported on the situation on october 24.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) had expedited the process and secured power supply to the machines today.
power officials visited the sites and provided the permanent connection today.
people can get the card and can also use coins to get water from the atms, said jena.
the announcement of the ambitious project was made in 2014.
after two years, the city got three water atms at jharana sahi, patrapada and pokhariput.
however, all the three machines stopped functioning only 10 days after inauguration because the officials disconnected power supply.
of the three atms, the one at jharana sahi is considered important because of the slum's location near the chief minister's residence.
earlier this year, 50 residents of the slum had to be treated for jaundice due to unavailability of clean drinking water.
i hope the water atm will now function smoothly and cater to our needs, said chinmay jena, a jharana sahi resident.
the city civic body had entered into an agreement last july with piramal sarvajal for installation of 40 water atms and construction of four water treatment plants in the city.
we are committed to serve the people of the city.
we have successfully started the first three atms and has asked our partner to expedite the process to finish the project by january, said the mayor.
the civic body plans to begin issuing smart cards to the people for using the atms. anyone could get the prepaid card for using the facility by paying rs 50, which will have a top-up balance of rs 20.
users will be charged 60 paise for a litre of water.
people without smart cards can insert a one-rupee coin in the atms and get a litre of water at a time.
bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena receives a greeting card from children at his office.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, jan.
23: two-time mayor of the city a.n. jena has decided to connect with residents of the city on facebook.
jena, who was recently elected mayor of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation for the second time in a row, said he would open a facebook account and welcome the people to communicate with him on it about their grievances.
this account would be like a complaint redress and suggestion-welcoming forum.
i will appoint one person to take care of the account.
his work will be to regularly check the account and make note of the mails, posts and comments coming from the citizens.
i will then reply the mailers back and instruct the officials to address the issues as soon as possible, said the mayor.
jena told the telegraph about this plan while addressing some residents issues at his office yesterday.
he said it was not possible to address the problems of all through the face-to-face meeting at his office.
besides, he also gets complaints that even after instructions to the officials, works are not done in many areas.
at present, the civic body has its grievance redress mechanism through sanjog helpline.
it even has system for checking the status of ones grievance.
the street lights in our area remained defunct for several months, we had been complaining through the helpline number, but to no avail.
we met the mayor and he instructed the officials, following which the work was done.
if the facebook account is opened, we will directly complain to the mayor and our problems would be solved faster, said gayatri vihar resident nishikant rout.
jena said the account would be opened by the end of this month.
i have a limited period of time to listen to the public.
after the facebook account is opened, people can put their issues directly on the wall and there is no need for them to visit to the corporation office.
i will try through the proper channel to address their issues faster.
people can post their comments.
in case of issues not addressed action would be taken against the concerned officials, said jena.
sandeep mishrafilthy: wastewater spills onto nh-5 near fire station square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: an overflowing drain on the nh-5 near fire station square has made life miserable for daily commuters and residents of the problem.
the drain near a two-wheeler showroom opposite fire station square has chok-ed and wastewater has been flowing onto the road for the past three days.
local residents alleged that the administration was not doing anything to repair the drain despite repeated requests.
it is not the first time that the drain is overflowing on the highway.
it has become a regular affair.
we lodged several complaints with the civic authorities urging them to repair the drain, but without any result, said prafulla jena, a resident of gaja vihar.
the situation is getting worse with every passing day as continuous movement of vehicles on the sewage-logged highway is spreading the wastewater further to the surroundings.
the water smells filthy.
i have no idea how people are living in the area, said dibakara maharatha, a daily commuter.
a similar situation occurred on khandagiri square last month when two parallel drains choked and overflowed onto the highway.
local residents were forced to hit the street and stage a road blockade to wake up the civic body to take action.
this is summertime and this is just a trailer of what we are about to witness in the coming monsoon.
the entire area submerges in water if it rains heavily and the administration seems not at all bothered to address the issue, said nityananda sarangi, a resident of surya nagar.
during monsoon, several parts of the nh-5 witness severe waterlogging due to poorly-dredged drains that overflow onto the street.
the works department had last year decided to construct parallel drains along the highway to check the problem.
but all the plans as of now lie on pen and paper only.
mayor anantanarayanjena however assured of taking immediate action to repair the drain near fire station square.
i will instruct our officials to take up the repair immediately.
the parallel drains will also be constructed soon, he said.
garbage dumped near bhubaneswar railway station.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 12: nearly three months after the bhubaneswar station was adjudged seventh in the country in a cleanliness survey conducted by the irctc, the city administration is now taking measures to ensure that its vicinity is equally clean.
the station had competed with 407 other railway stations in the survey held in march.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will draw up plans to frame a separate guideline that will ensure complete cleanliness around the city railway station.
the current move of the civic body came as part of a directive issued by the ministry of urban development recently.
according to the proposed guidelines, the civic body will make arrangements for dustbins at convenient locations and dispose of municipal solid waste collected in these bins.
the civic authorities will also have to provide mobile toilets on the railway station premises to prevent defecation on the tracks and nearby areas.
following his visit to the railway station on february 16, bhubaneswar municipal commissioner krishan kumar had tweeted: sanitation around railway station not up to mark.
fines to be levied on railway station manger, hotels and vendors today.
will enforce same.
we have found that the railway station and the bus stand areas in the city are highly polluted and unclean.
we had taken a number of measures in the past to ensure cleanliness in these areas.
however, we also need public participation in the drive.
this time, we will enforce the rules in a stringent manner.
the violators will be fined accordingly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
henceforth, the railway authorities will remain responsible for cleanliness of the interior parts of the station.
they will ensure that all platforms are kept clean.
the waste from platform and railway tracks will be disposed of in accordance with the municipal rules.
the railway authorities will also have to maintain records of waste management in the area.
a few places inside the station area have become open dump yards, while at some other places, garbage bins are overflowing.
many passengers have complained against the foul stink from these dustbins.
it's just difficult to look at the railway tracks in the station and the stench is simply unbearable.
the platforms are, however, more or less clean, said a passenger sukanya mishra.
it is good that the station came seventh in the cleanliness survey.
now, the authorities should shift its focus to regular cleaning of the tracks.
this is a beautiful station and should be maintained properly, said mishra.
a senior railway official, however, said: we maintain cleanliness on the platforms and the waiting hall areas, but it is difficult to do the same on the tracks.
nearly 100 trains pass by these tracks everyday.
we have time and again requested people not to use toilets when the train is stationed, but they hardly abide by it.
the vicinity of the station also needs immediate attention.
it has visibly become an open-air toilet for the nearby slum dwellers.
only one sulabh toilet is there outside the station apart from a few inside the railway station.
public toilet or urinal in this station area is a necessity.
railway station or bus stand must have bathrooms.
the administration should look into this matter, said sukanta nath, a local resident.
motorcycles parked at unit-i market in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 10: booking a table at your favourite restaurant is pass.
get ready to pre-book parking space for cars and two-wheelers using a mobile app.
bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) is going to make it possible for you to do just that with a mobile phone application that will be launched for smooth management of parking facilities here.
bscl, the special purpose vehicle of the smart city projects, has decided to introduce the smart parking app, using which people can pre-book parking space at any designated parking lot of the municipal corporation and also make hassle-free cashless payments.
we have decided to develop this application for the citizens.
the mobile application would not only help citizens but also officials to track and monitor irregularities in the parking lots.
it will help in the smooth management of the parking services in the city, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to the plan, the mobile application will be regulated with a geo informatics system (gis) module.
it will have a map with legends identifying parking lots along with capacity and current availability.
officials said the parking lots operated by the municipal corporation and private contractors would be integrated in the mobile application.
a screenshot of the app availability of parking space and collection of parking charges would be monitored and maintained from the city command control centre that will be set up under the smart city project.
the mobile application would help in the smooth and safe management of the parking lots, said an official of the smart city project.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation now has 76 authorised parking lots of which 41 are managed through private operators.
while 29 are managed by the civic body, the remaining six are institutional parking.
the city will also have two multi-level parking facilities at saheed nagar and unit-ii under the smart city project.
in recent times, the civic body has received a lot of flak for irregularities in the parking lots, increasing hooliganism of fake parking operators, harassment of citizens by parking lot operators and collection of additional charges from the users.
earlier this month, the civic body had got four fake parking lot operators from ashok nagar arrested.
it is often difficult to differentiate the legal parking fee collectors from the fake ones.
you park your vehicle anywhere and a man will come up and ask for parking fees.
some give you a receipt and charge money according to the fixed price while others don't.
there is an urgent need to streamline this service, said ankit parida, a resident of bapuji nagar.
our correspondentsorry state: (from left) n3 park at nayapalli, the civic bodys park at vip colony-crp square and n5 irc village lie in neglect in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: residents have alleged bias on part of the civic body and development authority for development and maintenance of colony parks in different localities.
the city administration was focussed on the development of only the bigger parks, such as indira gandhi park, biju patnaik park, madhusudan das park and buddha jayanti park, spending thousands in their maintenance while turning a blind eye to the colony parks, the residents alleged.
the administration has amended the opening and closing timings of bigger parks.
those have got play areas, skating rinks, gyms and other facilities.
but even the plants are not trimmed regularly at the colony parks, said nayapalli resident dibakar meher.
a visit by the telegraph to few such parks at nayapalli, unit-ii, acharya vihar and kharavela nagar revealed that many of these facilities were closed, while overgrowths had taken over in a few others.
the n3 park at nayapall, on the other hand, has been encroached upon.
it is biased of the administration to focus on the bigger parks.
we want to spend time here in the evenings as it is not always possible to visit the bigger parks.
they should take steps to improve the facilities, said kharavela nagar resident jagannath ojha.
the development authority maintains 65 parks in different parts of the city.
of these, 40 are smaller parks located in residential areas.
the civic body controls 28 colony parks, maintained in collaboration with respective resident welfare associations.
the colony parks developments are a collaborative effort.
while we develop the parks, it is the welfare associations that maintain those.
the parks remain closed in several places according to the requirement of local residents, said a civic official.
acharya vihar residents said they had never seen the park in their locality open at any time of the day.
there is a senior citizens' forum that takes care of the park.
they think that if they open the park, we will ruin the facility.
the civic body should look after it, said purna sahu, an ias aspirant living here.
mayor anantanarayanjena has assured to look into the matter.
i will direct our environment officials to see if there are any outside influences in opening and maintaining the parks.
such attitude is not going to be tolerated.
we will also extend help to the resident welfare associations in proper maintenance of the parks, said jena.
sandeep mishrauneasy pictures: sanitation workers at the garbage dumpyard near sainik school and (right) a damaged bin at gajapati nagar in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body is working on war footing to ensure complete scientific management of solid waste and declare the city free of garbage by coming october.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) will come up with a month-wise action plan keeping in mind the swachh bharat mission deadline of october 2, 2019,the civic body will make efforts to set up the proposed compost plants and waste-to-energy plant and also ensure segregation of waste at source and also take steps to reduce the burden on the existing dumping yard.
we will convene a meeting with our officials to draft out the action plan for first month, which will take shape from next month.
we will then amend the plans after ascertaining the outcome of the first month's activities.
we will gather as many people as we can to achieve the targets, said a civic body official.
the decision came on the backdrop of a direction from the union ministry of housing and urban affairs where it has asked the city administration to concentrate on scientific management of solid waste instead of only taking steps to declare the city free from open defecation.
we are likely to achieve the national open defecation free target before the end of the mission.
however, solid waste management continues to pose a challenge and we need to expedite our efforts in this area in a very focused and concentrated manner in the remaining one and half year to achieve the objective of ensuring 100 per cent scientific management of municipal waste, reads a direction issued by the civic body.
the ministry has also prescribed components based on which the civic body could draft the action plan.
it includes taking steps to change the behaviour of the citizens to undertake source segregation of waste, reducing the burden on the dumping yard, proper collection of construction and demolition waste and collection of users fees from the citizens among others.
the direction and the guideline of the ministry will definitely help us come up with our specific plan.
our officials have already swung into action to prepare the plans and take up the activities.
we will take help of our cleanliness agents and voluntary organisations if required, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the municipal corporation has provided colour-coded dustbins to ensure segregation of waste at source.
it has also been taking steps to set up five compost plants at its temporary dumping ground near sainik school.
there are also plans to set up a waste-to-energy plant at its designated dumping yard at bhuasuni.
plans are good.
but there has to be ground-level implementation.
the city has improved in cleanliness parameters, but there is still a long way to go.
segregation of waste at source is missing despite providing the colour bins.
there has to be a bigger effort to implement such things, said kanak mohanty, a resident of niladri vihar.
not so swachh picture (clockwise from top left) garbage overflows from a vat and waste lies strewn on the road at the temple area in old town, the unhygienic condition of a slum and an unclean public toilet in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, oct.
2: two years after the swachh bharat mission was launched, the city is far from being clean.
much of the reason for the failure rests on the municipal corporation's apparent lack of concern to fulfil the mission's objectives of a clean and hygienic city by 2019.
launched two years ago on gandhi jayanti, the mission's failure is evident in the garbage strewn all over the city and the continuing practice of open defecation.
according to the fixed targets, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation was tasked to construct 15,208 individual household latrines during 2015-16 and another 19,596 during 2016-17 to make the city free from open defecation.
however, the civic body has so far managed to build only 1,924 latrines.
the government gives us rs 5,333 to build a household latrine, which is not enough.
moreover, in the absence of community toilets, we are forced to urinate and defecate in the open.
what will we do if the facilities are unavailable, where will we go?
the government is also irregular in distributing the money, said chinmayi jena of palasuni.
when it comes to the construction of public and community toilets, the civic body once again disappoints.
it was supposed to construct 27 public toilets and 26 community toilets in various parts of the city, but in reality only one public toilet has been built and not one community toilet.
according to standard norms, there should be one public toilet for every 100 persons.
so, the city needs 10,000 public toilets for its 10 lakh-odd population.
i don't think that the civic body will be able to provide us that many when they are unable to construct a mere 50 toilets.
they should think about it, said nayapalli resident krishna chandra rath.
in may, the civic body undertook constructing hybrid toilets under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut), which will serve the purpose of both community and public toilets.
the project was taken up in joint collaboration with sulabh international.
under the hybrid toilet project, the city was to get nearly 150 such facilities by the end of 2019.
again, the performance of the civic body has been poor.
sulabh, which will build the toilets, has only got 15 sites while the others are yet to be identified and taken over by the municipal corporation.
solid waste management is yet another failure.
according to the fixed target, the civic body was asked to complete the waste-to-energy plant at bhuasuni by the end of march.
but, not even a brick has been laid for the project.
another milestone to be achieved by the city civic was 100 per cent door-to-door collection of municipal solid waste followed by segregation and processing in a scientific manner.
so far, the civic body has covered 90 per cent of households in the city when it comes to door-to-door collection of waste, but segregation of the waste is almost zero.
mayor anantanarayanjena , however, defended the corporation's work and said hybrid toilets were being built on a war footing while the field was now clear to begin work on the waste-to-energy plant at bhuasuni.
we had problems at the bhuasuni dump yard recently, as local residents opposed the move.
but, we are determined and will begin work on the project.
we will take police protection if required, said jena.
bhubaneswar, july 16: the municipal corporation has decided to reduce the annual ward budget from rs 70 lakh to rs 40 lakh and the move has created a flutter among councillors here.
ward budget is given to councillors to develop civic infrastructure such as roads and drains in their respective wards.
the programme was introduced in 2008 with an annual budget of rs 50 lakh for each ward.
but in the last two years the annual outlay for each ward was raised to rs 70 lakh.
sources in the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) said pending dues of contractors had touched rs 73 crore.
to clear the staggering dues, the bmc had been forced to slash the ward budget.
it is in the preliminary stages and we will take the proposal to the council for discussion, he said.
however much jena might want to deny the move, bmc sources confirmed that the cut would happen and discussion by the council was a formality.
jenas words of assurance have failed to satisfy councillors.
pritinanda routray, councillor from ward no.
6, said: my ward was formed after the delimitation process in august last year.
i need more funds to improve the existing infrastructure.
model code of conduct for the elections had hit the pace of work and a slashed ward budget will create further problems in developing sailashree vihar, she said.
samir pradhan, councillor from ward no.
15, said: we are still receiving complaints about unfinished civic work in our locality.
if the ward budget is reduced, it will further delay the process.
when the ward budget should have been increased to rs 1 crore or more, the corporation is curtailing it.
this will stall the pace of progress, he said.
veteran councillor and chairman of the taxation and finance standing committee seikh nizamuddin, who represents ward no.
29, said: the decision to peg ward budget at rs 40 lakh and additional allocation through subsequent proposals will increase disparity among the wards.
newly formed wards and those on the outskirts will suffer most, while well-connected councillors will benefit.
however, contrary to these concerns, councillor from ward no.
48 nihar ranjan sahoo said adequate revenue collection through implementation of the corporation tax and octroi compensation by the state government would ease the situation and elected representatives would benefit.
i can definitely demand more fund for my ward even after getting rs 3 crore as annual budget grant, but i should take a realistic view keeping the corporations financial situation in mind, he said.
additional commissioner krushna prasad pati said: the project scrutiny committee has on board two additional commissioners, two executive engineers and an assistant commissioner (land, enforcement and recovery) as core members.
once the proposals are passed by the psc, they will be ready for implementation and for that there will be no dearth of funds.
the bmc, meanwhile, has formed a vision plan for five years to discuss basic civic requirements across the city.
the plan will take care of the local needs and there will be no regional disparity due to ward budget allocation, the mayor said.
sandeep mishranew sites: buses parked at the pokhariput terrminal in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state government has decided to build at least 14 terminals here to accommodate more buses to boost the city's public transport network.
according to the plan, the general administration department will identify land for six bus depots, while the odisha industrial infrastructure development corporation (idco) and khurda district administration will find places for three and six terminals, respectively.
sources said that priority would be given to build bus depots at infocity, info-valley and ramdaspur industrial estate in the first phase.
these places have been chosen because of the presence of a number of corporate houses and its large number of workforce.
we have decided to increase the number of buses to at least 300 from the present 100 by november next year.
the operator has been asked to start procuring the buses.
now we need depots to park these buses, said a transport department official.
sources said the other bus depots would come up at gadakana, ghatikia, patia, patrapada, pandara, phulnakhara, daspur and sijhua.
the general administration department and the khurda district administration will provide five acres of land each for the bus depots.
a senior official of the housing and urban development department told the telegraph: the list (for bus depots) has been submitted to the authorities concern.
they will begin the job to find lands.
earlier this month, chief secretary aditya prasad padhi had held a high-level meeting here to discuss the city bus modernisation plan.
it had decided to merge the transport authorities of puri, konark and cuttack with the state capital.
it was decided to increase the number of buses to 300 by november next year and 600 by 2020.
accordingly, bhuba-neswar-puri transport services limited (bptsl) will be accorded the state transport status.
we have prepared the roadmap to strengthen the public transport facilities here and now we are going to implement it, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the capital city is growing but its public transport facility is highly inadequate.
a number of people from outside is coming to the city every day and they need proper public transport facility, said patia resident radhanath routray, a corporate employee.
sandeep mishraswachh move: cars move past garbage at saheed nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has come up with a uniform cleanliness guideline for the city's resident welfare associations to ensure cleanliness standard in their surroundings.
the civic body, which has already begun to create a database of the associations by registering them, has prepared the standard operating procedure in line with the one drafted by the centre last year called swachh neighbourhood.
the guideline suggests that respective resident welfare associations would coordinate with local sanitary agencies for timely lifting of garbage.
besides, they will have to constitute a committee among themselves that will look after the arrangements and conduct periodic mass cleanliness drives.
the standard procedure targets waste management through recycling and processing of the waste and establish systems in residential complexes for cleanliness.
besides, the fresh standard procedure will be revised at intervals.
we have already started registering the resident welfare associations and plan to join hands with them to intensify inclusive cleanliness drives.
these associations will help achieve the target of being a clean city, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
this is the first time that the civic body shifted its focus to the middle class to achieve its cleanliness targets.
we are trying to bring more people in the activities since it is not possible to achieve the set target alone.
we are providing the logistics, but it is the people who need to learn to use those, said jena.
kharavela nagar resident rikma mishra said citizens did need to be aware about cleanliness parameters, but in the end, it was the responsibility of the civic body to encourage such practices among the residents.
youngsters dig into food at a roadside kiosk in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, june 12: the civic body is considering setting up a state-of-the-art food-testing laboratory here to ensure safety of food products before they are consumed by citizens.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has received a proposal regarding this from the spice board of kerala, which intends to help in setting up the lab.
at present, the spice board is in the process of setting up one such laboratory in calcutta.
we received the proposal from the spice board.
we will discuss it with our officials before sending it to the state government for approval.
setting up of such a facility will help ensure safety of food products, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to the proposal, the laboratory would contain advanced equipment on a par with international standards for undertaking physical, chemical, residual and microbiological analysis of spices and other food products.
the lab would come up at the proposed spice park in the city.
sources said about 8,000sqft was required for the lab, which would cost around rs 15 crore.
there is a need for a high standard food-testing lab since food contamination is a major concern for residents.
after the incident with maggi, it is necessary to have a dedicated facility, said damana resident priti padma acharya.
the spice board's quality evaluation laboratory will help the administration in setting up the facility, including providing the layout for the proposed building and procurement of advanced instruments, their installation and training staff in operating them.
officials said the facility would be able to test food products of all kinds, mainly processed and street food.
at present, the state government operates six such food-testing laboratories in cuttack, balangir, balasore, angul, berhampur and rourkela.
however, the existing facilities can only test processed food products.
the laboratories are under the authority of the state government's directorate of export, promotion and marketing.
it will be good if the administration sets up such a facility in the city.
food products, be it street food or packaged, need to be tested periodically.
there can be contamination at any time and the administration must ensure that our lives are not at risk.
moreover, the onset of monsoon aggravates the fear of food poisoning, said acharya vihar resident amulya naik.
vehicles move past a pothole near jayadev vihar in bhubaneswar and (below) pedestrians walk past a damaged footpath near station bazar in bhubaneswar on monday.
pictures by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, sept.
19: to get the city ready for durga puja and dusherra, the municipal corporation today decided to provide rs 5 lakh to each of the 67 wards.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has asked its councillors to spend rs 3 lakh to repair roads and the remaining funds to maintain drains, which includes covering them with slabs.
earlier, the councillors used to get rs 3 lakh for the purpose.
the civic body has also formed a team of senior officials to monitor sanitary activities mainly in and around puja pandals.
the team will visit the pandals every day to keep an eye on cleanliness.
they will coordinate with the sanitary inspectors for the purpose.
they will also ensure that drains near the pandals are covered with slabs, said municipal commissioner krishan kumar.
the councillors have welcomed the initiative of the municipal corporation.
the money has been given for undertaking development work in the wards, but some puja committees think that it's for them and start demanding donations.
i hope they understand the money is meant for the people and would also help keep the pandals neat and clean, said ward no.
36 councillor naren sahoo.
the civic body has also put its electrical wing on the alert to check, repair and install street lights across the city.
the works department, the drainage division and the public health engineering organisation have also been requested to work in coordination with the civic body.
ward no.
31 councillor kumarendra mohapatra said that he would talk to the people to know their needs and undertake repairs where necessary.
the durga puja at bomikhal is the biggest in my area.
the railway overbridge construction near the pandal could impede the movement of the people in the area.
the works department will ensure alternative measures there, said mohapatra.
rasulgarh resident harapriya baliyarsingh said the move of the civic body was timely as it came much before the beginning of the festive season.
it is a good decision of the municipal corporation to make necessary repairs in roads and drains before the puja.
people flood the streets during the puja and civic problems should be addressed before festivities begin, said baliyarsingh.
besides, the civic body will also dig up temporary ponds for the immersion of idols in an eco-friendly way.
we have four such temporary ponds ready for the immersion of idols.
the move aims to avoid pollution in the rivers where puja committees used to immerse the idols, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
among other major decisions at today's meeting, steps would be taken to make all the 40 water atms functional by january next year.
at present, the city has four water atms in different areas.
we have asked our private partner in the project to construct water purification plants and install the remaining 36 water atms by next january, the mayor said.
a parking attendant collects fees at unit-i in bhubaneswar on thursday.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 6: unit-ii resident jayant rath will hopefully not have to encounter any more fake parking operators, who charge fees arbitrarily in the name of the civic body but refuse to give receipts.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has finally woken up to crack the whip on such fake parking operators mushrooming across the city after receiving repeated complaints of harassment from vehicle owners.
i had gone to visit the adivasi mela and parked my two-wheeler outside the ground.
one person came and asked me to give him rs 10 as parking fees.
when i asked for the receipt, he bullied me, said rath, who is a retired government employee.
i had brought the matter to the civic body's notice a number of times in the past, but they turned a blind eye to it.
i don't know how they are acting right now, he said.
that all complaints have not gone unnoticed is evident in the corporation's recent drive to nab four fake parking operators.
acting on a tip-off, the civic body's special enforcement squad yesterday raided an on-street parking lot at ashok nagar and nabbed four for collecting fees in the name of the civic body without paying any receipts.
during interrogation, the four accused said a person named r.k. barik had put them on the job.
we got the information that some fake parking operators had been collecting fees from the citizens in the name of the corporation.
three of our officials reached the spot last evening and caught them red handed.
we have filed a complaint with capital police regarding this, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the mayor has also asked the three zonal deputy commissioners to personally look into the matter in their respective zones.
we urged the citizens to communicate with us as well as the police whenever they found such illegal works.
we have already co-ordinated with the police and they assured us of help, he said.
municipal commissioner krishan kumar has also issued direction to the officials to form three special squads and continue raids to nab the fake parking operators.
we have decided to form three dedicated squad, which will make simultaneous checking across the city to catch the fake parking operators, said kumar.
in the recent past, complaints have been pouring in about force collection of parking fees at undesignated parking areas by unauthorised persons.
such malpractices increase during festive seasons and when fairs are held.
balangir resident sumit mishra, 30, also faced similar problems during his visit to khandagiri last month.
i went to visit khandagiri with my brother and parked the two-wheeler at the parking lot.
a person came and charged rs 10 from me while the fees is rs 5.
he also gave me a receipt for the fees.
my brother filed a complaint with the corporation regarding this, but no action was taken, said mishra.
according to the civic body's official data, it has 76 authorised parking lots both on and off-street.
of these, 41 are managed through private operators, 29 by the civic body itself, while the rest six are institutional parking.
the institutional parking lots are managed by respective institution that holds the rights.
while a two-wheeler is to pay rs 5, four-wheelers are charged rs 10.
our correspondenta slum near kalinga stadium in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body is staring in the face of failure in its attempt to clear encroachments around kalinga stadium ahead of the men's hockey world cup here in november.
the state government has entrusted the bhubaneswar municipal corporation with removing the squatters around for smooth conduct of the tournament.
accordingly, the civic body identified a slum settlement near jayadev vihar square and a temple near the stadium's gate no.
9 for removal, setting a deadline of march to complete the job.
however, it is nowhere near accomplishing the task.
this failure has triggered apprehensions that the city will give a bad impression to the thousands of visitors and foreign delegates who will arrive for the event.
the stadium's extravagant interior cannot hide the reality of the exterior, said jayanti mishra, a visitor to the stadium.
encroachment is rampant near jayadev vihar square, the gateway to the stadium, where the civic body has identified 250 families that need to be rehabilitated before demolition.
the civic body faces a bigger challenge in shifting the temple as local residents showed resentment with the plan.
we have lived here for decades and we are not going to leave until we are rehabilitated properly.
we will not allow them to demolish the temple since it is the only place of worship for us, said rati kanta jena, a slum-dweller here.
the international hockey federation (fih) has already expressed concern over the temple's location and asked the authorities to shift it since a new stand is being planned on the site.
we need to demolish the temple to construct the west stand in order to increase the seating capacity, said a sports department official.
the civic body made similar attempts to rehabilitate the slum-dwellers and demolish the settlements ahead of the asian athletics championship last july.
the administration had than demolished 22 houses and distributed rs 10,000 to each houseshold for rehabilitation.
however, soon after the event, the encroachers returned and built new homes with the administration as mute spectators.
how could we build a house in the city with a mere rs 10,000?
we decided and get back to our own place.
we are not going to leave it, said another slum-dweller chidananda moharana.
sources said the civic body has put a proposal before the government to sanction rs 13.
2 crore to build homes for the evicted families.
we have put the proposal before the government.
once it is sanctioned, we will start building another affordable housing complex for the slum-dwellers.
we will rehabilitate them in our transit house and then go for demolition, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: prime minister narendra modi on tuesday had an interaction through videoconferencing with beneficiaries of the prime minister awas yojana-urban at the national informatics centre here to know progress of the beneficiary-led construction projects in the city.
the beneficiary-led construction is one of the components of the yojana, which provides financial assistance to the poor people to either build houses or revamp the existing ones on their own.
beneficiaries from odisha, madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh, tamil nadu, jharkhand and uttar pradesh took part at the videoconference.
officials said the video conferencing titled, pragati, was a step towards keeping tabs on the progress.
modi said the additional benefits would provide a sense of self-respect, progress, security and health to the people.
he also emphasised on women beneficiaries, who should come to the fore.
he called for more involvement of women masons, along with their male counterparts.
there are also incentives for the women masons, who would work in the projects.
while modi requested the people to take the initiative forward, he noticed that out of 20 beneficiaries present at the conference, 15 were women.
bhubaneswar municipal corporation deputy commissioner srimanta mishra co-ordinated the event.
the state government has put up 25,958 houses under the beneficiary-led construction projects and another 6,000 in slum redevelopment categories in various parts of the state.
the government is aiming to complete construction of nearly 32,000 pucca houses under the yojana.
of these, bhubaneswar and parts of khurda will get about 7,762 houses.
we are constantly monitoring the status of the projects and also sensitise people to take it forward.
our correspondenttech support: the revamped acharya harihar park at acharya vihar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will strengthen its environment and engineering wings by engaging separate technical units to support, monitor and manage different activities under the divisions.
the five-member engineering division unit will assist in areas of engineering inputs, survey and assessments, plots map and report management while the three-member environment unit will help manage parks, nurseries, lawns, and roadside trees.
the aim of strengthening the two divisions is to ensure inclusive development.
we want to live up to our commitment by providing quality work within timeline, said a civic official.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's engineering division looks after basic civic requirements and infrastructure.
it works to provide street lights, drains, roads, culverts and bridges and maintains civil and electrical works on the city's social infrastructure.
the environment division creates and maintains a green atmosphere for the city.
it takes care of plantation in different parts, park development, creates and maintains plantations along medians and on roadsides.
sources said members of the technical teams would be hired on an outsource basis and coordinate with civic body officials.
we have invited a proposal from expert firms for such technical experts who will work with us and help us provide good services to the people, said the official.
last november, the civic body had taken a similar approach and set up a project monitoring cell with technical experts that looks after the status of planned projects and suggests measures for their timely completion and other necessary amendments if needed.
our aim is to provide quality civic services to the people.
the smart city mission has increased their expectation and we need to live up to that, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we are going to introduce a number of good projects for citizens in the near future and there is a need to maintain their quality with expert hands, he said.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: mayor ananata anantanarayanjena on wednesday distributed personal protective kit to sanitation workers of the civic body.
the event, organised at the corporation office, aims to educate the sanitation workers about self protection, hygiene and health care.
we should give utmost importance towards personal safety of our sanitation workers thereby promoting their hygiene, health and dignity as a human being, said the mayor.
he also interacted with some of the workers and counselled to use the kit properly.
safety is essential for a worker engaged in sanitation activity.
hence helmet, mask, apron, rain coat and gun boots were distributed to the sanitation workers.
this is also an important component under swachh bharat mission, said the civic body's deputy commissioner lalatendu sahu.
the city has been shortlisted for the digital payments award, a national level competition kicked off by the ministry of housing and urban affairs.
the award seeks to boost digital payment system among citizens in smart cities.
the centre started the competition titled  promoting digital payments in 100 smart cities in 100 days in july.
in keeping with the guidelines, the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) submitted its proposal in september and has been shortlisted to participate in the second stage of the competition.
besides bhubaneswar, rourkela smart city limited had also submitted its proposal for the competition, but it was not shortlisted.
as part of the second round, the city will now compete to get award in three categories including best digital payments adopter, best digital payments innovator and fastest growing smart city focusing on digital payments.
we have submitted the proposal according to the guideline and are happy to got selected for the second round.
we have been promoting the online payment system for various services and also added the facilities of bill payment and other websites.
we are hopeful of getting the award for our initiatives, said a smart city official.
besides promoting the digital payment system for various services, the administration is hoping high for the award from the centre, especially for its recent introduction of the odyssey payment card, an atm-like card that can be used for making payments ranging from bus fares to utility bill.
the odyssey card is one of the milestone projects for us under the smart city mission.
it is one card that can be used for making payments for an array of services.
we are the first one to introduce such a card for the citizens here.
we will start issuing the card shortly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
uttara resident jyotirmaya sahu welcomed the project to introduce the common payment card.
cashless transactions are on the rise and increasing fewer people are using cash to make payments.
digital payment methods are the need of the hour and such award could only boost the confidence further, said it enginner sahu.
labourers work on a drainage channel in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, sept.
3: the local civic body plans to take on an array of infrastructure projects, most of which are construction of roads and drainage systems, in 16 of the 67 wards of the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will spend rs 7.
30 crore to build roads, drains, crematoriums, transit-shelters for slum dwellers, hospitals and parks.
the civic body will take up 43 construction and renovation projects.
among the 16 wards that are set to see the developments, two wards - ward no.
9 and ward no.
22 - will have a major share, where the civic body will spend more than rs 1 crore each.
the civic body aims to complete all the work by july next year.
residents of ward no.
9, which covers areas such as gadakana and parts of damana, will have two new roads, one drain, two transit shelters and a renovated burial ground, while people of ward no.
22, which covers areas such as bharatpur and mahalaxmi vihar, will have a new crematorium and a drain.
bharatpur resident himanshu hota said the crematorium would prove great relief to residents in the area.
the civic body has a number of crematoriums across the city, but none was there in our area.
our ward is house to more than 3,000 households with nearly 15,000 populations.
such a facility will serve a lot of purpose, said hota.
among other major projects, the civic body will renovate a dispensary at vss nagar.
we are committed to the development of the city.
we are here to provide the citizen a wide array of services.
this is just the beginning.
under the smart city project, people will see a transformed bhubaneswar very soon, said city mayor ananta narayan jena.
a senior civic body official said they had invited bidders to take up these projects.
we have already floated tender for the projects.
once the process got finalised, projects like roads and drains will be executed by the end of this year, while other projects such as crematorium and transit shelters will be completed by july next year, said the official.
gadakana resident md.
yasin said the burial ground here had remained in a dilapidated condition for long.
it is great that at last they are planning to renovate the burial ground here, said yasin.
this is the third time since june this year that the civic body has taken up such array of projects at one go.
in the first phase, the civic body had initiated work on nearly 32 projects.
in the second phase, they had launched 38 projects.
a senior official in the civic body said the projects taken up in the first and second phases were nearing completion.
sandeep mishrapresent, please: a civic employee marks his attendance at the corporation headquarters in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati1bhubaneswar: the civic body has invited proposals from expert firms to install a fully automated attendance system at its headquarters to check irregularities by officials.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will also install close circuit television cameras (cctv) to check staff movement.
the selected firm will install biometric attendance systems as well as cameras in different corners of the headquarters along with a control room for monitors.
last april, the civic body installed three biometric systems on a pilot basis.
it has now decided to entirely automate the system.
all officials - from the municipal commissioner to sanitary staff members - will have to provide their thumb imprint to be marked present.
we had installed three biometric systems at the main building, engineering block and the tax section for our permanent staff members.
now, it will include contractual staff members as well, said a civic official.
the municipal corporation has a fixed entry and exit timing of the staff members.
it has also put up stringent rules to ensure that the officials work in a regular manner.
according to records, the new system would record the attendance of about 800 officials every day.
the officials have to enter office between 8:30am and 10:30am and leave after 5pm.
if any official is found being late to office or leaving early than the fixed time for three continuous days, the civic body will deduct one day's pay.
the corporation will also install cctv cameras on its office premises.
the plan to introduce the facility is part of the automation project.
the office premises will get about 30 cctv cameras in different locations.
there would be a central server where all data of civic staff members, including their employee codes and biometric details, would be stored.
the database will be updated and maintained regularly by the service providers.
there will also be a central room to monitoring the images captured by the cctv cameras.
we had received several complaints about irregularities by officials.
we are not going to tolerate this in any manner.
earlier, we took the attendance using a manual register, but it was not feasible to check the irregularities.
however, in the automated system, they can't lie, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraencroachment: haphazardly-parked app-cabs and (below) vendors eat up the width of the road leading to the railway station.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: passengers to the railway station here have a problem when they rush to catch trains - two new lanes constructed to ease traffic in the master canteen square area have been encroached upon.
not only street vendors, but rampantly parked cabs and auto-rickshaws have made the roads narrower and congested, making it difficult for passengers to reach the station easily.
encroachment not only creates congestion, but is also bad aesthetics, said a passenger.
many remain in a hurry to catch a train.
the illegally parked autos, cabs and street vendors make commuting difficult for us.
it is the only way to reach the station and there has to be a free passage, said jatni resident shyamli mohanty, a daily passenger.
the authorities had in march last year took up the project to construct two parallel four-lane roads from master canteen square to the railway station.
to execute the project, major eviction drives were carried out to remove vendors.
after the construction was done, the roads were ready for use in december.
the approach roads to the station were not so wide and often fell prey to encroachment making commuting difficult for the people.
the road was built to facilitate passengers movement, however, it is not serving its purpose because of encroachments, said dibakar sahu, who runs a fast food shop near the station.
the situation has turned worse with private cab services occupying turning the newly constructed stretches into unauthorised parking lots.
the auto-rickshaw drivers don't allow us to go near the station and pick up the passengers.
they apprehend we will eat into their business.
we are compelled to park our vehicles here, said a cab driver.
another daily passenger sudhir mishra said he had almost missed his train a few days back as he got stuck in the traffic right near the station.
i had to get down from the auto and run to catch my train.
that was a bad day and i almost missed the train, said sudhir, a schoolteacher from cuttack.
the problems continue as the authorities are turning a blind eye to remove the encroachers.
sandeep mishraexperts help: an infant being vaccinated in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the health and family welfare department has formed a five-member rapid response team for smooth implementation of the measles-rubella vaccination drive here in january.
the team will monitor the work of auxiliary nurses and midwives, accredited social health activists (asha) and other paramedics during the drive to vaccinate children between nine months and 15 years.
we have formed the team following a central directive to ensure implementation of the drive.
we want to cover as many children as possible under the campaign in january to ensure quality coverage in all areas of the city, said the health department's special secretary k.c. dash.
the team has members from both state-run and private health care units, including the directors of health services as well as the medical education and training, apart from the deans of three medical colleges and hospitals.
these members will work in co-ordination.
the rapid response team will be crucial in ensuring quality coverage in all areas.
they will assist the ground-level workers in preparedness, implementation and monitoring the campaign.
they will begin their work from october 23, said a health department official.
at present, the civic body undertakes the vaccination drive with officials of the national urban health mission to protect against diseases, including tuberculosis, whooping cough, polio, rotavirus and pentavalent.
the first round of the drive started on october 7 and will conclude on october 20, while the second phase will begin in december.
sources said the upcoming vaccination drive against measles-rubella would also be sponsored by the centre.
we have already identified vulnerable sections, mainly slum dwellers, who need to be vaccinated against the diseases on a priority basis.
we will do the needful for the successful implementation of the drive organised by the health department, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
lilly behera paints her toilet wall at kathagola basti in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, june 7: lilly behera, a young girl who stays in kathagola basti at bapuji nagar, has set an example for others by constructing a toilet for her family.
more so, she has painted the walls of the toilet with social messages such as ama swabhimana (our pride) written in bold font.
like lilly, many others are becoming change makers in their homes at slums brining the smart city dream of a clean, green and liveable city, just a step closer.
in this slum, the women took the lead and ensured completion of toilets in time, bringing an end to open defecation.
they also gave a new look to the toilets by adding traditional paintings on the wall, giving the series of toilets a look of wall art.
to create more such leaders, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation hosted a three-day training programme of 30 women - called peer leaders - from eight slums from bhubaneswar town centre district or smart district.
peer leaders or pragati sathi as they will be referred to in future, will be the change-agents in their communities.
they will conduct a series of meetings and impart training to the community and at the family level to create awareness on gender-based discrimination, child marriage, menstrual management and so on.
this will ensure social changes, which, in the long run, will help to ensure a healthy and smart society, many believe.
rubin das, an 18-year-old peer leader from the shantipalli basti, said: training through various activities is very interesting for me, and i will give my best to sensitise the community and family as well.
i have never attended such training, and now, i am confident enough to sensitise my family as well the community, said swarnaprava patnaik, a-21-year-old peer leader from the saheed nagar telugu basti.
bhubaneswar smart city limited and the united nations population fund organised the training.
the project's aim is to develop a youth-centric and youth-led integrated social intervention model to support the citizen connect initiative and promote safety and security of girls and women in the city with specific focus on urban slums, through community partnerships, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishradeadline worry: an excavator removes earth from the saheed nagar site in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the smart city implementing agency's indecisiveness to take forward its ambitious smart parking project at two places here has irked residents who continue to battle parking problems.
bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl), the special purpose vehicle executing the smart city project here, had promised two multi-level car parking facilities for people visiting commercial and domestic facilities on janpath and rajpath.
however, parking remains a paramount problem because of their failure to deliver.
the bscl had decided to introduce a multi-level car park at saheed nagar and another at unit-ii.
chief minister naveen patnaik had laid the foundation stone for the projects last june after it floated a tender for these facilities.
so far, the bscl has only started removing soil from the saheed nagar project site, while the one at unit ii is yet to see any physical progress.
janpath is fine as it has enough space for on-street parking, but the situation at rajpath is pathetic.
it neither has space for parking nor systematic regulation, said unit i resident niranjan jena.
officials, however, claimed that the work is on time.
we have two years to complete the two projects.
we have started the work at saheed nagar and will take up the unit-ii project by the end of this month.
rajpath is a busy street and we need to work according to our schedule, said a senior bscl official.
rajpath is located at a strategic location with rajdhani haat on one side and the unit-ii vegetable market on the other.
it is one of the city's most visited areas.
everything is unorganised in this area.
the shops are haphazardly placed and parking is a major problem.
it needs to be resolved, said unit-ii market shopkeeper birendra sahoo.
the janpath stretch, on the other hand, has a number of big malls and commercial establishments besides the railway station at master canteen square.
a single multi-level car parking facility will not be enough for janpath.
a number of important establishments are spread over the entire stretch.
there is a need to introduce additional facilities here, said jayant hota, a shopper at a mall here.
we have asked the executor to complete the work as soon as possible.
we are also taking steps to ease the parking problems in different parts of the city.
we are committed to our deadlines, said jena.
mayor anantanarayanjena speaks at the bhima bhoi samrtya sibir in bhubaneswar on friday.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 24: the civic body today started a special camp here to provide seamless services and benefits to people with disabilities.
the camp, called bhima bhoi samrtya sibir, aimed to enrol the people with disabilities and provide them hassle-free services under various state and centrally sponsored schemes.
the services would include providing financial benefits such as pension and quota in various sectors such as health, education and so on.
its aim is to provide a unique ids to the special persons, through which the beneficiaries will not need to carry multiple documents as the card will capture all the necessary details which can be decoded with the help of a reader.
the card will be the single document for identification and verification of the disabled for various benefits.
we have decided to conduct the camp, which will help the people with disabilities in a wider manner.
the camp's aim is to bring the special persons to one place and have an error-free system of service delivery, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the two-day-long camp, held at unit-viii community hall, would ensure enrolment of the beneficiaries, mainly the persons with disabilities, under the swabalamban scheme - a centrally sponsored pension scheme for the unorganised sector of the country.
it will providing a single-window system to select the beneficiaries.
the beneficiary selection is an important task.
we have deputed doctors at the camp to do on-the-spot assessment of physically impaired persons and certify them, said jena.
around 400 persons attended the camp today.
social security and empowerment of persons with disability director mansi nimbhal said eight disabilities were listed under the present parameters.
sources said the centre was planning to add 22 more disabilities to the existing ones.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has also decided to provide the unique disability identity cards to the people with disabilities in the camp.
the administration on the centre's direction is planning to create a database for the people with disabilities.
the unique ids will ensure transparency and efficiency while delivering the services to the beneficiaries.
it will also ensure uniformity and streamline the tracking of physical and financial progress of the beneficiaries at all levels, said a senior civic body official.
the corporation has distributed medical equipment and devices to beneficiaries in the camps.
the doctors had done spot medical examination of the attendees, based on which we have provided them the medical equipment, said the official.
social worker alok mohanty said people with disabilities often faced difficulties while availing themselves of the services.
they are also an important part of our society.
we cannot neglect them.
there is a need to create a system where such people would get services without difficulties, said the unit-ii resident.
last week, the civic body had organised a one-day consultation workshop to discuss on the issues of the persons with disabilities and drawn a roadmap to overcome the problems.
a voluntary organisation parivaar has joined hands with the civic body for the purpose.
their members gave a presentation on the status of the people with disabilities in the city and to find out possibilities of creating opportunities for them.
according to the 2011 census, as many as 25,302 disabled persons are living in bhubaneswar, which is around 3 per cent of the city's total population.
the possibilities to develop a care centre for mentally challenged persons in the city were also discussed during the workshop.
a care centre is necessary, especially for people with disabilities, who have lost parents or guardians.
they generally have none to look after them.
the care centre will cater to the need of their livelihood and can also provide them with job opportunities, said parivaar president ajay kumar jena.
navi mumbai municipal corporation officials also attended the workshop yesterday and shared a model they had developed for such beneficiaries in their city.
they have developed an education training centre - which was discussed at the workshop, and the scope to replicate a similar project here was also explored.
director of the education training centre varsha bhagat said they had been imparting education to the people with disabilities free of cost at their facility.
the education training centre has become a good platform of learning and giving shelter to the people with disabilities, said bhagat.
sandeep mishranew look: maa ugalamani pond in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has completed restoration of eight out of the 14 natural water bodies.
the restored water bodies are - nilakantha puskarini patia, masjid pond, sadhu pond, maa ugalamani pond, gadakana pokhari, bhotapada pond, balunkeswar pond and jena sahi pokhari.
we had deployed our officials on war footing and asked them to complete the restoration as soon as possible.
people will be highly benefited from the restored ponds, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has developed retaining wall along the waterfront, pathways or parikrama, landscaping, water outlet for efficient drainage of excess water and railing or fencing according to the requirement and need of the local residents.
the civic body is having a tough time restoring the rest of the six ponds - fishery pond, kapileswar pond, jhara pokhari, baghua pokhari, badapokhari and haja pokhari - which are comparatively larger in size than the restored ponds.
a civic body source claimed that the work on the rest water bodies would be completed by april end.
we had some problems restoring the bigger ponds.
encroachment was a major issue.
we are slowly resolving the issues, said jena.
a senior engineer of the civic body said that apart from development work, de-silting of the pond was also carried out to ensure better depth or water level in the ponds.
the de-silting will be done in a scientific manner.
it is a major task for the large ponds.
the maintenance is another thing to take care off, said the engineer.
old town resident suryakant tripathy said natural water bodies was a blessing for the city, but due to lack of care and maintenance, so many of them died.
it is very important for us to maintain a balance in the environment and reclamation of the water bodies is one component for that.
an amount of rs 16.
81 crore has been raised from odisha urban infrastructure development fund for reclamation of these 14 natural water bodies of the city.
a source said the civic body has so far spent rs 2.
10 crore for the restoration of eight water bodies.
the rest of the funds will be utilised for the remaining six ponds.
the ongoing cabling work at bomikhal in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 29: the project of installing high-tension underground power cables across the city has got embroiled in a controversy with the civic body officials alleging that the project will lead to a major drainage disaster in future.
during the monthly meeting of bhubaneswar municipal corporation on friday, many councillors alleged that the executor of project was going ahead with the work of laying the cables without adhering to the norms.
the underground cabling work is being done without following the norms.
the cables will create a serious drainage issue in the city in future.
there are specific rules to lay underground cables at a certain depth, the agencies undertaking the work are laying the cables haphazardly without caring about the norms, said pranab kishore swain, a councillor of bhubaneswar's ward no.
46.
the odisha power transmission corporation limited (optcl) and central electricity supply utility (cesu) had taken up the project to provide uninterrupted electricity supply to households.
four major stretches - sachivalaya marg, bidyut marg, janpath and cuttack-puri road - were chosen for the first phase of the work.
councillors demanded that underground cables should be installed on other stretches as well to accommodate pipelines and sewage lines.
the excavation has already damaged underground structures at some places.
the problem of overflowing drains has also cropped up.
moreover, in future, if they dig up the ground to repair the wires, it might bring in more trouble, said councillor naren sahoo.
while the underground cabling work has been contributing to the traffic woes on many stretches, including the cuttack-puri highway, the fresh allegation of callous work by the executor comes hard on the power supply authorities.
we have hired a private executor for the work.
we will check if the agency is adhering to norms or not, said a senior official of optcl.
according to the indian electricity act, 1956, for a single cable, the width of the trench should be minimum 35 centimetres and the depth should be a minimum 1.
2 metres for cables of 1.
1kv.
the power authorities have decided to install the overhead 33kv and 11kv power lines under the ground on 350-km area in the capital city.
it was also decided to set up 150 new transformers for better power supply to the houses.
the entire project was to be completed at a cost of rs 1,500 crore, of which rs 350 crore will be spent on the first phase of the work.
they will make a field visit and submit their findings following which we will take measures to tackle any possible drainage disaster.
sandeep mishraparticipants at the training programme.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the second phase training for girls from city slums has begun.
bhubaneswar smart city limited on monday started the three-day training and capacity-building workshop for 30 peer leader girls from eight slums of the city as part of an initiative called socially smart bhubaneswar.
the first phase of the training took place in july.
the girls, who will be called pragati sathi, have been involved in community awareness and mapping activities for other girls living in slums.
educating the peer leaders is necessary for overall development of bhubaneswar.
the smart city is not only about it and infrastructure development, but also to develop the people accordingly.
the slum population is vulnerable.
they needs to be educated and this initiative will prove a game-changer on that aspect, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
in the three-day programme, the peer leader girls will be provided training and tips on leadership development and adolescent health issues.
the major objectives will be to build adolescent girl-friendly skills that would be helpful to pass on the messages to the leaders.
besides, they will be trained to build not only the participants' art of communication but their attitude as well so that they seriously and effectively deliver the training to leaders and bring about necessary changes in the latter.
other topics included are menstrual hygiene, understanding the reasons for child marriage, consequences of child marriage and steps to prevent it.
under the socially smart bhubaneswar initiative, street plays and life skill training were conducted at masjid colony basti in kharavela nagar on sunday where awareness was created on health issues, benefits of institutional delivery, importance of vaccination of children and more.
in monday's session today, officials along with women's police station inspector iman kalyani nayak briefed the participants on crimes against women and available legal provisions to safeguard their rights.
mentioning various precautions that can be opted to avert crime in the neighbourhood, nayak asked them to organise the ama police programme at community level for effective redress of the safety issues.
the slum-dwellers are the ones deprived of many public services due to an absence of an effective awareness system.
there is a need to go along with them to ensure the development of bhubaneswar, said alok mohanty, a social worker.
anwesha ambalyexpert talk: participants at a seminar at the institute of media studies, bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patithe institute of media studies recently organised a seminar titled entrepreneurial excellence in today's culture.
chairman of bharat masala surendranath panda, who took part in the event, said entrepreneurs should proudly uphold values such as honesty, truthfulness and sincerity, remaining fair and ethical in the most difficult situations.
sharing the journey of zerokm, an e-restaurant service, its founder biswa ranjan nayak said every entrepreneur should have a mantra, a code to conduct business.
it is so important to believe in what you are doing and set your path with values, which others work with, nayak saidfinance meetsri sri university, cuttack, organised finomena, the fourth national conclave on the theme of finance in the vuca (volatile, uncertain, complex and ambiguous) world on november 4.
chandan taparia from motilal oswal securities limited was the chief guest.
he spoke about market analysis and investment opportunities.
there were three technical sessions and presentations made by eight teams from the university and one team of students from indian institute of management, indore.
youth festthe sports and youth services department will organise the 23rd district youth festival on november 11 and 12 at the brahmapur stadium.
a committee has been formed under brahmapur sub-collector bijaya kumar dash for the event, in which around 500 youths in the age group of 13-35 years will take part.
debate, singing, flute, harmonium recitals, one-act plays and dance competitions will be held at the event.
winners of the festival will take part in the state youth festival.
mini marathonthe indian institute of technology (iit), bhubaneswar, organised a mini-marathon on sunday on the 142nd birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel.
iit director r.v. raja kumar flagged off the run and spoke about the contribution of sardar patel in unifying the nation.
he administered the pledge to the students for maintaining the spirit of unity in all spheres of life.
students, staff and faculty members joined the marathon, which started from main gate of iit, argul, and ended at haribhaina square in jatni.
chess tourneythe east zone inter-university chess tournament concluded at kiit university this week.
the top four teams in each category have qualified to take part in the all-india inter-zonal chess tournament to be held in bhopal from november 10 to 14.
the teams are kiit university, university of calcutta, patna university and surguja university in women's category and university of calcutta, jadavpur university, utkal university, manipur university in men's category.
red cross campthe youth red cross held a south special zonal-level study-cum-training camp at the dav college in koraput presided over by college principal gitali tanaya samantaray.
jeypore mla tara prasad bahinipati urged the students to come forward for a healthy society by creating cleanliness awareness.
students and staff members organised activities such as blood camp, discussion on climate change, tree plantation, awareness rally on malaria and dengue throughout koraput.
about 183 students and volunteers from 54 colleges of five districts koraput, nabarangpur, malkangiri, nuapada and kalahandi took part in the event.
water atmthe bhubaneswar municipal corporation will install a water atm in front of the rama devi women's university in bhubaneswar for commuters.
the corporation will also set up streetlights on the campus.
a team of the electrical wing of the urban body will visit the university and examine the places where the streetlights can be fixed.
the mayor said the officials would build a foot overbridge in front of the university.
sandeep mishrastay connected: citizens use smartphones in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: residents will have seamless internet connection in various parts of the city with the administration here is gearing up to introduce wi-fi service in several priority corridors.
the service will be provided as part of the smart city's wi-fi project with the administration is getting ready to roll out its first phase.
the residents and visitors will be able to avail themselves of the service before september.
sources said the project had been put on fast track, keeping in view the upcoming men's hockey world cup that will be held here at kalinga stadium in november.
we have decided to roll out the first phase on immediate basis for the world cup, said an official of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
bhubaneswar smart city limited, the special purpose vehicle executing the smart city projects, will monitor the project implementation in the city.
initially, the wi-fi service will be provided at as many as 75 strategic locations with nearly 300 access points.
we are going to float a tender to select the service provider.
it would be a national tender, and we will select the most potential bidder for the project.
we will make sure that the bidder will have the ability to complete the task on time, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
officials said the locations, where the service would be provided, were be the most central parts of the city, including the entire vicinity of kalinga stadium, jayadev vihar, saheed nagar, vani vihar, irc village, old town, master canteen, kharavela nagar, ashok nagar, siripur, nayapalli and the airport area among others.
we plan to provide the service for free, but it is yet to be finalised.
the selected service provider will prepare the roadmap and come up with the execution plan.
if not entirely free, the users will definitely get the first few hours of seamless internet service without paying any cost, said a smart city official.
a pilot city wi-fi project had been rolled out in 2015 at five locations in the city.
later with the advent of the smart cities mission, the project gets incorporate in it.
in the new plan, the software technology park of india has prepared the project report for the city wi-fi, which once completed will have 5,000 access points.
we had taken inputs from the trial run of the service and amended the project report accordingly.
now, we are going to roll out the first phase of the project, where 300 access points will be provided.
it will be expanded to other parts of the city in later stage, said another smart city official.
people get water from an atm water at sishu bhavan square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 30: the local civic body has decided to make the use of water atms free for all.
earlier, users needed to pay 30 paise for a litre of water.
now, people need to pay a one-time rs 25 to the civic body to get the smart card for being able to use the atms. we formed a committee to look into the matter and it recommended making the use of water atms free for all.
now, more people will use the machines.
also, it was a necessary step since the summer is here.
people will have better access to clean drinking water now, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
last year in july, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) had signed a deal with piramal sarvajal for installation of 40 water atms across the city.
it had inaugurated the first one at jharana sahi on august 31.
now, there are 20 water atms in different parts of the city.
according to the initial plan, the civic body was to issue smart cards to the people for rs 50 with a top-up balance of rs 20.
the users were being charged at 30 paise per liter of water.
another method of getting access to water was to put a one-rupee coin in the atm.
however, this system is no longer practised.
the water atm is an interesting project but the machines were hardly used since their locations are not appropriate.
the bmc should consider installing some machines at strategic locations, said kharavela nagar resident ratnakar bhoi.
the demand of safe drinking water in the city increased after jharana sahi, a slum near chief minister naveen patnaik's residence, was severely affected by a hepatitis outbreak last year.
thereafter, the bmc fast-tracked the project and began installing water atms at various slums of the city.
with the water atms becoming free now, we hope the slum-dwellers will make good use of them, said a bmc official.
sandeep mishraaction at last: the bhubaneswar skyline.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has finally started taking action against holding tax evaders by filing certificate cases against them.
a certificate case could be filed under the orissa public demand recovery act, 1962, where the civic body can take steps such as attaching bank accounts and movable and immovable property of the defaulters till he pays the defaulted amount.
in january, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had issued red notices to some 284 major holding tax defaulters of the city and directed them to pay their dues before march 15 or face action.
the civic body plans to collect rs 9 crore in holding tax from them.
however, only 31 of the 284 defaulters have cleared their dues as of now, leaving the civic body with no other option but to file certificate cases against the remaining 253 defaulters.
the zonal deputy commissioners have been provided with the list of the defaulters.
they will go and take action according to the provisions of the certificate case.
we have requested them time and again to pay the taxes on time, but some people continued to ignore it.
they will face action now, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the telegraph had reported several times about the poor performance of the civic body in collecting holding tax.
besides, the state housing and urban development department has slammed the civic body thrice in the recent past for failing to augment revenue by collecting holding tax.
the collected tax is only spent for the greater good of the people.
but some people do not seem to understand that.
we need to be strong in taking steps against such defaulters.
we will spare none, said a senior civic official.
another source said the zonal commissioner of southeast zone had already filed the first certificate case against a defaulter named kanak lata dash and recovered rs 3 lakh from her.
the defaulter has also assured us of paying the total due amount of rs 5 lakh by march 31, said an official.
the civic body collected rs 1.
45 crore in january towards holding tax that was increased to rs 6 crore in february.
however, the total collection in the current financial year remained at a low of rs 21.
6 crore compared to rs 35.
7 crore till february last year.
sandeep mishrayoungsters take part in a mini marathon ahead of world environment day in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: india is this year's host for world environment day, which will be celebrated with a central theme of beat plastic pollution.
but, the city seems not at bothered about curbing plastic menace.
the civic body framed plastic waste management rules and conducted periodic awareness campaigns to reduce people's dependence on plastic.
but all of these hardly seem to have any effect on the people of bhubaneswar.
polythene bags and various other articles made of polythene are being used in markets and other commercial places every day, creating heaps of plastic waste that is not only creating soil pollution but also chocking drains, triggering fears of urban flooding in the ensuing monsoon.
plastic is one of the most hazardous waste since it takes a long time to decompose.
it frequently chokes drains and contaminates soil and water.
the centre had notified the plastic waste management rules in 2016, which needs to be implemented here properly to fight the pollution caused by polythene, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
soon after the union government notified new plastic waste management rules in 2016, the odisha state pollution control board and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation swung into action to take steps and ensure proper management of plastic waste.
in line, the plans of a plastic waste treatment plant and a shredding unit came afoot.
however, more than two years have elapsed since and none of the plans have materialised.
besides, the new rules entrusted the civic body to register vendors and shopkeepers who use plastic bags and collect a fee from them to discourage its use.
here again, the civic body failed.
they started an online registration process for the vendors using plastic, but has not been able to collect any fee from them so far.
a senior civic official, however, claimed otherwise.
he said they had registered most of the vendors.
we will compile the data and start collecting fees shortly, he said.
we are on the verge of completing the registration process and will do the rest very soon.
people need to be aware of the hazardous impact of plastic waste, we will need their support, said jena.
but, no one in the civic body could answer why they had been dragging their foot on the important and environmentally-sensitive issue for so long.
our correspondenta dumper truck at the temporary transit station in bhubaneswar on friday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body plans to set up mini compost plants at its temporary transit station here to promote the production of compost from municipal solid waste.
the move comes a year after the centre had asked city administrations to set up waste-to-compost plants to reduce the municipal waste and find a sustainable use for that waste.
we have assigned officials to calculate the amount of organic waste minor facilities generate.
a detailed project report will be prepared before setting up the plants.
initially, there will be five such mini plants, said jena.
he said the mini plants would be set up at the temporary transit station on a pilot basis and replicated on a larger scale at the designated dumping yard at bhuasuni later.
bhubaneswar generates nearly 500 tonnes of municipal solid waste daily, of which nearly 100 tonnes is organic.
environmentalist sailabala padhi said research had revealed that nearly 67 per cent of indian soil lacked carbon content, an essential ingredient for crop growth.
the compost from city garbage will provide carbon and nutrients to the soil, and increase the crop productivity by nearly 30 per cent, said padhi.
our correspondentjoint effort: mercury street lights at acharya vihar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation and the energy efficient services limited (eesl) will conduct a joint survey of the city to identify suitable sites for installation of the energy-efficient led street lights.
both the agencies will also find out lanes across the city where the traditional mercury will be replaced with the led ones.
the project will be executed under the recently-launched unnati scheme of the state government wherein all urban areas - be it in the civic body's jurisdiction or on the outskirts - will have the energy-efficient street lights.
the housing and urban development department has issued the direction.
the corporation has the expertise to find out the dark patches or the places in need for installation of the street lights.
accordingly, it will assist the eesl officials, following which the agency will put up the lights at those places, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
at present, there are several lanes, especially in the inner parts of the city where mercury bulbs are still lighting the streets.
only the main roads such as janpath, sachivalaya marg, patel marg, rajpath and few others have the led street lights.
many city outskirts such as nandankanan road and shampur road do not have any street lights.
we are periodically replacing or installing the led street lights across the city.
in the first phase, the main city arteries have been lit up with the led bulbs.
in the next phase, we put up the lights at some other stretches.
however, now we will find out the lanes and the areas as well as the city outskirts for installation of the led lights, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the administration had begun installing led lights in 2014.
so far they have installed about 35,000 such lights at various parts of the city.
the main stretches have got the lights, but the administration forget about the outskirts, said shampur trader biswas maharana.
the mayor said they had been able to save up to 80 per cent of energy consumption after the using the led bulbs instead of the mercury ones.
we are installing the lights in phases.
in the new survey, we will prioritise the dark patches first and then go to the lanes for installing the led lights, said jena.
sandeep mishraeyesore: garbage on the roadside in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has issued a final notification to roll out the odisha urban sanitation strategy, 2017, with stringent guidelines.
it has also formed teams to ensure smooth implementation of the programme in the urban areas of the state.
the main objective of the sanitation strategy will be to have an open-defecation-and-open-discharge-free urban area.
we have come up with a detailed plan to achieve complete sanitation in the city within the next decade.
the new plan stressed on use of safe technology for construction of toilets and other infrastructure.
the district level teams and directorate will work in co-ordination for smooth implementation of the plans, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
the department has constituted a state sanitation directorate and appointed the mission director of the swachh bharat mission cell of the government as its first director.
besides a 15-member team has been formed at district level to monitor and implement the plans.
our correspondentunder watch: a makeshift kiosk in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will intensify drives against encroachments to offer smoother services.
civic officials have begun talks with police for forces during the drives.
it will focus on roads and drains where illegal encroachment has mushroomed over time.
the matter was also discussed during the civic body's monthly meeting on tuesday where councillors expressed concern over encroachment.
many people have set up makeshift kiosks on drains, making it difficult to undertake cleaning or construction activities, said councillor naren sahoo.
he said complaints were on the rise about squeezing of roads and clogging of drains.
we often face opposition from the encroachers during eviction drives.
we had to step back many times and it is a cause of concern which need immediate redress, he said.
the three zonal divisional commissioners, local councillors, and other civic officials will survey the respective areas to identify encroachments.
following that, a requisition will be made to the respective commissioners and enforcement officials will proceed with police force for eviction drives.
the zone officials have already been directed to conduct the survey.
each of them will supervise the drive at their respective zones.
kharavela nagar resident jayanti hota said encroachments were on a high across the city: the roads in our locality have been reduced to half its length.
the footpaths are also filled with these people.
they need to be evicted, but officials should also ensure their rehabilitation.
sources said the enforcement officials would co-ordinate with the development authority for better results.
the housing and urban development department has already constituted two separate committees to intensify eviction drives in the city, while the civic body's wing will be an add-on.
our correspondentgarbage littered at unit-iii in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will amend its participation plan for the upcoming swachh survekshan survey based on the union ministry of urban affairs' revised guidelines.
the guidelines were revised following several workshops conducted by the ministry in the past few months.
an important module, on which bhubaneswar will be judged is the feedback of citizens through integration of the city and national-level mobile applications on cleanliness.
bhubaneswar will have to go through a three-tier assessment process - service-level progress, independent validation and direct observation and citizens' feedback.
the service-level progress will be divided into 23 parts, such as waste transportation and disposal practices.
besides, the centre has also omitted a few parts from previous assessment processes, including spot fines on littering, conversion of holding tax into property tax, waste to compost plant and online monitoring of public and community toilets.
a workshop had been organised here last month where we gave our inputs.
based on the recommendations from cities, the centre amended the guidelines.
we received the detailed guidelines and will accordingly prepare for it.
we will definitely do better than previous surveys, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the ministry will assess 4,011 cities across the country.
in the first edition in 2016, it had assessed 73 cities, while 500 cities were assessed in the following survey.
in the first survey, bhubaneswar came at 24, while it finished at 93 in the second.
bhubaneswar, july 18: the bhuasuni dump yard is haunting officials of the municipal corporation as the one-month deadline set by villagers of daruthenga for shifting it has ended on july 12.
the inhabitants of daruthenga, a village near the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's (bmc) bhuasuni dump yard on the outskirts of the city, had on june 12 threatened to lock up the yard after a month, if the civic body failed to meet their demand of shifting it elsewhere.
the villagers today beat up the driver of a dump truck that was about to enter the yard.
the driver has been identified as kishore chandra sethy.
they also damaged the truck.
till the filing of this report, the civic body was yet to file a police complaint.
the villagers have been alleging that the municipal corporation is violating all norms of environment protection at the dump yard.
in june, they had also sought the intervention of the prime minister in the matter.
for a few days this month, the villagers had stopped trucks from entering the dump yard.
sources said a meeting of senior officials presided over by chief secretary aditya prasad padhi is scheduled tomorrow to settle the matter.
the issue of setting up a waste-to-energy plant at the site would also be discussed.
we have told the villagers that we will come up with a solution to their problems.
we are hopeful of setting up the waste-to-energy plant and arriving at a long term solution to the villager's problems, said jena.
the deadlock over the dump yard had resulted in the civic body failing to lift garbage from various parts of the city, as it could not find an alternative site.
daruthenga villagers have pointed out that the landfill site at bhuasuni is located about one kilometre from nandankanan zoo and 500 metres from the chandaka dampara wildlife sanctuary.
they have contended that, therefore, bhuasuni falls in an eco-sensitive zone and dumping garbage in this area is illegal under the environmental (protection) act of 1986.
the civic body is also in a bind, as a delegation of the union ministry of urban development will visit the city between july 31 and august 6.
a civic body official said the delegation would look into the status of a few selected smart city projects including the bhuasuni waste-to-energy plant.
we are trying our best to restart the work on the waste-to-energy plant at bhuasuni.
we hope that tomorrow's meeting will bring some good news, said the official.
rasulgarh resident jayanti maharana said:lifting of garbage in our locality is irregular.
the civic body also does not seem to be concerned with segregation and processing of the waste.
if they care for their reputation, they should plug these loopholes.
encroachment demolished near kalinga stadium in bhubaneswar to make way for parking space recently.
ashwinee patithe city authorities have identified 10 potential parking sites across the state capital for use during the mens hockey world cup next month.
though barely a month is left for the grand sports event to be unveiled, the authorities are yet to prepare the sites to be used for parking.
the telegraph on tuesday found that encroachers continue to occupy several of these sites identified for parking vehicles.
the sites have been identified in the vicinity of behera sahi, nicco park road, reserve police ground, new ag colony, ravana podi ground, ashram school, unit iv high school, rie ground, janata maidan and idco convention hall ground.
the sites near behera sahi, nicco park road and unit iv high school have been encroached.
we have formed a parking committee to identify the sites.
we are problems with only a few of the identified lots.
we have written to the higher authorities to provide police force to carry out anti-encroachment drives before the world cup begins, said a senior civic body official.
apart from the identified sites, the authorities have also earmarked two spots near gate no.
1 of the kalinga stadium for parking emergency service vehicles, including fire tenders and.
these two sites have been encroached by street vendors.
we have enough time to prepare the spaces for parking.
directions have been issued to the officials concerned to swing into action and clear encroachments.
we are not going make any kind of compromise to ready the city for the world cup, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to the authorities, more than 15,000 will turn up for the event that begins on november 28.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the state government is set to issue a notification to make the use of led lights mandatory at all of its establishments including offices, streets and buildings, to ensure the efficient use of energy.
the department of energy will issue the notification.
a draft copy has already been forwarded to all the departments concerned for their acknowledgement.
once the notification is published in the gazette of odisha, led lights will be seen all over the place.
it is a good move of the administration to make the use of led lights mandatory for all its establishments.
these lights are pollutant free and have a good life span as compared to cfls or mercury bulbs, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
we already have guidelines to ensure the efficient use of energy through various ways.
however in the course of time, the led lighting system came and is accepted as more efficient than cfl or other lighting systems.
hence, it is necessary to change our methods and opt for led, said an official of the energy department.
the draft notification prepared by the department of energy will put an immediate ban on the use of cfl or other lighting systems in government buildings, streets and other places.
it further reads that after the issuance of the notification, all the conventional lights will be replaced with the led ones on priority basis.
the state government is now making effort to promote the use of led lights in households through the centre's ujjala scheme.
it is distributing led bulbs at an affordable price through the electricity department to the consumers.
besides, the administration is also in the process to replace all conventional street lights with led ones in the urban areas.
we have saved almost 80 per cent energy since their installation.
consumers deposit water rent bills at a post office in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 19: the push for a common payment card system is beginning to take shape here with the special purpose vehicle for execution of the smart city project floating an global tender to select a financial agency to execute the scheme.
an official of the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl), the special purpose vehicle for the smart city project, said once the scheme was executed nearly 2.
5 lakh households would access the facility to make various utility payments.
once fully executed, there will be more than 30 million transactions every year using the common payment card system.
the common payment card will be used for making payments at central electricity supply utility (cesu) for electricity bills, public health engineering organisation (pheo) for water tax, bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) for holding and other taxes and the bhubaneswar development authority (bda) for various fees.
besides, the common atm-like card could also be used to pay city bus fares, buy tickets at amusement parks, purchase items from stores, movie tickets, restaurants and much more.
we have already floated tender for execution of the project.
it will be finalised by the end of march.
we are expecting to introduce the card by early next year, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said the financial agency would prepare the project report and execute the project based on the inputs and analysis of the existing payment system in the city.
it could be a atm-like card where the users can go for cash top-ups and use it to make various payments.
we are also thinking of introducing both prepaid and postpaid cards for users, jena said.
at present, the available payment options are neither economical nor user-friendly.
there is a special focus on migrating to a cashless society now.
in the present situation, it was vital to design and deploy a cost-effective, sustainable and technology-based payment solution for citizens.
the common payment card would bring that evolution, said smart city's managing director krishan kumar.
according to the tender document, the common payment card is intended to support payments similar to those done using smart cards or e-wallets.
the card would be acceptable across a wide range of platforms starting from buying bus tickets to making utility payments.
according to the plan, the executor of the project would also create infrastructure to allow seamless adoption of the card on retail payment gateways such as europay, mastercard, visa and rupay.
it is evident now that the society is fast moving towards a cashless world.
the urgency of digital transaction is felt widely.
however, if a bank atm card or a mobile wallet can do the same job as the proposed common payment card, why should i take it?
i hope the city administration would offer good incentives if they want us to use the card for making payments, said akhil mishra, a corporate employee.
sandeep mishrawater woes: a commuter at the defunct water atm kiosk in front of dav public school at unit-viii in bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body's ambitious water atm project has failed to quench the thirst of the people here in the scorching summer because they have either been placed in unreachable areas or are lying dysfunctional.
city residents complained that many of the machines that dispense safe and cold drinking water have been installed in areas faraway from the reach of commuters and pedestrians.
they also said that some machines lie either dry or dysfunctional as they never release water.
it is a sheer waste of public money.
the machine that has been installed near dav public school at unit-viii has served no purpose.
i have never seen anyone coming to fetch water from this machine, said city resident and social worker alok kar.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation introduced the water atm facility in august 2016.
the corporation installed 40 such machines in various parts of the city by the end of 2016.
the aim of installing these machines was to provide cool and safe drinking water to commuters, pedestrians and the urban poor, especially during the peak summer months.
the civic body had spent rs 4.
93 crore on the project.
initially, it was decided that cards similar to those meant for bank atms would be used to fetch water.
each applicant would get cards of rs 50.
however, soon after the first machine was installed at jharana sahi, the corporation decided to make the service free.
sources said that the decision to make the service free was taken since not many people applied for the cards.
soon after the service was made free, the civic body distributed 900 such cards to the people through special drives conducted mainly in slum areas.
we have distributed the cards among 900 persons.
but, we still did not get adequate users for the service.
it is mainly due to the fact that people are not aware of the location of the machines.
but, it is an important project and we need to organise awareness campaigns to get more users for the service, said a civic body official.
saheed nagar resident janmejaya mishra blamed the civic body for the failure of the service.
they do not have any vision for any project.
they can't just plan and throw open such modern services without keeping in mind the concerns of the people, said mishra, a retired government employee.
we will look after the places of installation, and if necessary, we will move the machines to more usable places, said jena.
sandeep mishracapital hospital in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the health and family welfare department has decided to hold more workshops on the lines of the first investors' consultation meet for affordable health care projects in the state.
department insiders said these workshops would lure more investors to take up projects in the sector.
the first such workshop in the city on november 28 saw 160 investors from across india take part with several showing interest in collaborating with the government on different health care projects.
such collaborations are cost effective and also explore the opportunities for the state to get good investments.
we are exploring the option to execute different hospital projects in the public-private-partnership mode, said a department official.
he said they already had a discussion regarding organisation more such meets and a date for a second workshop in the second half of december was already in pencilled in.
we have planned to set up a cardiac care hospital and another cancer hospital in jharsuguda.
we plan to put these two as priority projects in the upcoming meets, said the official.
earlier this year, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the health department held a similar investors' meet in hyderabad and in april, they secured a deal with hyderabad-based krishna institute of medical sciences to execute the greenfield hospital at gadakana along with a health care network to take care of existing dispensaries.
the proposed hospital is meant to provide quality health care services to the under privileged urban population.
however, the project hangs fire since the private party is yet to avail of a loan from the bank to begin work on the project.
it is a huge project and estimated to cost rs 425 crore.
the private party will have to make investment entirely on its own.
we will shortly have a discussion with them regarding the problem and try to solve it and go ahead with the project as soon as possible, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sailashree vihar resident rakesh josh said it was a good project, but they needed to be serious about its execution.
at present, only aiims provides good health care services at an affordable price.
more such hospitals for the urban poor are a priority, said josh, a schoolteacher.
sandeep mishratwin problems: vendors take over the designated dharna place in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: unauthorised vending along the designated dharna place on lower pmg has doubled the trouble for citizens and the civic body.
commuting has become a risky affair for pedestrians on the stretch, while maintaining cleanliness remains a headache for the municipal corporation.
a number of street vendors, including food sellers, cloth sellers and shoe sellers among others, have made the stretch their place of business with the target customers being the protesters, who could be found making the place their second home during agitations.
usually, the vendors appear during the protest times, but now they have made the place their permanent business base.
this is heart of the city, and a number of people could be found here almost all the time of the day.
this gives a boost to our business.
we are poor.
we go to the place where we think we could earn some money.
after all, we and our family thrive with this little income, said jayant, a cloth vendor from nayagarh.
they put up makeshift shops on the footpaths and the storm water drain line that runs parallel to the stretch.
besides, surrounded by a number of establishments, including the secretariat and the assembly, the stretch is guarded by a number of security personnel.
but ironically, they even do not have any control on these vendors.
this particular place is designated as the official dharna site and prone to violence or stampede any time.
we try to evade the vendors, but they reappear again to do business.
it is the civic body, which should take care of such unauthorised vending, said a police official at lower pmg.
besides the encroachment, littering by the food vendors remains a problem for the sanitation workers.
apart from the protesters, the food vendors make the place more dirty with plastic plates and other items.
the protesters eat from these makeshift places and throw the used plates on the road, said a sweeper engaged with the civic body.
a few vendors also alleged that they were not doing business here for free but paying money to the civic body.
we are paying and doing business here.
people came and claimed that they are from the corporation and ask us for fees for allowing us to do business.
they look influential.
if we don't pay, they will not allow us to do business here, said a biryani seller requesting anonymity.
a team of officials does evict the vendors, who are doing unauthorised business on the stretch.
we also levy fines on those, who litter the area.
we will intensify the eviction drive, said jena scrapping the allegation of fees collection by the municipal corporation.
our correspondentwork ongoing to redevelop a park at saheed nagar in bhubaneswar on thursday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body and the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) plan to come up with three modern parks in the saheed nagar area by march.
the three parks are bda-omc park, robot park and a community garden near sparsh hospital.
the parks will be equipped with wi-fi, toilets and water atms, among other facilities.
the work on the parks had started in april last year and it is nearing completion.
local councillor saswati mishra said that most of the basic work in all the parks was finished and the contractor was now giving finishing touch.
we are about to take up wall painting in the parks.
we hope to be able to throw the parks open by march, said mishra.
she said the parks would be one-of-their-kind facilities.
the parks, which have been named as smart parks, will have splash park, butterfly park, sensory garden, open gyms with air walker, sit-up bench, air swing, twister, set back or glider, push and pull up chair, knee or hip raise on parallel bars, big shoulder wheel, spinner and bench with fixed dumb bell.
the parks will also have watchtowers from where people can enjoy an aerial view of the surroundings.
the parks will be promoted as learning and recreational centres, he said.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: repeated warnings to dodgers has paid off for the civic body as it collected a whopping rs 18 crore in holding tax in march.
the civic body's total collection for the 2017-18 fiscal has reached rs 41.
7 crore, a marked increase from the rs 37 crore it had collected in 2016-17 and rs 21.
54 crore in 2015-16.
according to the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's monthly revenue statement, it's holding tax collection has steadily increased this year.
it had collected rs 1.
45 crore in january and rs 6 crore in february.
we took every step to increase holding tax collection and finally succeeded, said a civic official.
the housing and urban development department and chief secretary a.p. padhi had slammed the civic body three times in the past few months for low collection of revenue, mainly from holding tax.
it is the result of repeated warnings, said the official.
following the criticism, the civic body had slapped red notices on 284 major holding tax defaulters in january and asked them to pay the dues or face action.
we filed certificate cases against defaulters and started attaching their property according to law and accordingly collected the dues.
this impacted other petty defaulters who have started paying their dues voluntarily.
they need to understand that the money will only be spent for their benefit, said another official.
sandeep mishrarain pain: broken branches block the road at kalpana square in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: uprooted branches of trees blocked roads at several places as a sudden squall accompanied with hail, gusty wind and rain hit the city on tuesday afternoon.
the strong wind also damaged electric poles, disrupting power supply for hours in many areas.
during the inclement weather, the branch of a huge tree fell on the tent of a group of teachers agitating near lower pmg.
several teachers got injured in the incident.
we were sitting inside our tent when the branch fell on our tent, injuring some of us, said a teacher.
commuting became difficult at baramunda, nayapalli, kalpana square and delta square as a large number of branches fell off trees fell right in the middle of the roads.
i joined my friends to remove the branches, said niranjan, a nayapalli resident.
the civic authorities and fire service personnel also swung into action to clear the roads.
we have put our officials on the job to remove tree branches from the roads, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the squall and light rain, however, brought partial relief for residents reeling from intense heatwave conditions over the past few days.
the rain indeed brought relief, but the situation turned unbearable after the rain stopped, said dibakar hota, a kharavela nagar resident.
though the city recorded 22.
6mm of rain, the meteorological centre put the temperature here at 42.
2c.
with this, the temperature here crossed the 40c mark for the fourth time this year.
the squall with hail and gusty surface wind and rain was a result of the extreme heat in the morning.
such a condition might reoccur here in the next two to three days, said a met official.
our correspondentclean failure: railway tracks near lakshmi sagar, where several slum dwellers defecate in the open, in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has till april 1 to make the state capital open defecation free.
the housing and urban development department slammed the civic body for its failure to achieve the target before setting the second deadline.
it has also asked officials to engage a full-time sanitation expert and monitor his activities to get things done on time.
in a letter to the municipal authorities, the department stated that the progress of building individual household latrines was dismal.
it was also observed that sanitation experts engaged for providing support for implementation of swachh bharat mission are unable to accomplish the assigned job within the timeline, the letter stated.
the department has also asked the civic authorities to expedite the engagement of swachhagrahis (cleanliness agents) for each municipal ward and ask sanitation experts to co-ordinate with them to identify beneficiaries for household latrines.
besides, the civic body will also have to ensure that the sanitation experts were working in the filed from 8.
30am to 10.
30pm.
apart from co-ordinating with swachhagrahis, they will distribute work orders to the eligible beneficiaries for household latrines and also look after their status.
the civic body will also explore the option of rolling out the mini community toilet scheme, for construction of latrines for a cluster of four to six houses.
we are making efforts to ensure that people stop open defecation.
we have been working with voluntary organisations to sensitise them on the issue and also distributing work orders for individual household latrines through our officers at the ward level.
we will intensify the drive now, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body had initially planned to make 25 slums along janpath free from open defecation by august 15.
however, only about 14 slums have got the status.
andhra pradesh has declared the entire state free from open defecation.
i don't understand why the authorities have failed at a small city like bhubaneswar, said social worker alok mohanty.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body has taken a tough stand on its empanelled sanitation agencies for neglecting their job in various wards.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has warned them to do the cleaning work properly or face a cut in their contract fees.
many councillors had raised the issue, following which the civic body decided to cut the fees by almost half if the sanitation agencies continued their irregular work.
it has also warned the supervisors to cut up to 40 per cent of their fees if they fail to monitor the cleanliness work.
besides, the corporation has also decided to receive grievances related to the sanitary issues from 12noon to 1:30pm every day, which will be received and resolved by an officer in the rank of additional commissioner.
the councillors and citizens can approach the grievance desk at the civic body's headquarters.
we have received complaints from councillors and citizens that the sanitation agencies are not lifting the garbage regularly.
we have called all three agencies and warned them to do their work properly or face action, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said the civic body was committed to maintain cleanliness of the city since the work was outsourced for better management of sanitation.
the next time we received such complaints, we will be forced to take stern action against the agencies, said the mayor.
at present, there are three private sanitation agencies working with the civic body.
sandeep mishraa workshop on measles-rubella vaccination campaign in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the health and family welfare department has asked the municipal corporation to undertake campaigns to support the ground-level officials for the success of the upcoming measles-rubella vaccination drive, which will start here from january 29.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has decided to hold special awareness camps, mainly in the slum settlements, and sensitise people on its importance.
in previous such drives, it was observed that the slum children were often neglected.
so this time, we have decided to have a special focus on them, said a health department official.
the drive will continue for five weeks.
children between the age group of nine months and 15 years will be vaccinated during the drive.
measles is an infectious disease that causes childhood morbidity and mortality among the children under the age of five years.
rubella also can lead to foetal death, spontaneous abortion and a set of serious birth defects known as congenital rubella syndrome when an unimmunised woman is infected during early pregnancy period.
a source from the civic body said they would take the help of various voluntary organisations if needed to generate awareness on measles and rubella.
we are already making efforts to educate people about the consequences of such diseases in the children.
we are also planning to hold street plays to generate awareness, said a civic body official.
this apart, the tourism department has also been asked to conduct cultural programmes with special focus on the importance of measles-rubella vaccination.
a small video clip about the vaccination programme will also be shown at the ongoing light-and-sound show at dahuli and konark, respectively.
after the japanese encephalitis vaccination drive in december last year, the measles-rubella vaccination will be the second biggest awareness drive in odisha.
we will do our level best to ensure that no children is left out in the drive.
we have already identified the vulnerable population living in the slums and decided to target them on particular basis, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrahazardous: used computers dumped at a shop at kharavela nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body on friday launched the e-waste awareness program for bulk consumers from its own office premises under the clean e-bhubaneswar project.
with this, the headquarters of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation became the first government office in the city to undergo such an awareness campaign.
experts have already started educating school students on the importance of e-waste and how one should contribute towards its scientific and systematic management.
it is important to identify bulk e-waste generators.
we have taken the step from our own office and will cover other private and government establishments in later.
e-waste is hazardous and it needs to be processed scientifically, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the event was marked with the commencement of an e-waste collection drive on the bmc office premises on friday.
the bmc plays a significant role in the collaborative model of the project that is bringing together government, private sector and academia to deliberate on e-waste management solutions for bhubaneswar.
the bmc wants to inspire other institutions and bulk consumers to come forward and take part in the clean e-bhubaneswar project, said jena.
zonal deputy commissioner subhranshu mishra suggested gifting of new electronic gadgets or appliances in exchange of e-waste to incentivise better and efficient collection of e-waste across the city.
he called for a scientific and meaningful integration of the informal sector in e-waste management.
bhubaneswar generates nearly 2,700 tonnes of e-waste a year.
sandeep mishrapicture of neglect: a defunct rainwater harvester near rabindra mandap in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: sustainable development is the new mantra to counter the threat of global warming, but the administration here seems least concerned to implement green initiatives planned to maintain environmental balance.
the situation is of concern in the city's real estate sector where the green norms are still in a nascent stage despite the fact that india is one of the leading countries when it comes to green buildings.
india is ranked second after the us in implementing green building norms, according to us green building council.
the united states environment protection agency defines green building construction as the practice of using processes and technologies that are environmentally responsible and energy-efficient throughout the building's lifecycle.
this includes installation of solar rooftop panels, rainwater-harvesting system among others.
the initial cost of constructing a green building is relatively higher than conventional ones.
however, enduring benefits such as low-operating cost, better health and enhanced productivity makes sustainable real estate an extremely viable long-term investment for both developers and consumers, said sangram nayak, a real-estate developer.
apart from private players, the administration has also failed to execute projects such as installation of solar panels and rainwater harvesting system at major government establishments.
the only recent government initiative that tasted success is powering new traffic lights with solar panels.
we have installed the solar panels at a few buildings, including the municipal hospital in old town.
in the near future, we are going to come up with more such initiatives under the smart city mission, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
as part of the smart city project, there were plans to use solar energy to power street lights and install solar panels at major government and private facilities.
it also intends to encourage citizens to opt for solar energy in their households.
however, its implementation has remained a daydream.
bhubaneswar was among the 54 cities selected for conversion into a model solar city.
there were some problems with the energy department for which the plan couldn't materialise, said a civic body official.
though mandated by the centre's model building bylaws, the city administration has also failed to install the rainwater harvesting system at major government establishments and other private apartments.
we have already installed the system at a few places and are in the process of identifying others for the project, said the official.
environmentalist sailabala padhi said:these measures ensure better air quality, enhanced daylight, optimal use of water and electricity and improved health.
unguarded junctionstraffic cops mostly sit back and relax at junctions that have smart signal system.
they leave their posts of duty, exposing the junctions to traffic violations and commuters to risk.
jumping signals has become rampant.
with cops not at their post of duty, people violate signals as there are none to catch them, said satyabrata hota, a commuter on ganganagar square.
waste binsthe municipal corporation has installed large waste bins across the city to maintain cleanliness.
however, several of these iron waste bins have been placed in the middle of the road.
this has exposed motorists to accidents, which often turn fatal.
a few days back, a biker sustained serious injuries when he dashed into one of these bins near stewart school.
the incident could have been averted if the waste bin was placed away from the road, said fruit-seller debashis mandal.
illegal median cutsdespite governments effort to keep a check on illegal median cuts, people continue to violate rules.
illegal median cuts have become a major threat to pedestrians as vehicles suddenly emerge through these cuts.
these median cuts makes the area accident prone and also adds to traffic congestion, said surya nagar resident niraj mishra.
craters on roadsbad roads are a major threat to commuters.
roads in rasulgarh are in bad shape ever since the flyover was thrown open to the public in 2015.
roads running parallel to the flyover are full of potholes.
it is almost three years and the condition of the roads remain the same.
minor accidents are a regular affair here, said rasulgarh resident tutu baliarsingh.
hoarding hurdlethe supreme court's road safety guidelines state that advertisements distracting commuters are not permitted except for those in public interest.
in bhubaneswar violation of the guidelines has become the norm.
this has put commuters at risk.
the master canteen square roundabout is too tricky and irregularly placed hoardings make commuting difficult, said unit iii resident mamata jena.
pile of debrisconstruction activities are going on in full swing across the city.
similarly, dumping of demolition waste and construction materials on the roads has become common.
this encroaches on roads and often causes accidents.
motorists often meet with accidents when they run into dumped materials.
the administration is responsible for being slack in taking action regarding illegal dumping, said sangram sahu, a commuter.
we are repairing the roads periodically and also taking steps to fine those who are dumping debris on the road.
a public toilet near old bus stand in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 7: the civic body has come up with a rigorous standard operating procedure to repair and renovate some of the existing public and community toilets, many of which have been lying defunct, in a bid to improve sanitation facilities.
the move comes days after the announcement of a centre-sponsored cleanliness survey, the swachh survekshan ii, where bhubaneswar finished a dismal 94th out of 434 cities across india.
carried out in january and february, the survey evaluated cities on five parameters - waste collection, solid-waste management, construction of toilets, sanitation strategies and behaviour change communication.
the rankings were based on data provided by municipal corporations, independent assessors and citizen feedback.
we have decided to follow the state government's guidelines to make defunct toilets operational.
we will form a team, which will make field visits and assess their condition.
it will then submit a report on what needs to be done to re-open the toilets, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the list will then be handed over to the public health engineering organisation, which will float tenders or itself take up renovation of the toilets.
the civic body also has specific designs in mind for the toilets that need renovation, including accessibility to cesspool emptier, provision of ramps for the differently-abled, adequate ventilation and anti-skid flooring.
these toilets would also have overhead water tanks.
separate entrances for men and women, adequate lighting at the entrances, lift cock taps in each cubicle, waste bins in each cubicle, hand wash facility are among the other amenities that the civic body has in mind.
it will also ensure that user charges are written clearly at the entrance.
besides, it would make the complex caretaker responsible to ensure the toilets are not used for unlawful activities.
we framed the standard operating procedure having considered past problems.
it will help ensure better management, said jena.
the administration is also in the process of constructing more toilets in different key locations of the city.
it is in the process of constructing 26 community toilets and 27 public toilets under project samman.
the toilets under this project are being constructed as a joint venture with the bill and melinda gates foundation and the national building construction corporation as the building partner.
another 32 hybrid toilets under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation scheme, in collaboration with sulabh international, are also coming up.
sulabh has taken up the project in design-build-maintain mode.
there will be three types of toilet complexes, which will have five, seven and 10 seats.
sulabh sources said a 10-seat toilet would cost rs 25 lakh.
at present, the civic body has 32 public toilets and 40 community toilets in various parts of the city.
the administration plans to finish the renovation work by the year-end.
the world health organisation's guideline on sanitation ensures at least one public toilet for every 100 persons in urban areas such as bhubaneswar.
accordingly, the capital should have nearly 10,000 toilets for its 10 lakh-odd residents.
however, it has less than 100 at present, excluding the facilities of sulabh.
public toilets are a rarity here.
the civic body has not provided enough toilets, forcing many to urinate in the open.
the situation for women is worse.
i hope the problem will be solved, said unit iii resident binayak rath.
cesspool emptiers stationed in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 11: the civic body will identify a temporary disposal site before the construction and operation of a sewerage treatment plant in the city to avoid indiscriminate dumping of faecal sludge and septage.
the move aims to check various diseases, including jaundice, as well as to save the environment.
the state has come up with a guideline for safe management of faecal sludge.
it is necessary to ensure the same in spirit, said a housing and urban development department official.
he said the department had also issued a standard operating procedure for the cesspool emptier on how to dispose of the sludge in the temporary site.
we have asked the civic body to identify the site and also adhere to the procedure prescribed for the cesspool emptier, said the official.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has come up with a sanitation plan, which puts special focus on safe management of septage and faecal sludge.
faecal contamination comes as a major reason of disease such as jaundice in recent past.
it is necessary to manage the sludge in a proper manner and we are taking all-round efforts, said a corporation official.
it could be either near the temporary transit station near the sainak school or our dumping ground at bhuasuni.
we will erect the trench on priority basis and begin using it by the end of this month.
moreover, we have also asked our partner to expedite the work on construction of the treatment plant, said jena.
the civic body has identified a site at kalinga nagar to build the plant.
it will treat about 48 million litres of sludge every day.
sources said it would be operational by the end of this year.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the state government has started preparations for yet another popular project - this time for women - to encourage safe sanitation practices among them.
it will provide free sanitary napkins to adolescent girls across the state.
a meeting will be held shortly to determine the modalities of the scheme.
chief secretary a.p. padhi will chair the meeting, where officials from the school and mass education, higher education, women and child development and the social security and health departments will deliberate on the scheme, said a health and family welfare department official.
the government's move comes in the wake of the akshay kumar starrer padman, where the protagonist advocates on menstrual hygiene among the women and the use of sanitary pads, making waves on social media.
sources said the scheme would target schools and colleges in the first phase before introducing it for all.
the government plans to install napkin vending machines at educational institutions where girls could get pads for free.
kerala became the first indian state to launch a similar scheme where sanitary napkins are provided for free to girls in government schools last november.
odisha would replicate a similar model, sources said.
the officials said a pilot initiative would be taken up here, and based on its findings, the scheme would be rolled out in other parts of the state.
the government will take the help of a private firm, which will produce the pads and generate awareness among the girls.
according to the national family health survey 2015-16, only 47.
4 per cent girls in the 15-24 age group use hygienic methods of protection during their menstrual period in the state.
the percentage in rural area is 42.
8 per cent, while in urban belts it is 70 per cent.
the civic body has installed pad vending machines in 10 of its toilets, where girls get three pads in one packet for rs 10.
we will explore the options to provide the pads for free.
we always encourage safe sanitation practices, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrahow to save a life: volunteers of civil defence take part in a mock drill on response to disaster and survival to create awareness about disaster management at fire station square in bhubaneswar on saturday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state government has decided to conduct special exhibitions and mock drills in the city with a special focus on major educational institutions.
the drive aims to make people ready during any possible natural disasters and keep them safe and sound.
the exhibitions and mock drills will be conducted in consultation with the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the odisha state disaster management authority.
the civic body will identify places for putting up the exhibitions, while the disaster management authority will make efforts to conduct mock drills in the education institutions.
odisha is a natural disaster-prone state, and there is a need to make people aware of the possible consequences and train them to be ready during the advent of any such event.
we have planned to intensify our activities, for which the exhibitions and mock drills at the educational institutions are planned, said an official of the disaster management authority.
sources said live demonstration on relief and rescue operations would be conducted in the exhibitions, along with the past successes and failures of the government in tackling situation during major disasters, including the 1999 super cyclone and phailin and hudhud of 2014 and 2015, respectively.
the situation is quite worse in the state's coastal pockets, where the fear of cyclones always looms large.
the state government indeed succeeded during phailin, but it had failed in 1999.
people need to be involved in such operations, and it is a good move to make them aware in such a manner, said social worker alok kar.
besides bhubaneswar, the disaster management authority also planned to organise similar exhibitions and mock drills in cuttack, balasore, bhadrak, sambalpur, puri, berhampur, rourkela and baripada.
officials said the activities would be extended to other disaster-prone districts in the later stage.
our officials will begin identifying the places to hold the exhibition.
we will help the authorities in organising the exhibitions and mock drills at the educational institutions.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body will introduce a single integrated website, using which citizens would be able to reserve services, including bouquet hall bookings as well as applications for birth, marriage and death certificates.
the website - sampark - could also be used to air grievances related to civic issues besides applying for rooms at the yatri nivas on the cuttack-puri road, and bookings for cesspool and mahayatra vehicles.
citizens can log in to www.
sampark.
bmc.gov.
in for a number of our services.
the website is currently under development and once all the required data is incorporated, it will be launched for the people, said a senior civic official.
sources said the civic body was aiming to strengthen its online service with the new website.
sources said the new website was part of national mission mode project that aimed to introduce more online services.
the project is nearing completion, and we have introduced a number of services under it already, said another civic official.
the name of the website itself defines the connection between us and the people.
online services are easier to get, and it would also give the people an opportunity to reach out to us with ease, said jena.
b'the civic body\'s council meeting takes place in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 30: the municipal corporation has come up with an array of plans that includes maintaining colony parks and setting up two modern abattoirs.
at its monthly meeting held today, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation today decided to hire an independent agency to take care of ill-maintained colony parks across the city.
at present, the civic body controls 20 colony parks in the city.
earlier, the onus was on respective resident welfare associations to maintain these parks.
after developing the parks, the corporation used to hand them over to the associations in the fifth year.
it was the duty of these associations to maintain the parks.
the earlier mode of maintaining the parks through the resident welfare associations was successful in a few cases, while it was a failure elsewhere.
many parks remain in a bad shape.
so, we have decided to take up the work.
a tender will be floated to select a private agency for the job, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the mayor said non-cooperation of welfare associations was responsible for the poor state of the parks.
in addition to maintaining the parks, civic officials have proposed to build two modern abattoirs in the city.
sources said the councillors had been asked to identify land for the project.
the abattoirs will help avoid open slaughter of animals and ensure scientific slaughtering of goats and lambs.
the construction of the first such abattoir at gadakana is on in full swing.
it is likely to be completed in the next six to eight months.
we believe that one abattoir is not sufficient to meet the residents\' demand.
so, we have decided to build more such facilities.
each one will come up over one acre, said a civic body official.
besides, the corporation will further form a special sanitation team to undertake cleanliness drives along conservancy lanes, which are otherwise dumped with waste, including construction and demolition debris.
the space between rows of houses are called conservancy lane.
the poorly maintained lanes have triggered the fear of various diseases.
the civic body rarely cleans the conservancy lanes that remain unhygienic and invite deadly diseases.
we had taken up the cleanliness job at some places in our locality.
but we stopped the process as we didn\'t get any support.
i hope the civic body is serious about their decision and will clean the lanes appropriately, said unit-ii resident kalicharan jena.
in another development, the civic body got a favourable verdict in the bhuasani dumping yard issue from the national green tribunal.
the hearing was held today in calcutta and deputy municipal commissioner srimanta mishra was present.
the representatives of daruthenga village had filed a miscellaneous case to stay the public hearing on the dumping yard issue, which is scheduled on june 6.
however, the tribunal today rejected the case, mishra said.
the tribunal will hold its final hearing in the case on july 31.
(from top) waste and discarded vegetables scattered outside saheed nagar vegetable market, unit-iv daily market, unit-i daily market and the area outside bmc keshari mall in bhubaneswar on tuesdayunit i vegetable marketover 600 shopkeepers and vendors do business at this busy marketplace that is visited by over 10,000 persons every day.
cleanliness is a prime casualty here as most vendors do not have waste bins and continue to throw garbage everywhere.
this busy market stinks of stale vegetable and cleanliness seems to be the last priority, said jayanti moharana, a shopper.
unit iv vegetable and meat marketparameters for getting a swachh bazaar tag include using plastic bags above 50 microns and proper disposal of wastes.
however, vendors and shopkeepers here do not follow these criteria.
they continue to use recycled black polythene for non-vegetarian items.
such poly bags are not good for health and should be banned, but the civic body remains mum to the violation, said environmentalist alok mohanty.
unit ii market buildingthough it is one of the most visited markets because of the wide variety of stuff it offers, the vendors do not keep waste bins.
the place is swept twice daily, but wastes are found dumped are many places.
the lack of a public toilet makes people urinate in the open.
the absence of a toilet makes the situation worse for women.
the civic body should do something about it.
however, the market is clean compared to others, said dibakar jena, a shopper.
saheed nagar vegetable marketthis market is a lifeline for those living in this posh locality.
the look, however, is of a rural market.
the shops are small and the area is congested.
the place lacks proper drainage and toilets.
being a congested market, sanitation is not proper.
the place should be revamped.
cleanliness is a major casualty here and the market stinks of stale vegetables and meat, said nilesh pati, a resident.
race for clean tagthe housing and urban development department has directed the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to identify major markets and declare those as swachh bazaar if they conform to certain parameters.
though the markets have a long way to go before they can be termed clean, the department has set a deadline of march 31.
with bhubaneswar taking part in swachh survekshan iii, a four-member central team is carrying out a survey to check whether the city meets the prescribed cleanliness parameters.
the team will also interact with the civic body officials and take a tour of the city, including its markets.
it will also take inputs from citizens for the national level survey.
however, the city is likely to lose crucial points as most of the markets are in poor shape.
we have already directed shopkeepers and vendors to keep waste bins at their premises.
we will ask our officials to visit the markets and sensitise the vendors about cleanliness.
if they continue to violate, the vendors will be penalised, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraeyesore: garbage strewn near jayadev bhavan in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: on friday, the city slipped to 261, its lowest-ever rank in the centre's swachh city dashboard that rates cities and towns on cleanliness parameters.
several initiatives of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to improve the city's sanitation situation are not yielding desirable results.
the low rank is the reflection of the citizens' unhappiness over the corporation's poor performance in keeping the city clean.
the daily ranking on the national dashboard is based on the inputs received from the citizens.
ironically, the ranking of the city has witnessed a steep dip in the past few months and there is no sign of improvement.
across the country, 4,041 cities and towns are taking part in the survey.
when it comes to the state, the city occupies the second position, while sambalpur topped the chart with an impressive national rank of 139.
since the advent of the swachh city dashboard in april last year, bhubaneswar best national rank was 59.
however, poor sanitation work led to the city slowly losing its good position over time.
the telegraph had in february reported about the under-performance of the city when bhubaneswar's slipped to the 185th position.
if that was bad, friday's rank of 261 has left the authorities worried.
the civic body claims to have made every effort to lure citizens to take part in the cleanliness mission and the ongoing swachh survekshan iii to get good marks and better its rank in the national level survey.
the corporation took the help of various social media platforms, organised street shows, held community meetings and even rolled out a swachh survekshan tableau.
however, the efforts have failed to win the hearts of citizens here.
they are unhappy with the city's cleanliness and have shown no interest in taking part in the survey.
the city authorities did intensify the cleanliness activities in january, but the activities stopped abruptly.
this is weird, said gaja vihar resident prathana mishra.
the swachh city report card of bhubaneswar shows that it has 989 registered users, who share inputs on the state of cleanliness.
but only 267 are active, while the rest are passive users.
the city has got only 65 responses on cleanliness.
of them, 27 are satisfied, 36 are unhappy while two remain neutral.
we always ask the citizens to put their suggestions based on which we will take steps to improve any particular parameter.
i will look into the matter and take action if any of our sanitation agencies are found not doing their job properly, said jena.
a screenshot of the state capital portal bhubaneswar, may 7: the government wants to replicate model of the portal on state capital in eight other cities of the state.
the new portals containing information on various civic facilities would be launched in cuttack, sambalpur, berhampur, baripada, balasore, rourkela, bhadrak and puri.
just like bhubaneswarone, the portals would be named after the respective cities.
bhubaneswarone is a one-stop information site that gives the people of the city information on an array of things - ranging from the contact details of hospitals and hotels to hangout zones and markets - at the click of a mouse.
chief minister naveen patnaik had inaugurated bhubaneswarone in july last year.
the portal was designed as part of the smart city project of bhubaneswar.
the proposed portals will be enabled with a satellite map of the respective cities and provide navigation facility.
the national informatics centre will design and manage all the portals.
we have called a meeting to discuss the modalities to introduce the service for the people of the eight cities.
bhubaneswarone is a hit with the people of the capital city, and this has inspired us to replicate the model in other cities as well, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
bhubaneswarone provides information about nearby markets, malls, parks, hospital, places of interest and a host of other things.
if someone searches for kharavela nagar, the portal will provide information about what is happening at ekamra haat, big bazaar and exhibition ground, which are located in and around kharavela nagar.
bhubaneswarone was actually a replica of the onemap of singapore.
we have planned to introduce such a facility for the people of the city here under the smart city project.
the project is already helping the people, said bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jena.
kharavela nagar resident akankshya rath welcomed the move.
but along with the portals, the authorities should also consider introducing apps for use in smartphone, so that more people can use it conveniently and on the go, she said.
our correspondenta hoarding displaying the list of tax defaulters at bda city centre in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation is planning to introduce an alert mechanism to let taxpayers know their deadlines and dues.
the municipal corporation will develop the mechanism with the help of the technical assistant support unit of the housing and urban development department where messages will be delivered to taxpayers as well as defaulters informing them about their dues as well as the schedule date of payment.
the mechanisms will first be introduced for holding tax.
later, it would be replicated for other tax and fees payment such as user fees, trade licence fees and advertisement tax among others.
officials said this was among the activities aimed at improving the revenue collection status for the civic body.
we have already decided to introduce a fully online payment system for holding tax.
it will be done under the e-governance module of the state government.
the reminders will be send to the tax payers via sms or mails making them aware of their dues and date of payment, said an official.
in order to execute this plan, the civic body will issue a public notice asking the taxpayers to register their mobile numbers as well as email addresses.
the civic body's tax collectors will also get into the job to collect the mobile numbers and email addresses of the persons while conducting the door-to-door collection.
the housing and urban development department has already fixed a revenue collection target of rs 180 crore for the civic body in the current fiscal.
the civic body has also been asked to collect rs 65 crore alone in the form of holding tax during 2018-19 fiscal.
the revenue collection of the civic body in the previous fiscal reached a record-breaking high of rs 135 crore as compared to rs 100 crore in 2016-17.
the civic body had collected rs 41 crore alone from holding tax, which was an all-time record for them.
we have informed people about their dues.
we did publish their names on our websites and the hoardings.
the alert system now came as another addition.
it often happens that people forget about the date.
the reminder system will help them, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
cuttack, aug.
10: orissa high court has termed illegal the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's practice of collecting rs 1,000 from newlyweds towards maintenance of heritage buildings.
the court has ruled that compulsory collection of rs 1,000 at the time of registration of marriage in addition to fees prescribed for it is arbitrary, unreasonable and contrary to the provisions of law.
the court has also quashed the civic body's resolution for introduction of the levy that was passed nearly a decade ago.
the odisha hindu marriages registration rules, 1960, entailed payment of fees of rs 2 and rs 5 for registration and collection of a certified copy for an entry made in the register, respectively.
but, the civic body had levied an additional fee of rs 1,000 to grant marriage certificates on the basis of a resolution passed by it on october 30, 2006.
the civic body's standing committee for taxation, finance and accounts, had on october 18, 2006, recommended introduction of the tax.
lawyer harihara panigrahi had filed a pil challenging the collection of rs 1,000 in the name of donation for maintenance of heritage buildings in bhubaneswar from newlyweds.
not paying the donation used to result the marriage not being registered.
defending its stand, the civic body had told the court that the odisha municipal corporation act, 2003, had authorised it to collect voluntary contribution/donation towards the cost for maintenance of the heritage buildings.
voluntary contributions can be received by the municipal corporation for maintenance of heritage buildings.
but nowhere has power been vested with the municipal corporation to collect contributions compulsorily, the division bench of chief justice vineet saran and justice b.r. sarangi ruled while disposing of the petition.
applying the meaning of the word 'donation' to the present context, it appears that the collection of fees of rs 1,000 in the shape of donation does not amount to voluntarily transferring the same.
rather the amount in question is being collected under a compulsion, which is not permissible under law, the bench observed in its july 28 order, a copy of which was made available publicly yesterday.
accordingly, the court also quashed the recommendation on the issue made by the civic body's standing committee for taxation, finance and accounts on october 18, 2006, and also the municipal corporation's october 30, 2006, resolution accepting it.
the people here have welcomed the high court order.
reacting to the decision, narayan ojha, who got married recently, said the waiver of the donation was a big relief for everyone.
a thousand rupees is a lot of money.
not everyone who is getting married can afford to pay it, said ojha.
his wife suchismita mishra echoed his views, while adding that the order would benefit everyone.
on an average, the bhubaneswar civic body issues about 1,000 marriage certificates every year.
we will abide by the ruling of the court if it asks us to stop the collections.
however, we are yet to get any such direction, said jena.
another couple, swapnesh and shyamali nayak, who came to the civic body's office in bhubaneswar for their marriage registration, also expressed relief at the court order.
heritage buildings are the face of the city.
but, why should only newlyweds be charged for its maintenance?
if the civic body is so concerned about these buildings, they should collect such fees from everyone, said shyamali.
our correspondentunkept promises: a damaged water kiosk at ananda bazar square in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body's lax attitude in maintaining water kiosks across the city has left residents incensed.
the soaring temperatures in bhubaneswar has compounded the problems for people who gave vent to their ire against the civic body.
they inaugurated the kiosk here in 2016, but it became defunct soon after since the civic body was never regular in filling those, said baramunda resident satyam mishra.
defunct or broken water kiosks dot the city.
it has enraged people.
they have broken the taps out of anger, said mishra, a shopkeeper.
the conditions of kiosks at unit-i, unit-viii, kharavela nagar, sachivalaya marg, madusudan marg and ananda bazaar square mirror each other.
it is not wise of the civic body to leave the kiosks in such a state.
these are meant to quench the thirst of people, but it is not serving its purpose, said social worker alok kar.
the civic body inaugurates such kiosks every year during local self-government day.
it has also collaborated with a private firm to introduce 100 more such kiosks besides the water atms and makeshift kiosks.
however, neither the water atms nor the kiosks or the recently opened standalone jala chhatras serve their purpose.
bhubaneswar has 40 water atms, 100 jala chhatras and several kiosks.
i will direct the division concerned to restore the defunct kiosks.
we are making attempts to sensitise people on the use of water atms, said mayor anantanarayanjena adding that 100 jal seva sibirs had been set up for people.
sandeep mishraaerial view of bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has targeted the petty tax defaulters of the city to increase its revenue collection, mainly out of holding tax.
the bhubaneswa municipal corporation has come up with a list of tax defaulters in a ward-wise manner and appointed nearly 21 tax collectors to accomplish the job.
the tax collectors will visit the defaulters' houses and collect the due amounts from them before march 31.
we have made the list and put it up on our website.
the tax collectors have already swung into action and are visiting the houses to collect the due amounts.
we have fixed the targets for them, and at the same time, given them the power to penalise the defaulters, said a civic body official.
according to the list, there are about 205 defaulters identified from as many as 22 wards of the city.
the officials are targeting to collect an amount of rs 3 crore from them both in the fields of current due amounts and arrears.
in january, the civic body had served red notices to the major holding tax defaulters and warned them of dire action if they failed to pay the tax before march 31.
the officials had then served notices to about 284 defaulters and targeted a collection of about rs 9 crore.
we are not going to spare anyone this time.
the tax collection is important to undertake various projects in the city.
the collected money will only be spent on the service of citizens.
we request them to co-operate, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the housing and urban development department had slammed the civic body twice for low revenue collection, especially from holdings.
during a review meeting chaired by chief secretary aditya padhi last october, the target had been set for the corporation.
revenue mobilisation is one of the important factors for all urban local bodies.
not only the corporation, but also the other urban local bodies of the state are not doing well in revenue collection.
each of them got their targets and was directed to accomplish the same in time, said a department official.
the corporation, while presenting its annual budget for the coming fiscal, set a target of collecting rs 46.
49 crore towards holding tax.
we want to make 100 per cent collection of holding tax this time.
the collectors will do the job, and if they fail, action will be taken against them, said another civic official.
our correspondentrain pain: file picture of acharya vihar residents negotiating accumulated rainwaterbhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has asked the civic body here to take steps to avoid urban flooding or waterlogging in the city with the local meteorological centre predicting advance arrival of southwest monsoon to the state.
the southwest monsoon is likely to enter the state in the first week of june.
the department has issued a set of action plan and directed the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to comply with it.
the plan mainly focuses on cleaning and de-silting of the drains besides clearing encroachments made over the covered drains in the city.
it is a regular exercise to come up with the action plan and distribute the same among the urban local bodies for taking steps to avoid urban flooding or waterlogging during monsoon.
the civic body will now fix a timeline prior to the arrival of monsoon and take steps accordingly, said a department official.
the civic body will first take steps to de-silt the drains and inspect the manholes and other peripheral drains to ensure that those are functioning properly, and if not, take steps to repair those on priority basis.
the roads, under which the manholes are placed, will be inspected on urgent basis, it said.
the department has directed the civic body to clear the encroachments made over the covered drains, and if it reoccurs, take action according to legal provisions.
the civic body will also identify the flood spots and put measures to dewater the areas using pumps during heavy rain.
the guideline also maintained that civic employees would have to put strict vigilance over the drainage channels and take steps to ensure smooth flow of wastewater.
besides, the civic authorities have also been entrusted to make sure that the drains do not clogged because of plastic waste.
use of polythene in the urban areas is a major cause for drain clogging, leading to waterlogging in the adjacent low-lying areas.
the authorities were asked to look after it, said the official.
the authorities will put up measures for relief and rescue operations for people residing in the low-lying areas if they get stuck in during urban flooding during heavy rain.
it also has plans to keep ready a stand-by rescue team with adequate equipment and operationalise a control room to receive distress calls.
we have received the action plan from the department and will convene a meeting to go ahead for its implementation.
we have already started inspecting the drains and taking up their repair work.
besides, we will star the de-silting work rigorously throughout the city shortly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the civic body has passed a resolution to include the area, where the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) is located, into its own boundary.
after the inclusion, about 436 acres, including the shijua area where the institute has come up, will come within the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) limits.
the civic body will now install street lights, construct roads and drains and provide more city bus facility to the area.
the telegraph had on several occasions reported about the problems faced by the people around aiims due to its non-inclusion in the civic boundary.
former aiims director ashok kumar mahapatra as well as the present chief, gitanjali batmanabane, had apprised the government of the problems.
we are happy that the government has finally taken note of the problems faced by our employees and the people living around the area.
i hope the civic body will take all-round efforts to provide better services to the people here, said an aiims administrator.
the panchayat had given a no-objection, after which the district administration prepared the papers.
now after the issuance of the final notification on tuesday, the area is included, said jena.
patients visiting the institute also heaved a sigh of relief at the development.
since aiims provides better health care services in affordable manner, more people are visiting it.
we hope that better roads, street lights and other amenities will boast the facilities for the people here, said hitesh mehta, a patient's attendant from cuttack.
moreover, the area had become criminals' den due to defunct street lights and inadequate police patrolling.
with adequate management of the infrastructure, we hope that criminal activities will be curbed, said a paramedic of the institute.
besides, with the inclusion of shijua in the civic boundary, the corporation would increase its number of wards to at least 70 from the present 67.
sources said it was a usual process before the urban local body elections every five years.
the civic body election is scheduled next year.
sandeep mishramoney matters: civic officials discuss the draft budget in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has started preparations for its annual budget for the 2018-19 fiscal with focus on strengthening the welfare schemes, slum redevelopment and sanitation.
the officials held a pre-budget meeting last week where the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's finance division, with initial inputs, proposed a draft budget of rs 422 crore.
the civic body's standing committee chairman and other civic officials held a detailed discussion on the draft budget at the meeting.
we have decided to allot more funds to strengthen welfare schemes for citizens.
besides, we will put emphasis on slum rehabilitation and redevelopment projects.
the draft budget will be presented before civic officials and councillors in the upcoming council meeting for their approval, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
besides slum redevelopment and welfare schemes, the corporation will also allot funds to improve the city's sanitation.
we always prioritise sanitation.
the are only two years left for the conclusion of the swachh bharat mission and, since we need to be in the race, it will again be a priority, said a civic official.
the civic body's chief finance officer labanya sabar said the draft budget was prepared based on standing committee inputs.
it will go through one more phase of amendment when inputs from other officials and councillors are added to it.
the final budget will come up in february, said sabar.
sources said the civic body would have a special budget session in february when it would be finalised and sent to the housing and urban development department for approval.
according to rules, all urban local bodies should finalise their budgets by february, said an urban development department official.
the corporation's budget for the 2017-18 fiscal was rs 384.
49 crore, while that for the previous fiscal was rs 331.
93 crore.
every year, the corporation increases its budget and it is approved by the government.
they should ensure that the funds are utilised in the correct manner, said unit-i resident lalit nath, a retired schoolteacher.
labourers work on a drainage channel at acharya vihar in bhubaneswar on thursday.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, aug.
25: two months after the drainage division started to operate from the municipal corporations office, drain management is emerging as a priority for the civic body.
the drainage division was supposed to start operations a year earlier.
while some areas are benefiting from their work, residents in the city's low-lying areas have complained that not enough was being done and waterlogging during monsoon remains a big problem.
civic body officials said in the first phase the drainage division had taken up several drain-related works, which includes construction of culverts at saheed nagar, acharya vihar, jayadev vihar and nayapalli.
it has also begun construction of drains along national highway 5 at patia, behera sahi, tarini basti, badei tank, baramunda, irc village, nayapalli and aiginia.
nayapalli resident asit sahani appreciated that the civic body was constructing and repairing drains in the area.
a few localities here face waterlogging during rains.
rainwater stays accumulated on the roads for days.
i hope the new drains will solve these problems, said sahani, a corporate employee.
the tenders for construction of culverts and drains have been invited in two phases.
the work on the first phase has been almost completed while work on the second phase will begin shortly, said jena.
in july, the division had begun constructing drains in ward nos.
12, 17 and 18.
four major drains were built and repaired in these three wards, all of which fall in the first phase of the project.
pedestrians use wooden benches to cross a waterlogged street at samantarapur in bhubaneswar on thursday.
we will accomplish the task in a phased manner.
the process is easy and transparent.
in the current phase, we spent nearly rs 1.
46 crore to complete the task of drain construction, said a civic body official.
people living low-lying areas such as acharya vihar, old town and ggp colony, however, are complaining that the civic body is prioritising the areas where there were fewer drain-related issues over the localities where the problem is bigger.
ggp colony resident gayadhar swain said: it is getting difficult for us to move around in the locality because of waterlogging caused by the absence of proper drains.
overflowing drains remain a pain for residents of samantarapur in old town.
the main road as well as vacant plots here remained submerged in rainwater forcing people to take to balancing perilously on benches to reach their destination.
the area falls in ward no.
59.
we placed benches to walk over the inundated roads.
something needs to be done quickly to resolve this problem, said nihar sahu, a student who lives in the area.
asked about construction of drains in the low-lying areas, a civic body official said these localities had already been identified and tenders floated for work.
the work will be done in the next phase, he said.
overflowing drains are a grim reality for residents who live near the saheed nagar flyover, which has been under construction over the past three years.
during heavy rain, rainwater even overflows into homes and the roads are waterlogged for days.
we are constructing the flyover on a war footing.
the work on the rasulgarh side will be completed shortly after which the civic body may continue with their drain construction, said chief engineer (roads) o.p. patel.
local resident harapriya nayak said they had been facing these problems for a long time.
the officials have constructed one part of the drain a few months ago and then stopped the work.
this has led to waterlogging during heavy rain when the water, finding no way out, flows into our houses.
the stagnant water emits foul smell, said nayak.
to streamline drain management in the city, the state government plans to send officials of the works department to mumbai.
there they will undergo training in urban drainage management at the indian institute of technology, powai.
the officials will learn new techniques of drain management in urban areas.
the training programme will be held on three days from september 15 in mumbai, said a source.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: groups of artist brainstormed with administrative authorities and finalised a vision document for uniform development of the state capital under the smart city mission at a two-day workshop on art that concluded here on saturday.
the vision document will include major goals such as developing art, culture, community space that are safe inclusive and childfriendly, conserving and promoting environmental elements such as green and blue corridors, creating awareness on urban issues through art and formation of an urban art advisory.
the document, which will be published shortly, will have components such ancient art and traditional architectural style of the temple city.
this will be executed as components of the smart city project.
the entire city will also be beautified in keeping with the document.
there is a need of a specific plan to develop the city in an comprehensive manner.
we are planning to take out a second phase of city beautification for the upcoming hockey world cup and the vision document will play a vital role in it.
the city will be developed in an uniform manner, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
khandagiri caves and (left) participants at the art workshop in bhubaneswar on sunday.
pictures by ashwinee patiat the concluding day of the workshop on sunday, members from the bhubaneswar urban knowledge centre, ila panda centre for art, utsha foundation and jatin das centre of art took part and provided their inputs in drafting the city's vision document.
bhubaneswar is known for its beautiful monuments dating back to 2nd century bc.
the temples of kalingan era are a treat to watch.
besides, the stone carvings from 6th century ad to 15th century ad are just another add on.
we have umpteen number of heritage structures that displays our excellence in public art, said a participant at the workshop.
the artists say such a treasure should not be seen as history, but incorporated in a manner in the modern city that would go a long way for the learning of the coming generations.
we need to keep our art and tradition intact for the future generation, but it should be done in a manner that it would never be forgotten in the future, said jayant patra, art lover and kharvela nagar resident.
sources said the city administration was considering formation of an art advisory body under the smart city mission, which would give inputs and suggestions for its development and keeping the heritage treasure intact.
besides, a pilot project titled art of possible will also be implemented here in the near future, they added.
a man carries the body of his child at malkangiri district headquarters hospital.
the child died of japanese encephalitis.
picture by ratnakar dash bhubaneswar, oct.
10: with increasing deaths because of the japanese encephalitis in tribal districts of the state, the municipal corporation started spreading awareness about the disease in vulnerable pockets of the city.
according to officials, the vector-borne disease has so far claimed 45 lives in 31 days in tribal-dominated malkangiri.
as the death toll continues to rise, the state government has decided to undertake cleanliness drive in bordering koraput district to curb mosquito menace.
as part of spreading awareness, the civic body chose salia sahi, a slum in the city where officials, including the sanitary inspectors, health workers and a team from the national health mission, undertook a special drive for disinfecting the vulnerable areas yesterday.
the officials have also undertaken a cleanliness drive with bush cutting and drain desilting in the area.
all vector-borne diseases, including the japanese encephalitis, malaria and the dengue, need to be prevented with proper awareness.
if people are aware of symptoms of such diseases, it could be easily prevented, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
in the drive, the residents were asked not to keep pigs in and around the area - which may create serious health hazards in spreading of the japanese encephalitis virus.
pigs are the main source of this disease, which has played havoc in malkangiri.
this should not be repeated in any part of the state, for which the people need to be educated, said jena.
it is a timely move of the civic body to conduct such an awareness drive in the city.
everyone should keep in mind that prevention is better than cure, said director of health services kailash dash.
dash said the state government was taking all possible efforts to take care of the people and prevent further spread of this vector-borne disease in malkangiri.
it is also taking precautionary measures to check the spread of the disease in other parts of the state.
pigs are the main source of the disease.
they should be isolated from the human habitations, said the director.
jayadev vihar resident harapriya mohanty said the bhubaneswar municipal corporation should ensure that no pigs should be found in the city.
it is rare to see pigs in the capital city except some slum areas.
the civic body officials should identify those places and undertake measures to control the menace, said mohanty.
in another development, the state government today decided to provide free food to children and expectant mothers in the affected areas in malkangiri.
moreover, the national health mission has also sought permission from the centre for provision of encephalitis vaccine for distribution in other districts of the state to avoid the spread.
file picture of a cleanliness awareness rally by college students in bhubaneswar bhubaneswar, jan 23: the civic body will rope in volunteers of the national service scheme from various colleges in the city to spread the message of cleanliness among residents.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has taken the decision just ahead of the second edition of the swachh survekshyan in which bhubaneswar is competing with 499 cities of the country.
to begin with, the civic body will sensitise students of city schools and colleges with the help of the nss volunteers.
citizen feedback is one of the key components in the upcoming cleanliness survey, which alone carries 600 marks out of a total of 2,000.
a positive feedback has become essential from the part of our responsible citizens to keep the state capital ahead in the ranking, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body has already held a meeting with utkal university's nss cell in which coordinators of around 15 colleges had taken part and pledged to extend help to the initiative.
environmentalist sailabala padhi welcomed the move and said: it is a good move by the city administration to initiate the process from the ground level.
there is a need for all-round support if the city wants to improve its rank on the cleanliness parameter.
the civic body has already made swachhata labs operational on various college campuses to create awareness among the youths on use of the swachhata app.
we have already initiated the process to sensitise the citizens.
now, the nss volunteers will act as goodwill ambassadors for promoting the activities of swachh bharat mission, said jena.
last year, bhubaneswar had taken part in the first edition of the national cleanliness survey and was ranked 24th among 73 competing cities.
the city had then secured 434 marks out of an average total of 500 marks in the sanitation challenge.
in the citizen's feedback section last year, 87 per cent said they had individual toilets while another 41 per cent confirmed that there was the provision of daily door-to-door garbage collection in the city.
like the previous year, the officials of the union ministry of urban development will also come and take feedback directly from the citizens this year as well.
the communication cell of the civic body said people could call the toll-free numbers 1969 or 1800-111-969 or could visit the website of swachh bharat mission (urban) and cast their votes on various parameters.
it seems that the civic body has suddenly woke up to make the city clean.
i am surprised to see now that the sweepers are cleaning the main roads twice a day instead of the earlier practice of doing it only in the morning.
i hope that the municipal officials continue this practice even once the survey is over.
however, the way things are going now makes me sure that bhubaneswar will get a better rank this year, said rasulgarh resident janmejaya rath.
people having food at an aahaar outlet in bhubaneswar.
picture ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 23: the state government has framed strict guidelines to ensure that food served under aahaar cheap meal scheme is good in quality and service impeccable.
the government has asked officials handling the scheme to stick to the guidelines.
the government has asked respective urban local bodies of the state, where the aahaar centres are located, to assess and maintain the quantity and quality of the food.
it also stressed maintaining hygiene and cleanliness at the centres.
there were some operational issues at aahaar centres, which arose because of misunderstandings between the urban local bodies and respective implementing partners.
we have issued a comprehensive guideline to remove these discrepancies and ensure smooth service at the centres, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
the guidelines maintain that electricity dues, water charges, watch and ward charges, daily cleaning charges, along with regular repair and maintenance of fittings, should be taken care of with funds available with the urban local body instead of depending on the implementing agencies.
aahaar is a cheap meal programme that had been started in april 2015 by the state government to provide lunch to the urban poor at rs 5 per meal.
the scheme was started in bhubaneswar and subsequently expanded to other districts.
there are 111 aahaar centres functioning in all the 30 districts catering to nearly 1.
11 lakh people.
the population of the urban poor in the cities and towns across the state is increasing.
the aahaar scheme aims to provide them quality food at a low cost.
we have got the guidelines from the government and will implement it to ensure smooth service delivery at the aahaar centre, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the state government has also asked the urban local bodies to frame their own standard operating procedure to maintain the quality of services at aahaar centres.
accordingly, the civic bodies can frame their own procedure to ensure proper disposal of unutilised food and periodical checks of the food quality.
the guideline also stresses on holding meetings of the district and city aahaar societies regularly.
they can hold meetings and appoint one nodal officer each to coordinate with state aahaar society in case of any confusion or discrepancies between the parties, said another official of the housing and urban development department.
the state government had already put a central monitoring mechanism at the housing and urban development for web monitoring of the aahar outlets.
the mechanism enabled the officials to keep a close watch on the activities of the scheme on a live monitoring basis with surveillance of the centre with closed circuit television cameras.
pb anand (extreme right) with residents of the proposed town centre district area in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 12: p.b. anand, a faculty member from uk's bradford university, was in the city to meet and discuss with officials of the bhubaneswar smart city limited aspects of inclusiveness in the smart city project.
anand visited the masjid colony within the proposed bhubaneswar town centre district (btcd) along the janpath, both of which have been selected for the area-based development as part of the smart city mission and held discussions with accredited social health activists, auxiliary nursing midwifery and community members yesterday.
he said that addressing social issues and reaching out to the marginalised communities were the big challenges.
it is indeed a good initiative of the smart city officials to do everything possible to bring all sections of the society residing within the bhubaneswar town centre district area into its fold of development, said anand.
working with adolescent girls and building their capacity to help them lead a better lives is an absolute demand of the hour.
it is difficult to achieve comprehensive development unless an inclusive approach is adopted towards development.
we will be happy collaborate with the bscl on research and other social issues in the city, said anand.
in november last year, the bscl had entered into an agreement with the united nations population fund to make bhubaneswar a socially smart city, which is part of the initiatives under the bhubaneswar smart city proposal to achieve social equity through new urbanism in action.
the project is aimed at promoting people-centric interventions through engagement of youth, especially women and girls, with focus on the most marginalised, to transform bhubaneswar into a socially smart city.
we are working in tandem and the response of the people has been overwhelming, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the objectives of the project include developing a youth-centric and youth-led integrated social intervention model to support a citizen connect initiative.
it will promote safety and security of girls and women in the city.
the focus area remained the urban slums where the initiatives will be taken through community partnerships for the development of the vulnerable and marginalised population.
it is a good move of the administration to involve the urban poor in the process of development especially when these people are planning a protest against the proposed projects on the janpath.
i hope that they will understand the need of these projects that will contribute to their own development, said sekhar pradhan, a resident of kharavela nagar.
our correspondentsame experience on screen: a football match between bengaluru fc and east bengal on at kalinga stadium in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: hockey lovers, who might not find a place at kalinga stadium during the men's hockey world cup from november 28 to december 16, need not be upset as the civic body would install 20 led screens in various public places for live broadcast of the matches.
the finalised locations for installation of the screens include patia, saheed nagar, chandrasekharpur, jayadev vihar, outside kalinga stadium, khandagiri, jagamara, pokhariput, old town and nayapalli among others.
the hockey enthusiasts can visit those places and watch the tournament for free.
we have identified 20 sites, where public gathering is paramount.
people can go there and watch the matches for free.
though there will be no sitting arrangements, the sites will be properly barricaded to accommodate a certain number of spectators.
we will begin installing the screens from july, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
more so, the earmarked zones will be converted into a virtual fan-park for the spectators.
the concept of fan-park applicable for ongoing indian premier league will be adopted for the 20 identified sites.
we are planning to organise various activities at the sites for pulling the crowd.
the list has been submitted to the sports department, which will be scrutinised shortly, said a civic body official.
in january, the core committee of the government, entrusted to draft plans for successful hosting of the hockey tournament, had come up with the idea of installing the led screens for live broadcast of the matches.
following this, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation began identifying the sites.
the seating capacity of kalinga stadium is being increased for the upcoming world cup, but more number of people may congregate here to watch the event.
this led screen initiative is exclusively for them.
we did it during the asian athletes when two screens had been installed, he said.
nayapalli resident akash mitra said: i didn't get a ticket to watch the concluding ceremony of asian athletics in last july.
i watched it on the screen installed outside the stadium.
the same situation will be there during the hockey world cup and it is a good move to install more screens.
sandeep mishraclean up: workers clean bindu sagar ahead of boita bandana in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has started preparing the holy bindu sagar tank in old town for devotees in view of the upcoming boita bandana festival.
the civic body started the drive today by cleaning its ghats.
later, it will remove weeds from the tank.
the drive will continue till the conduct of the boita bandana, scheduled to be held in the early hours of saturday.
boita bandana is celebrated on the auspicious day of kartik purnima.
people celebrate the festival to recall their maritime past.
ships that were built in ancient odisha during the period of kalinga empire were referred to as boitas.
on the occasion, people sail miniature boats in the bindu sagar.
we value the sentiments of the people related to the festival and are taking adequate efforts for its smooth conduct at bindu sagar in old town, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
an official said the civic body would carry out repair of the ghats and clean the banks of the tank over the next four days.
once the festival is over, another round of cleanliness drive will take place.
the main work we have to do is after the festival when we clean the tank of the small boats, flowers and other materials, said jena.
the odia merchants of old -called sadhabas - used the boitas to travel to distant lands such as bali, java, sumatra, sri lanka and malaysia to conduct trade.
they start their journey on the day of kartik purnima.
we are proud of our glorious past and celebrate the day by floating boitas made of banana barks and other materials in the river, ponds and seas in the early hours of kartik purnima.
we then take a holy dip in the water, said jagannath rath, a resident of old town.
the civic body is also planning to sensitise people to avoid floating miniature boats made of thermocol or other similar hard or plastic materials.
we are planning to carry out the awareness drive and also put up posters at the ghats to stop people from floating thermocol boats since they are not biodegradable and pollute the water, said a civic body official.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: getting approval of a building plan in the city will be done in one month instead of the existing practice that takes at least 90 days.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has decided to open a special no-objection certificate cell to decide on building plans within one month.
the cell will have the nodal officer in the rank of the executive engineer.
he will deal with the building plan applications received by the corporation.
the officer will be responsible for receiving the forms online and scrutinising those with other officials.
in the new system, an applicant will have to access the corporation's website to submit the building plan.
thereafter, field engineers will do the ground-level inspection.
based on the field report, the no-objection certificate will be issued.
we have already started receiving building plan applications online under the electronic approval system.
we need to come up with a plan, so we have decided to open the cell, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondenta shopkeeper hands over items in a plastic bag to a shopper at market building in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body has started an online registration process for vendors using plastic carry bags in the city under the new plastic waste management rules, 2016.
the prospective vendors can visit the new website www.
swm.
bmc.gov.
in of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and register themselves by hitting the tab permit for using plastic carry bags.
they will be auto-guided to register themselves with required details of their shops and vending zones.
we have decided to ease the process by allowing vendors and shopkeepers to register themselves using the website, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said they had the data of the number of shopkeepers and vendors operating in the city and asked them to register by themselves.
if someone fails to do so, he or she will be penalised according to the provisions of the new rules.
we will fix a deadline for the registration and analyse the data later.
if someone is found missing in the list, they will be penalised, said the mayor.
under the plastic waste management rules, 2016, every person who wants to use plastic below 50 microns will have to register with the civic body.
the corporation will collect a registration fee of rs 2,000 from the vendors and shop owners towards management of the plastic waste.
the civic body has also reached a final stage of getting an independent agency, which will device a mechanism for segregation, collection, storage, transportation and recycling of the plastic waste.
the firm will put up a mechanism for collection of plastic waste through rag pickers in a safer manner, said an official.
bhubaneswar generates about 15,330 tonnes of polythene waste every year, and it does not have any mechanism for safe segregation and disposal of the waste.
the new plastic waste management rules has some good features, which will discourage people from using it.
it is not feasible to ban plastic altogether, it has to be done in a certain manner, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
the fruit market building at unit-ii in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, jan.
31: fruit vendors here are yet to be relocated to the new facility near market building at unit-ii even though 18 months have elapsed since the chief minister inaugurated it on local self-government day in 2015.
the market in a three-storey building near the petrol pump at unit-ii was built to house fruit vendors.
however, the building is locked and the fate of the fruit market is mired in uncertainty.
the building was constructed with the aim of decongesting the stretch between ag square and kalpana square, where fruit vendors occupy a major portion of the road causing traffic jams, especially during peak hours.
the facility was supposed to provide selling space to 71 fruit vendors, who conduct business on the roadside.
i was hoping to get a kiosk at the fruit market.
it would have saved me from the regular harassment at the hands of police and traffic personnel, said gayadhar behera, a fruit vendor.
he said in 2015, the municipal corporation had asked the vendors on the stretch to move to the other side at unit-ii.
but the roadside traders there who sell clothes opposed the move.
we could not continue our business there, behera said.
the market, built at a cost of rs 2 crore, has 24 rooms.
the land for the fruit market was handed over to the civic body by the general administration department in august 2012.
the bmc had identified the vendors to be shifted to the new market.
surendra kuanr, president of the fruit vendors' association, said although the general administration department had allotted land in unit-ii for setting up the market, it was stiff resistance from garment traders that led to delay in construction of the building.
amarendra mohanty, urban town planner and resident of saheed nagar, said: the facility would have provided a great platform not only for vendors, but also customers.
mayor anantanarayanjena conceded that the market was yet to get operational.
he added that the contractor was yet to complete the project and hand it over to the civic body.
we will ensure that the market starts functioning as soon as possible, he said.
bhubaneswar, oct.
25: a modern traffic management system that works on real time sensor data is the next thing expected to deal with traffic problems here.
in the new system, which the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) has proposed, the traffic density could be controlled by video-based inputs captured and transmitted to a central server from various intersections.
this is a typical pelican system zebra crossing.
pedestrians need to press a button on the poles on the pavement for the lights for cars to turn red and that for pedestrians to turn green.
the lights automatically change after a short time smart signals: pelican to rescue of pedestrians the central command control centre will monitor the traffic flow and its analysis.
the project will cost of rs 12 crore.
according to the plan, the intelligent traffic management system will be installed at 58 traffic intersections, which includes 14 pelican points for safe crossing of roads by pedestrians and five blinkers for road safety measures.
the new system will be powered by solar energy.
pelican, or pedestrian light control activation, is a technology that ensures pedestrian's control on the zebra crossings.
this is an automatic system where pedestrians can turn the signal green by pressing a button.
the lights will automatically change once the person has crossed.
in india, this system now operates only in new delhi.
except a few major intersections such as ag square and rupali square, traffic management is a big headache for the city administration.
major junctions here such as ram mandir square and cs pur square are being maintained manually in the absence of proper traffic lights.
the present practice is risky at night.
incidents of people violating traffic norms are rampant, said damana resident rohit tripathy, a corporate employee.
the request for proposal is ready and once the tender process is over, the implementing agency will take nine months to execute the project.
we have engaged canadian firm ibi for preparing the detailed project report and provide consultancy in the ambitious project, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the traffic management system will be controlled by a new technology called adaptive traffic control system (atcs).
this is a real-time state-of-the-art mechanism that enables the signalling system to adapt according to the traffic demand at any given time.
the atcs responds to the changes in traffic patterns in real time.
this is the latest it-based tool in traffic management in the country.
the technology will help managing traffic inflow with ease with modern automated systems along with pelican points for pedestrians.
this will further ease the burden on the traffic personnel, said the mayor.
the new system will reduce delays, shorten queues, decrease travel time and help reduce pollution.
crossing roads in this city is a tiresome exercise with vehicles encroaching on zebra lines while stopping at red lights.
i hope the new system will benefit everyone, said cuttack resident harapriya maharana.
people are also sceptical about the pelican points.
the new pelican system will ensure pedestrians' control over the zebra lines because they can then turn the lights red with a simple button.
but this could lead to misuse if people press the button at random times causing problems for traffic management.
the authorities should ensure that people make proper use of the new system, said maharana.
sandeep mishraworse for wear: a hastily-covered dug-up stretch between anniehouse square and mahatab road and (right) an uneven stretch between mahatab road and kapileswar temple in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the public works department has shifted focus to old town for improvement of roads and demarcating those to ensure ease of commuting for tourists and devotees to temples in the area.
the department has chosen to demarcate five roads for specific uses such as vehicle and pedestrian movement, and parking.
we chose the roads that belong to us and the municipal corporation and decided to demarcate those before going ahead with a drive to remove encroachment, if needed, said works department chief engineer (roads) o.p. patel.
we will complete the work in three months, patel added.
the roads where work will begin include the stretch leading to kapilaprasad, mahatab road that leads to panchamukhi hanuman temple, road to kapileswar temple, stretch between bhimeswar temple to annihouse square via saraswati sishu vidya mandir and an alternative route from bhimeswar temple to annihouse square.
while two of the roads belong to the civic body, the other three are under the works department.
the roads were selected based on their condition and people's demand.
both the agencies will bear the cost of road repair and demarcation, said an official of the public works department.
sources said the user-specific demarcation of roads would be ascertained from the street design template prepared by bhubaneswar smart city limited.
we have prepared a design template for all roads, including those at old town, said a smart city official.
the street design template prepared for old town roads would have space for carriageways, parking and pedestrians.
there will not be any space for cycling since these roads are too narrow to provide additional tracks.
the medians will be narrow here.
the old town roads must be improved since it has a high footfall.
it is the face of the city to the outside world.
the roads are too narrow and are often encroached upon.
this should be checked, said local resident dibyansh mishra.
a senior official of the civic body said after the demarcation, a major eviction drive would be carried out to clear encroachments.
we have held discussions with officials of the works department and assured them of help in the drive, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the only toilet built by the corporation under project samman in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, may 10: poor performance has robbed the municipal corporation of an assignment to construct toilets in the city.
the housing and urban development department, which held a review meeting on the status of construction of toilets in the city, has decided to assign the job to the project management unit of the swachh bharat mission (sbm) cell of the state government as the corporation had failed to execute the project properly.
henceforth, the sbm cell will co-ordinate the construction of public and community toilets in the city under project samman.
the public and community toilet construction under project samman was taken up in 2012, but the work done so far has been disappointing.
the construction was slow because of administrative reasons.
hence, it was decided to assign the task to the sbm cell, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
the review of the project showed that the civic body had been assigned the task to build 27 public and 26 community toilets in collaboration with the national building construction corporation (nbcc) as construction partner and us-based bill and melinda gates foundation as the funding partner.
it has been found that of the 27 public toilets, work on only one had been completed and handed over to the corporation, while 24 others were still under construction.
the corporation was yet to hand over two sites to the nbcc for construction of toilets.
similarly, of the 26 community toilets, nine are under construction, while work on 11 toilets is yet to take off.
the site for other six has not been identified or handed over to nbcc by the civic body.
the only toilet that the authorities have completed also remains unusable.
located on janata maidan, it has no guards and remains locked since its inauguration last december.
the telegraph, on january 10, had reported about the poor progress of work on toilets under project samman.
sources said the janata maidan was chosen as a site to build a toilet because public events, fairs and other community activities were frequently held there.
but the only toilet in the maidan is hard to identify.
the structure is difficult to identify as it has no display boards or any other signages that indicates that it is a toilet.
moreover, the toilet remains locked, said a jyotikant beura, a street vendor.
our focus is to ensure proper sanitation and hygiene to the citizens.
we are not only focusing on public toilets, but also on community toilets.
we will co-ordinate with the government to commission the project soon, said jena.
sandeep mishraeyesore: garbage lie strewn near ximb in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the poor progress of the municipal corporation in achieving targets under the swachh bharat mission has left chief minister naveen patnaik red-faced.
naveen was informed about the poor performance of the civic body in a communication from the union ministry of housing and urban affairs.
the letter addressed to the chief minister mentioned that the bhubaneswar municipal corporationhad a very poor show in the swachh bharat mission so far.
the internal review has found that there was a huge gap between the online data uploaded in the mission's website and the offline data.
this has happened because of not uploading data on construction of individual household latrines, community and public toilets in bhubaneswar.
following the letter from the centre, the housing and urban development department directed the mayor and municipal commissioner to look into the matter.
we have asked the civic body to stop uploading data offline and do it only in online mode, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
the civic body's approach on not uploading the exact data online has also raised the question about its motive.
the swachh bharat abhiyan cell of the corporation, which is in charge of maintaining the data, has been blamed for the inactivity.
the data released by the officials to the telegraph raises further concern.
according to the targets, the civic body was entrusted to make the city free from open defecation by constructing 15,208 individual household latrines during 2015-16 and another 19,596 during 2016-17.
however, the data shows that so far only about 2,000 such latrines have been built.
the corporation has been able to introduce only about 88 public toilets with the launch of 23 such facilities during local self-government day this year.
we have introduced many toilets.
we have doubled the number of waste bins and intensified cleanliness activities.
all we need to do now is to upload the data online.
i will direct the officials to look into the matter on priority basis, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondentsetting the mood: walls across bhubaneswar were painted ahead of the asian athletics championship in 2017.
picture byashwinee patibhubaneswar: the city will see new infrastructure coming up to facilitate the movement of people ahead of the men's hockey world cup here in november.
efforts will be made to keep in public focus the greats from the past world cups and create the right kind of ambience for the showcase event.
a variety of sculptures are likely to be installed in various parts of the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc), bhubaneswar development authority (bda), tourism department and the public works department will collaborate with each other to execute the job.
it has been decided to identify major junctions and put up the memorials there for effect.
the decision of putting up the memorials was taken during the third executive meeting of our officials for the world cup held earlier this month.
we are going to hold another meeting and decide on the junctions and the type of memorials to be put up for the event in the city, said an official of the development authority.
we will take the help of an external agency if needed for the job.
the men's hockey world cup is going to be held for the first time in bhubaneswar and third time in india, which will see 16 countries taking part.
matches will begin from november 28 and will conclude on december 16.
more than 1,100 players and delegates will be in bhubaneswar for the event.
the city authorities had taken up a beautification drive ahead of the asian athletics championship last year when various walls across the city were painted and a major plantation drive also carried out.
the authorities concerned have decided to take it to the next level for the upcoming event.
we had taken up major initiatives during the asian athletics championship and got lauded for our efforts.
we want to take it to the next level for the upcoming hockey world cup, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
it is a golden opportunity for the state government to promote odisha to the world, said irc village resident jyotsnarani mohanty.
the tax block at the bhubaneswar municipal corporation office.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 24: the housing and urban development department has slammed the municipal corporation for failing to reach its revenue target in the last fiscal.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's collection from holding tax, market rent, advertisement, trade licence and user fee has dropped to rs 257 crore against a target of rs 302 crore.
the civic body's performance was discussed at a review meeting of the state's urban local bodies, a yearly practice of the housing and urban development department.
in the 2015-16 fiscal, the civic body had collected rs 277 crore as revenue.
an official of the housing and urban development department said the government had considered the ongoing smart city project, increasing trust of citizens and the potential of the civic body, before revising the holding tax collection target by 50 per cent above the actual collection of the previous fiscal.
however, the final collection figure is disappointing, he said.
besides, the collection from market rent, advertisements, trade license and user fees are also not up to the mark, the official said.
the department has also made a flurry of suggestions to improve revenue collection.
it has asked the civic body to fix a monthly collection target for all tax collectors and monitor the progress weekly.
it has also asked the municipal corporation to take action against officials for poor performance.
we have issued directions on increasing revenue collection and maintaining service parameters.
good revenue collection, along with quality service, is needed if the civic body wants to retain a good credit rating.
this will help us float municipal bonds and raise money from the market for different projects, said the official.
27 crore collection from holding tax, which is three times higher than the previous year.
the government has already taken an initiative to implement the property tax system this year.
we are going to take several measures to increase revenue from market, user fees and trade licence, said jena.
speaking on the issue of low tax collection, a senior official of the civic body said: we need to sensitise people about making timely payments.
we also need to bring in stringent measures in case they failed to pay their dues on time.
he said several people were exempting themselves from paying taxes, which was one of the main reasons for the low figure.
bhubaneswar, may 9: the civic body has planned to conduct special awareness drives ahead of the world environment day to be celebrated on june 5.
through these drives, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation aims to sensitise people to adopt practices that will help to save the environment.
the municipal corporation has decided to create awareness among its officials first, followed by the citizens in the next phase.
the ministry of urban development has issued directives to the civic body in this regard.
the civic body has decided to conduct the drive in two parts.
it will start the campaign by organising community lunch with its officials and it will also present awards to the municipal workers.
the aim is to sensitise the officials first as they will ensure implementation of various initiatives at the ground-level.
we need to appreciate their efforts because it will encourage them to work more efficiently, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the civic body will also organise a mass gathering of the officials and administer the swachhata oath with a special focus on the ministry's mandate to begin source segregation of the waste material from june 5.
the oath will also be administered to the citizens.
each individual will pledge to segregate his (household, shop, establishment) waste in two dustbins, wet waste in green and dry waste in blue, as his contribution to the swachh bharat mission.
we have already installed the dustbins in several parts of the city.
environment_the indian red cross society has planned to organise mass rallies with hundreds of youth and junior red cross volunteers to spread awareness on saving the environment.
we will organise rallies to spread messages on saving environment.
we will also undertake plantation drives, said an official of indian red cross.
it is high time to come together and take collaborative steps to save the environment.
it cannot be achieved by a single entity.
if we want to save our environment, each and every one of us needs to contribute to this.
if we plant a tree, it is our duty to nurture it.
we also need to follow safe practices to save environment, said environmentalist alok mohanty.
shanties in the khandagiri area.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, jan.
25: the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc)s decision to auction land for setting up kiosks at the annual khandagiri mela has not gone down well with the vendors who will participate in the fair.
the vendors, who come in large numbers from different parts of the state and even outside to sell their products at the fair, believe the auction will result in their exploitation.
the auction system was introduced last year as the bmc invited tender from private parties to allot kiosks on the fair ground to vendors.
before that, the corporation used to allot kiosks directly to vendors against a nominal fee.
however, the process was discontinued allegedly because of lack of manpower.
the private agency, which took over the responsibility of allotment of land last year, collected fees arbitrarily for allotting kiosks to the vendors.
in certain cases, the same space was given to more than one vendor, leading to confusion and chaos, said pratima mishra, a vendor, who has been doing business at the fair for the past 30 years.
last year, the land was auctioned for rs 7.
89 lakh and the offset price stood at rs 5.
72 lakh.
while the official fee for each kiosk had been fixed at around rs 2,000, the vendors alleged that the private agency had forced them to cough up much more than that for allotment of the kiosks.
a bmc official said that this time, the bid would be opened on january 27 and the offset amount had been set at rs 9.
5 lakh, which is almost double of what it was the previous year.
the price for setting up a kiosk is also expected to increase accordingly.
now, the agency that makes the highest bid will definitely charge us exorbitantly high fees for allotting space.
it will be one amount on paper while we will be asked to pay extra cash unofficially, rued another vendor.
how can small-time vendors afford to pay so much money?
asked sukant senapati, who has a soft drinks shop in khandagiri.
khandagiri surahkya manch, a local outfit, has demanded intervention of the civic authorities in the matter.
the fair, which is also known as magha mela, is of historic importance.
in the present scenario, the private bidders will exploit the small kiosk owners.
the bmc needs to ensure that the vendors get kiosks at reasonable rates.
this will result in low-pricing of products which will, in turn, attract visitors, said rashmi kanta mishra, president of the manch.
he said the vendors dissatisfaction might snowball into an agitation if the authorities failed to take remedial measures at the earliest.
the booking for the kiosks will be done at the bmc office and one person will be deployed by the authorities to monitor the allotment process, he said.
last year, over 350 temporary kiosks, measuring 64 square feet each, were set up on both sides of the road linking national highway 5 with khandagiri hills.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the urban development authority has initiated the process to execute two more rental housing complexes here to accommodate the city's construction workers.
the projects will come up at chandrasekharpur and sampur and the bhubaneswar development authority has invited bidders to present plans.
the complexes will have 100 beds each and cost an estimated rs 4.
53 crore.
the complexes will provide quality living to construction workers.
the boarders of the complexes will have to share the facility and pay a minimum rent to the government.
the facility will be more like a hostel with a common canteen and other such amenities, sources said.
we have already identified the locations for the project based on a feasibility report and invited bidders to provide us a detailed execution plan.
we hope to float the final tender within the next four months, said a development authority official.
chief minister naveen patnaik laid the foundation stone for the first such project at kharavela nagar on international labour day on may 1.
the housing complex at kharavela nagar will have 200 beds and be executed under the kutumb scheme.
the rental housing complex is a unique project that is being executed in the two smart cities - bhubaneswar and rourkela.
the state plans to extend it to other cities at a later date.
we are coming up with more people-centric projects such as the affordable housing and rental housing for the urban poor.
we have already initiated the process to execute five affordable housing projects in the city, mainly for slum-dwellers.
the rental housing complex is one such effort, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the proposed land for the artificial lake with recreational zone at saheed nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 5: the lake neutral project under the smart city mission has got a push with the local administration starting to demarcate land for it.
the administration needs about 30 acres to execute the lake neutral project, which will have a retention pond, children technology museum-cum-sports centre, renewable energy park and a botanical park-cum-picnic spot.
officials of the bhubaneswar development authority, bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the general administration department will identify the land and acquire it on janpath.
the lake neutral is a part of area-based development projects of the smart city.
we have initiated the process to identify the land on janpath.
although we have not put the lake neutral project on our priority list, we want to finish the initial modalities, so that it will be executed on time.
tender and other aspects will be done in the next fiscal (2018-19), said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the officials have been considering the area on the left side of janpath from vani vihar to ram mandir square up to the railway tracks for the project.
a general administration official said the most suitable site for the project would be the land adjacent to the natural drainage channel no.
10.
the land adjacent to the channel would be the most suitable one for the project since it already has a lake-kind environment.
there is a need to renovate the channel accordingly for the project.
some of the land near the channel has been encroached upon by slum dwellers.
they will be evicted and rehabilitated for the project, said the official.
the initial cost of the project has been fixed at rs 44 crore, but officials say it may escalate when it will be executed.
the lake neutral project would also have a micro solar power plant of about 0.
4mw, which was promised during the make in odisha conclave in december last year for funding.
we have showcased one of the components of the lake neutral project that is the micro solar power plant at the make in odisha conclave to get investment.
this part of the project needs about rs 3 crore investment.
this part would also generate an employment opportunity for about 100 persons, said krishan kumar, vice-chairman of the city's development authority.
environmentalist sailabala padhi said: the urban infrastructure is fine, but there is a need to develop it in a sustainable manner.
the plan of having an artificial lake with environment-friendly infrastructure would contribute to the benefit of the people.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the administration here has started to prepare a blueprint to implement a slew of projects that will transform the state capital ahead of next year's men's hockey world cup.
though the focus would be on executing smart city projects, general beatification such as wall painting and plantations will be taken in the next level.
at a high-level meeting, chief secretary aditya prasad padhi directed officials of various departments to expedite smart city projects and come up with comprehensive plans to prepare the state capital for the big sports event to be held in november next year.
sources said the city would have better traffic, parking and transit management systems.
it would be done through integrated action at the proposed command control centre in satya nagar.
we took up a 90-day challenge and did our best to present bhubaneswar in a grand manner during the asian athletics.
for the upcoming men's hockey world cup we are planning it big and have decided to take steps much in advance, said municipal commissioner krishan kumar.
an official said the focus would be on commissioning adaptive traffic signal system at 58 junctions.
at present, the system is operational at 13 city junctions.
the new traffic signal system would help manage traffic with system-based intelligent inputs as per the flow and vehicle volume.
parking and transit management will also be in focus with the authorities are planning two multi-level car parking facilities at unit i and saheed nagar.
the wi-fi system will get operational partially before the beginning of the event next year.
the government has recently approved the project report.
apart from the planned projects, we are going to introduce the common payment card most probably by january using which the users can not only pay their parking and other such fees, but also get tickets for the world cup, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the administration is also in talks with the bhubaneswar puri transport services limited for renovating the existing bus stops and introduction of about 100 new buses.
in the meantime, the baramunda bus terminal will also get a facelift prior to the world cup.
praising the administration for successfully hosting the athletics meet, damana resident suryakant mishra said: i hope they would go a step ahead to transform the city for the hockey world cup.
sandeep mishrafoundation stone of the proposed unit-ii parking area in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the smart city authorities finally begun work on the multi-level car park facility at saheed nagar here after months of delays.
but the authorities have not been so kind to the proposed other project at unit-ii where not a single brick has moved.
bhubaneswar smart city limited, the special purpose vehicle executing smart city projects here, chalked out plans for two multi-level car park facilities to regulate the problem of haphazard parking at janpath (saheed nagar) and rajpath (unit-ii).
janpath is important as it houses a number of huge commercial establishments, including shopping malls.
rajpath is also important as it is home to two of the city's biggest markets - rajdhani haat and the unit-ii wholesale vegetable market.
we selected the two sites on the basis of their importance, said a smart city official.
on-street parking is common in both these areas and, according to local residents, the problem is more acute on rajpath because of the rajdhani haat, which is one of the busiest and cheapest shopping areas here.
janpath is a lot wider.
i don't find on-street parking on janpath to be a real problem.
however, it creates nuisance at rajpath.
on-street parking and vending on the stretch makes the road even narrower and congested.
the authorities should have started the project first at rajpath, said chirag garg, a local shopkeeper at the market.
chief minister naveen patnaik laid the foundation stones for both the projects last june.
the unit-ii facility will be developed over 0.
972 acres, while the saheed nagar project will cover 0.
75 acres.
once completed, the unit-ii facility will have space for 450 cars along with a 57,000sqft commercial area.
the saheed nagar parking facility will have spaces for 250 cars and a 38,000sqft for commercial use.
sources said the land for both the projects was cleared and the deadline for the project at unit-ii is december 2018, while that for the saheed nagar project is june 2018.
we selected the project executor last year and asked it to start work on both the projects simultaneously.
we will look if the executor is having any problems at unit-ii, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
our correspondentcouncillor amresh jena (extreme right) at a a cleanliness drive in bhubaneswar on friday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has issued strict instructions for the municipal corporation asking it to intensify work under the swachh bharat mission and get ready to take part in the upcoming swachh survekshan iii.
the department has directed the civic body to shift focus on roping in more members of the general public for different cleanliness activities, which will win more points for the city.
the department has also asked the civic body to make the city open-defecation-free as a top priority.
the third edition of the national cleanliness survey will start from january 4.
it will be the bigger from the previous ones with the participation of 4,041 cities with population of more than one lakh.
each participating city will have to register with the union government for the survey.
they have to upload the city's profile and achievements made in the swachh bharat mission in the past years.
we have issued the instruction to the urban local body and asked them to upload the required data, said a housing and urban development official.
the department has further asked the civic body to start promoting the mini-toilet scheme, complete the ongoing toilet construction in various parts of the city, rope in volunteers, school teachers and students for the drives and open up a common service centre to receive applications for individual household latrines among others.
the centre has amended certain parameters in the national-level survey this time.
the cities with a population of more than 10 lakh will get national rank while the cities with a population between one and 10 lakh will get state ranks.
based on the ranks, they will prepare their future plans.
we have already expedited the process of constructing individual household latrines in different parts of the city.
we have also doubled the number of toilets in the past one year.
we did well in the past surveys and are very optimistic to improve our rank further this time, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
participants of the ekamra walks in bhubaneswar on sunday.
telegraph picturebhubaneswar, feb.
5: the sunshine brightened the chilly morning and people poured out on the streets today to attend the city's twin weekly events - patha utsav and ekamra walks.
during the eight edition of the heritage walk today, around 30 people took part.
the beautiful parasurameswar of 7th century ad, which for the first time introduced a visitor's hall in the main temple, also attracted the participants.
interesting facts about temples, legends associated with ekamra kshetra and stories written as poems through carvings were discussed by the guides.
the influence of buddhism on the 10th century mukteswar temple, well known for its unique arch, its ancient sundial, stories from the panchatantra carved on its windows in delicate design, interior designs in its jagamohan and the beautiful nayika statutes around the temple attracted the gaze of the visitors.
the kotitirtheswar lane, bindusagar parikrama, kitchens of anantavasudev temple, the only vishnu shrine in bhubaneswar, lingaraj and chitrakarini temples were also visited and appreciated.
hopping around the excavated portions of sari deula was an interesting learning experience as the participants learnt about the traditional temple building style and architecture of the kalingan era.
during the last two months, more than 300 have taken part in the event.
participants from the united states, the united kingdom, europe and metros across india and other states of the country including tour operators and tourism and guide students also took part.
the uniqueness of ekamra van, the medicinal plant garden, also attracted the heritage connoisseurs and history and archaeology lovers.
in days to come, ekamra walks will help bhubaneswar become a brand as a prominent city in the world, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
in future, an audio guide for the heritage walk, qr codes for all historic monuments and a heritage cycle tour has been planned.
at the 11th patha utsav, a number of youth groups came together to spread social messages on various issues.
an aerobics class was also a hit with the crowd.
a health camp was also hosted while an art and crafts workshop attracted children in large numbers.
the raahgiri in puri also attracted a crowd today.
our correspondentgoogle toilet: a public toilet at kalpana square in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the quality council of india will help the civic body collect and compile data and location of public and community toilets here in an attempt to introduce the google toilet locator app for residents.
the union ministry of housing and urban affairs asked the bhubaneswar municipal corporation in may to initiate the process and launch the toilet locator app and launch it on october 2.
however, the civic body failed to get things done in the absence of technical assistance from experts.
now, the ministry has extended a helping hand and asked the civic body to collaborate with the quality council, a body that assures quality standards across all spheres of economic and social activities, for compilation of data on toilets and launch the mobile application for citizens as soon as possible.
we have received the direction from the union ministry and will collaborate with the quality council of india for introduction of the toilet locator application for the citizens, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we hope that with the tool's introduction, we will be able to encourage citizens to extensively use the toilets, jena added.
sources said launching the mobile application for residents got delayed in absence of proper collaboration with quality council.
the quality council of india was to collaborate with us in our earlier attempt too, but we couldn't go ahead in the absence of proper collaboration.
this will not happen again, said an official of the civic body.
we already initiated talks with them and their official will be here shortly to help us introduce the application, the official said.
google toilet locator is an initiative of the ministry of housing and urban affairs.
the mobile application was first launched in five indian cities - delhi, gurgaon, faridabad, ghaziabad and noida in the national capital region last december.
the ministry has now decided to expand the project to other cities, including the state capital.
the number of toilets have increased in the city, but the usage remains minimal.
most times, we cannot find the toilets because of their locations.
i hope the toilet locator will help find the facilities with ease.
the government should expedite the introduction of the app, said patia resident gyanaranjan hota.
sandeep mishrabooking worry: a civic body-controlled kalyan mandap at unit-vi in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body's lackadaisical attitude in implementing online reservation services for kalyan mandaps in the city has sparked fury among residents.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had promised to introduce a dedicated website to reserve kalyan mandaps by february.
however, the delay has caused inconvenience to people, who were either forced to physically reserve the venue at the civic body's offices or opt for other venues at a higher rent.
i was planning to reserve a kalyan mandap for my son's wedding, but couldn't do it as the booking link on the civic body's website was not working, said jagannath patra.
the civic body's kalyan mandaps are quite affordable and so i decided to book one.
but, as the service was not available online, i couldn't go ahead, said patra, who finally had to reserve a private hotel.
the civic body already had an online portal to reserve its kalyan mandaps, but it deactivated the service from february 15 to develop the new website.
sources said the same portal was being redesigned as a dedicated website for booking purposes and as a result, has been deactivated for the past month.
the earlier portal was efficient where we could not only get to know about the availability but also book venues online and then visit the civic headquarters to make payments.
it was an assured way.
i have no idea why the civic body needed a new website for this, said patia resident birendra mohanty.
at present, the civic body has nearly nine kalyan mandaps and three community centres in different parts of the city.
these banquet halls are rented out for different events such as wedding receptions and birthday parties.
the new website will have additional services.
that is why it is taking time to develop, said a civic official.
reservation cost for the civic body's kalyan mandaps ranges between rs 25,000 and rs 30,000 while the same for a mid-level hotel starts from rs 50,000 and can go up to rs 1 lakh.
reserving a star hotel costs more than rs 1 lakh, while the smaller community halls cost between rs 10,000 and rs 12,000.
mayor anantanarayanjena assured residents that he would personally look into the matter.
i will take steps to resolve the issues, he said.
our correspondentdemolition mode: a bulldozer razes the private school building at unit-vi that was set up on government land.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the urban development authority is progressing towards setting up an urban history museum here that will display the evolution of the state capital from a temple city to a smart city.
the major hindrance in the execution of the project was encroachment on the land identified for the museum at unit-vi by a private school for the past 28 years.
however, the authorities demolished the school and freed nearly one acre of land on friday.
the city authorities succeeded in the drive on friday after the legal tangle between the state and the private scho-ol went in favour of the former.
nearly one acre of land was illegally encroached upon by the school and we were unable to go for the demolition since the matter was in the court, said an official of the bhubaneswar development authority.
he said that the matter was resolved on thursday at orissa high court when the verdict went in favour of the government.
the school and mass education department furnished the report mentioning that the school had illegally occupied the land.
the registration of the school has also been cancelled, said the official.
the general administration department had allotted 2.
34 acres at unit-vi in favour of the bhubaneswar smart city limited for the museum.
of the total land, 1.
09 acres was encroached upon by the private school.
in the past, the authorities tried to free the land but couldn't succeed since the matter was sub-judice.
the museum of urban history will have pictorial presentation, audio-visual presentation and timeline, which would depict the story of the city.
it will also have a centralised convention centre.
the museum will give the visitor an insight of capital city's transformation, said city mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the state housing and urban development department will set up a technical cell to implement the city's affordable housing projects in a time-bound manner.
the city-level cell will include officials from various stakeholders in the projects, including the government, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) and the bhubaneswar development authority (bda), and also a private agencyselected through a tender process.
the department has already floated tenders for the purpose.
we hope to build about 20,000 affordable houses over the next three years.
it will be a huge task and we will require expert collaboration for this, said a housing and urban development official.
he said the selected private agency would initially enter into an agreement with the government for a year for timely completion of the projects.
the agreement may be extended upon satisfactory progress.
the private agency will deploy quality professionals to provide technical and managerial support to the projects and apprise the government of the progress from time to time.
the bmc and the bda will collaborate with the technical cell officials in identifying the beneficiaries and also the project sites.
we are committed to ensure successful implementation of the government's housing for all scheme, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
we have already identified beneficiaries for various projects under different components.
the participation of external experts will largely ease the job, he added.
the city administration here has initiated two affordable housing projects at chandrasekharpur and shanti nagar, while two others are in the offing at nakhara and gadakana.
the houses are being built under two schemes - the centre's pradhan mantri awas yojna and the state's housing for all scheme.
quality living is the right of every person.
in cities such as ours, the urban poor are often deprived of this right.
they are an integral part of our society and it is the government's job to ensure their well-being.
it is good that they are prioritising the affordable housing projects, said social worker alok kar.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) has begun developing the intelligent city operations and management centre, considered the brain of the smart city from where an array of operations of the city will be managed.
the centre, which will have a video wall, is being developed over 40,000sqft in the bmc-bhawani mall at saheed nagar.
it will enable various city agencies to function in an integrated manner to deliver better public service.
the bscl tweeted: we have started execution work on war footing for setting up #commandcontrolcentre-the backbone of implementation and monitoring system for #smartsolutions projects like #automatedtrafficcontrolsystem in #bhubaneswar.
we have already installed the smart traffic lights and it would be monitored from this centre now, said jena.
once established, the proposed intelligent centre will control the traffic lights, respond to emergency calls, manage safety and security with help of already installed close circuit television cameras and more.
later, the center will be equipped to manage a number of smartphone service applications of the smart city.
at present, in the absence of the command centre, people are getting confused with the newly installed traffic signals.
we are yet to get used to the new traffic lights, said sarat jena, a commuter near shastri nagar.
a bscl official said they had switched on the lights on a pilot basis and would have full control shortly from the command centre.
our correspondentlong wait: the city bus terminal at master canteen square in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the authorities are delaying execution of the ambitious city bus modernisation plan.
in december last year, bhubaneswar-puri transport services limited (bptsl) had come up with a project called the bhubaneswar city bus modernisation plan under which they planned to revamp the city bus operation with the introduction of more buses and consequently higher frequency service.
one year on, none of these plans has seen the light of day.
the number of buses remain the same at around 90 forcing people to opt for other modes of transport such as autorickshaws and cabs.
there are not enough city buses.
even on the busy janpath, we have to rely on autorickshaws with drivers often fleecing and harassing us.
i don't know how the city is transforming under the ambitious smart city mission.
public transport remains a big problem here, said unit ii resident sudip mohanty.
during the people's connect programme held before submitting the smart city proposal to get the opinion from the citizens, public transport was in focus with people asking for its development with introduction of buses on more routes and more buses.
in the smart city proposal, the administration has decided to spend rs 442.
26 crore on pan city solutions including urban mobility.
in order to provide an overall solution for urban mobility, the administration has proposed to connect all the 67 municipal wards with city bus services for which 565 new buses are needed.
two years have passed since bhubaneswar topped the smart city challenge in the country, but not even a single new bus has been introduced.
the situation of the bus terminals and depots remain the same and bus stops across the city are encroached on.
we are collaborating with many expert agencies to come up with a comprehensive plan to improve the urban mobility.
bhubaneswar, dec.
2: pay your holding tax or find your name as a defaulter on hoardings at various vantage points in the city.
in order to collect holding tax, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has decided to use a pressure point technique by displaying the names of evaders on the civic bodys hoardings at public places.
the corporation will also identify the remaining defaulters.
for the past two years, the civic body has been unable to meet its holding tax target.
against a target of rs 40 crore, it has collected around rs 22 crore.
sources said the tax wing would select the names of at least 200 defaulters from 15 tax wards for display on hoardings at various vantage points in the city.
this, they believe, will put a psychological pressure on the evaders and make them pay.
public relations officer srimanta mishra said: we have asked the tax collector to give us names of at least 10 major defaulters from each tax ward, so that we can put these on the hoardings.
besides, the standing committee on taxation and finance met in the third week of last month and recommended a survey to find out the major defaulters and those who were cheating the civic body of thousands of rupees every year in terms of holding tax.
committee chairman seikh nizamuddin said: many people are using their houses for commercial purpose but paying holding tax at the rate fixed for the residential types.
we have recommended that an independent agency should be selected to carry out a survey to enumerate the types of holdings and their owners across the city.
he said: once the council passes our suggestions, the survey would be initiated.
we have also recommended publishing names of the defaulters on hoardings as it used to be practised during 2003-04.
the holding tax target for 2014-15 was rs 40 crore.
but so far, the tax department has collected rs 7 crore.
we are still awaiting holding tax worth rs 15.
85 crore from 36 government offices in the city.
while the public pay 17.
5 per cent of the value of their property in a year as holding tax, the government buildings are paying only 7.
5 per cent.
but still, they are resorting to dilly-dally, said a civic official.
sources said the municipal commissioner would write to authorities of various government offices to pay the tax, so that their names would not appear on the hoardings.
apart from the defaulting house owners, the low collection of holding tax is also linked to some of the inefficient and corrupt tax officials, who wrongly assess the houses either by decreasing the size of the property or showing it as residential while it is being used as commercial.
we are going to initiate a vigilance proceeding against the official, so that it would act as a lesson for others to fall in line.
another tax official said: from the next year, we will make it mandatory for each tax collector to emphasise collection during the rebate period in april.
the practice intensifies towards the end of the financial year causing a dip in the collection.
though the civic body became a corporation in 2003, collection of property tax replacing the holding tax could not be possible as the state government is yet to get the nod from the assembly.
the holding tax defaulters should be treated sternly, so that the civic body can earn more revenue for its development activities, said pokhariput resident ganeshwar parida.
our correspondentclear-out: an earthmover removes squatters near sainik school in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the urban development authority failed to remove squatters from the footpath and roadside drain on the stretch between sainik school and acharya vihar for the second consecutive day on tuesday.
the squad members, consisting of officials from the development and civic authorities and a platoon of police force, had to step back in the face of stiff resistance from the encroachers even on tuesday.
however, senior bda officials felt that they could not take up the raze drive as they did not have adequate police force with them.
we lacked adequate police force.
the encroachers were much larger in number than our team.
we will seek more police personnel while attempting the next eviction drive, said bda liaison officer s.s. mohanty.
on monday, the raze squad removed a few illegal structures - such as wooden cabins, extensions of various shops and two hotels.
we will depute more staff and take the help of the more police in completing the drive.
we will also look after the rehabilitation of the evicted persons, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
encroachments on the stretch have been a cause for pain for both pedestrians and local residents.
pedestrians cannot walk along the footpath on this stretch as several illegal commercial establishments have come up blocking their path, while the encroachments are also causing drainage failure and urban flooding as the drains underneath could not be taken up for desiltation due to the illegal occupation of the structures by the squatters.
the squatters have encroached upon the stretch for long.
they have not only put up their makeshift shops but have also built temporary houses.
the authorities should have looked at the issue much earlier instead of taking steps now, said social worker alok kar.
a senior bhubaneswar development authority official said they would shortly enlist stretches where encroachment was rampant and where there were possibilities of facing protests during eviction drives.
we will write to the home department seeking adequate police force during the upcoming raze drives, said the official.
sandeep mishramandir square in bhubaneswar.
none to look after: neglected colour-coded bins at chandrasekharpur.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body's initiative to ensure segregation of waste at source through introduction of coloured waste bins here has failed to make an impact on the citizens.
the bins installed at various parts of the city remained filled with the waste it should not carry.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has also failed to ensure periodical cleaning of the waste bins.
as a result, they get overflowed at many places.
the failure could be attributed to lack of awareness among citizens on the segregation of various kinds of waste.
citizens blame the civic body for this failure and said it was their job to let them know on the type of waste and its dumping method since many were not aware of the same.
we can find two types of waste bins - blue and green - in the city.
but nowhere it is mentioned that the blue one is for a particular waste and the green is for the other.
how would we know what to dump where?
asked rasulgarh resident akanksha mishra.
moreover, lack of maintenance of the newly installed bins by the civic body brings a situation that many of them become unable to use.
many are left disfigured, while the functional ones need cleaning.
a year ago, the civic body had procured and installed about 4,000 blue and green bins in the city.
the plan was to lessen the burden on municipal workers and sensitise the citizens on the use of colour bins for segregation of waste.
the blue one is there for non-biodegradable waste, while the green bins are for others.
soon after installation of the bins, the civic body should have create awareness on how to use them, said social worker alok mohanty.
we need to intensify our activities to let people know about the role of the bins in cleanliness.
we will also look after the damaged bins, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
an under-construction hybrid toilet near rama devi women's university in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 10: citizens will have to wait some more for the hybrid toilets as civic body and its private partner, sulabh international, are yet to execute the project.
authorities have identified about 70 sites across the city to build the toilets, but the work on 54 sites are yet to begin, says the progress report.
sources said construction at 51 sites got delayed because the bhubaneswar municipal corporation was yet to acquire and hand over land to sulabh.
we have started construction of the toilets at 19 sites and will complete the work by the end of june, said a senior civic body official.
in may last year, the corporation had inked a pact with sulabh to build about 168 such toilets across the city in the next three years.
in the first year, it was decided to complete construction on 70 sites.
the deadline for that ended in march.
the civic body had also decided to have at least three such facilities opened by december last year.
the corporation has failed to meet the deadline again because of problems pertaining to land acquisition.
tourism minister ashok panda had laid the foundation stones for the three hybrid toilets at jayadev vihar, buddha nagar and brameshwarpatna in last july.
work orders for 35 toilets have been issued, while the construction at 19 sites are going on.
there are some issues with the remaining sites for land, said jena.
he said the civic body, along with the sulabh officials, would make a joint inspection of the sites, where work could not be started till now to find out the reasons and solve the problems.
we will acquire the land on a priority basis and also look for alternative land wherever necessary.
we want to finish the job on time, said the mayor.
the project is being executed under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation scheme.
the toilets are called hybrid because both the public and slum dwellers will be able to use them.
while the public will pay for using them, the slum dwellers will be provided with monthly passes.
sulabh international has taken up the project in the design-build-operate-maintain-transfer mode - which means the executing agency will bear the cost of the project and recover it by charging the public for using the services.
sources said that while the people living in slums would be allowed to use the toilets for rs 50 per family per month, others had to pay for every individual use.
there is a shortage of public toilets here, and the civic body should complete the job at the earliest, said goutam nagar resident ritesh mahana.
bhubaneswar, june 22: the municipal corporation has decided to renovate roads, drains, parks and markets in six wards in the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) recently invited bids for the works that include renovation of indra dhanu market at crp square.
it will also repair and develop lotus park and gl colony park in vss nagar.
the parks have been lying in a bad shape for a long time.
the condition becomes worse after rain.
encroachment remains another concern.
i hope the civic body repairs it properly, said vss nagar resident harapriya nayak.
the bmc has also planned to repair the bad roads at prasanti vihar basti that stretches from nandankanan to star city and vss nagar government high school to main road, the one in front of gojabayani temple, the one near sainik school and the portion from satsang vihar to vss nagar main road.
we have invited contractors to execute these works.
we have earmarked nearly rs 2 crore for the projects, a major chunk of which will be spent in road and drain construction.
we will spend nearly rs 28 lakh for the renovation of indra dhanu market, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to aakash mandal, a shopkeeper at the indra dhanu market, the authorities had long neglected the shopping complex.
we often raise our own funds to take up cleaning and minor repair work.
the civic body has finally come to the rescue.
i hope they renovate the market properly, mandal said.
the civic body will also construct roads and drains at maruti villa phase i, kapileswar vihar and agijala chhak in palasuni.
it would also construct drains near sainik school.
palasuni is a low-lying area that suffers major waterlogging during rains.
residents here consider the project of the municipal corporation as a timely initiative as the monsoon has already hit the state.
a senior corporation official told the telegraph that contractors for several of these projects had been selected and told to begin the work.
he said that all the projects would be commissioned in the next three to four months.
a city bus with advertisements on its body in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 25: bhubaneswar-puri transport services limited (bptsl) has decided to hire a consultant to take care of advertisement rights on city buses in an attempt to regulate and streamline revenue from the service.
the move aims at preserving the aesthetics of the city buses and simultaneously generate revenue from it.
we have invited proposals from agencies concerned that will look after providing advertisements on the outer parts of the buses, said a bptsl official.
he said the selected agency would fix a price for the advertisements and pay it to bptsl and collect it from the advertisers.
at present, bptsl itself looks after advertisement rights on the buses.
this often leads to unorganised and ill-maintained ads.
there are also problems during revenue collection, the official said.
bptsl has a fleet of 175 buses, including 70 non-ac buses, 33 mini ac buses, 60 mini non-ac-buses and 12 standard ac buses at present.
the total advertisement space on these buses was calculated at 18,510 sqft, which the selected agency would take on lease.
we have already taken steps to modernise city bus services.
the present move of regulating advertisements on city buses is part of the plan.
once we hire an agency for the job, it will get easier and more feasible to run the service.
this will also contribute to maintaining the aesthetics of the buses, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bptsl plans to generate about rs 7 lakh through advertisements on the buses every month.
sources said there were plans to extend the practice to other special purpose vehicles, which run city bus services across the state, in the next phase.
last december, bptsl and the bhubaneswar municipal corporation came up with a bhubaneswar city bus modernisation plan.
this included plans to revamp the city bus operation with the introduction of more buses, higher frequency and carrying out studies to formulate the best model in the sector.
sources said the authorities planned to develop the bus stops, which would be revamped with steel railings, display boards with real-time information on bus timings and more.
the services would be managed from a central command control room that would be developed under the smart city project.
it is a good move to regulate the services and once the advertisements on the buses are organised, it would contribute to their beauty as well.
in their present state, the buses really look ugly, said janmejaya mishra, a resident of kharavela nagar.
bhubaneswar, may 10: potable water sources of a city that recently emerged high on the nationwide cleanliness chart are not clean at all.
drinking water for bhubaneswar is sourced from rivers and canals, but the high level of pollution in these water bodies has become a major health concern.
in its report to the state government, the odisha state pollution control board has said water of the gangua and dayasetu canals and the daya river was highly polluted.
the daya starts as a branch of kuakhai at saradeipur and flows through khurda and puri districts before merging in the chilika lake.
the gangua emanates from gadakana and meets daya near kanti village on the outskirts of the city.
the city depends on the mahanadi, daya and the kuakhai for its drinking water and the public health engineering organisation fetches and supplies it to households.
eighty per cent of the city's daily demand of drinking water is met from surface sources, while the rest is procured from wells and tube wells.
what has caused the pollution board to sit up and take note is the alarming levels of dissolved oxygen, biochemical oxygen and coliform in water samples procured from the gangua and dayasetu canals and the daya river.
dissolved oxygen is the amount of gaseous oxygen dissolved in the water and it can be directly absorbed from the atmosphere or from plants.
on the other hand, biochemical oxygen demand (bod) provides an index to assess the effect discharged wastewater will have on the environment.
the greater the bod, the more rapidly oxygen is depleted in the stream.
this means less oxygen is available to higher forms of aquatic life.
on the other hand, coliforms are bacteria found in our environment, including the faeces of humans and other animals.
the presence of the bacteria hints at the possibility of having disease-causing organisms in drinking water.
according to the findings, the annual average of dissolved oxygen in the gangua remains at 3.
5mg per litre, while it is 6.
9mg for biochemical oxygen and the total coliform presence is 100 per cent.
similarly in the daya river, the annual average of dissolved oxygen is 4.
6mg/litre, while for dayasetu water the count is 5.
1mg/litre.
the bod at these sources is 4.
7mg/litre in the daya river and 4mg/litre in the dayasetu.
the violation of total coliform stands at 100 per cent at both the water bodies.
we have collected the samples from both the upstream and downstream levels.
the findings are horrific.
the average dissolved and biochemical oxygen demand should remain below 3mg/litre.
the water remains polluted beyond the use of humans or animals.
the reason behind the pollution could be the discharge of untreated wastewater to the rivers, said environmental scientist d.k. behera.
the city has 10 major natural drainage channels.
while drain no.
1 opens to the kuakhai, the remaining nine drainage channels flow into the gangua, which carries the river water and the pollution load to the daya.
in most places, sewage is discharged into open drains without any treatment and it ultimately flows into the gangua.
the high level of pollution stems from the discharge of untreated water into the drainage channels.
we are in the process of setting up treatment plants at various places in collaboration with other implementing agencies.
we have also decided to enforce strict guidelines for septage management, which would also tackle this growing problem, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said implementation of the new septage management guidelines had already been started to ensure that households do not discharge wastewater into open drains, but contain it in soak pits.
we will take care of the septage using cesspool emptier vehicle.
we have also identified land at kalinga nagar to construct a septage management plant, and the executing agency will begin the work in a month or two, said jena.
expressing concern over the quality of water and the slow pace of administrative action, environmentalist alok mohanty said: coliforms are bacteria that are present in the digestive tracts of a living being and found in their wastes.
the availability of coliform in water is due to discharge of waste through drains.
it could be fatal.
our correspondenta panoramic view of bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the city administration has suspended the online building plan approval system for applicants much to the disapproval of real estate developers.
on august 1 last year, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the bhubaneswar development authority had rolled out the online building plan approval system to provide hassle free service to the people.
the plan was to streamline the service and provide approval or rejection to building plans within a month instead of the longer manual way.
however, nearly nine months into the service, the authorities have now stopped it.
sources said it had to be done since the software developed to provide the service to the people crashed because of the presence of bugs.
infrastructure learning and financial services had developed the software for the service.
a department official said the problems started in january and since then not a single application had been approved or rejected.
there arose certain problems while scrutinising the applications through the online mode.
we were forced to close the service down from april 19 because of the flaws in the software.
the agency hired to execute the job has been asked to fix the problems, said a civic body official.
the municipal corporation takes care of the building plan approval system for low-risk buildings while the development authority take care of the high-risk buildings in the city.
the approval system was made online in order to not only expedite the service but also to avoid corruption in the service.
it seems that the authorities knowingly stopped the online service for vested interests, said a city-based real estate developer.
we will fix the flaws in the software and take care of other problems in rendering the online service.
we will do our best to resume the online service as soon as possible, said jena.
help at hand bhubaneswar, april 15: the public health engineering organisation has decided to use the government's sanjog helpline from next month to make it easy for people to register water supply related grievances.
till now, the pheo had been using traditional landline number through which officials were receiving water supply related issues.
but from next month, citizens will be able to call the sanjog toll-free number 155335 or 18003456770 and register their complaints.
people can also email their grievances at [email protected] or fax it to 0674-2567842.
besides, they can register their complaints on the official website at www.
sanjoghelpline.
in.
the odisha computer application centre will accept the complaints on behalf of the organisation.
we have asked the computer centre officials to integrate the sanjog helpline with our smart water information management system.
the integration would help operators solve the grievances or forward it to the officials concerned.
we hope to introduce the service from may, said the organisation's superintending engineer c.r. jena.
sources said the decision of using the helpline was taken after the number of grievances related to water supply had increased in the recent times mainly because of the summer.
usually, the organisation receives about 70 to 80 complaints on an average every day, which has recently shot up to 120 to 150.
it was getting difficult to attend to all the calls and complaints because of manpower shortage.
there is one person each in the three divisions of the city handling all the calls.
the move to use sanjog would help us attending to the complaints and solve it in timely manner, said an official.
the helpline currently handles grievances for 13 government departments, offices and schemes.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has also been using sanjog since 2014.
we have been using the helpline for the past three years.
it will definitely help us attending the grievances in a time-bound manner, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
an official said the citizens could file any kind of complaints related to water connection such as short supply, leakages in pipes, contamination, defunct stand-posts, corruption of any officials and error in or non-receipt of the water bills.
we are continuously encouraging the people to file complaints without any delay or fear.
we will definitely look after all issues raised by them, said jena.
people have welcomed the move.
i used to call the organisation to file complaints regarding defunct stand-posts, leakages and so on.
but, the line used to work rarely.
i hope the sanjog helpline will make things easier, said siripur resident alok maharana.
sandeep mishra(from top) a fruit vendor sets up shop in front of bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jenas home at unit-i, other vendors on the stretch and garbage dumped in front of kalinga stadium on wednsday.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body decked up the state capital with a modern graffiti and wall painting drive in may ahead of the asian athletics championships.
now, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has had to take up a fresh drive to beautify the city once more after its failure to maintain the art damaged most.
during the drive in may, the civic authorities had painted the boundary walls of government buildings, including official residences of bureaucrats and ministers, with modern graffiti.
but encroachment by local vendors have reduced their visibility.
at other places, dumped garbage cover the artworks.
at most places in unit-i and unit-ii, vendors conduct their trade beside the boundary walls of government quarters.
they hang their exhibits on the walls, blocking the line of view.
even the mayor's unit-ii residence is not exempt.
it is not responsible of the administration to spend so much money on the paintings and then leave it unattended.
they should intensify their enforcement so that the paintings serve their purpose, said dibya mishra, a shopper at unit-i market.
older wall paintings in other parts of the city that depicted the art, culture and tradition of odisha have also fallen prey to irregular dumping of garbage and, at few places, open urination.
in 2008, the civic body initiated the process to paint the walls to depict the state's culture and tradition and roped in different artists to take up the job.
such sites along the janpath, on bidyut marg and sachivalaya marg have taken the charm away from the creative work.
it is nothing but the administration's sheer failure to maintain these beautiful wall paintings.
how can someone urinate on such beautiful work?
the situation arises because the civic body itself since they failed to clear the garbage dumped in front of the walls, and people just assumed that it was a dump yard, said social worker alok mohanty.
however, the administration's decision to take up another phase of beatification drive when it has already failed to maintain the existing paintings and plantations has residents scratching their heads for an explanation.
they should first come up with a mechanism to maintain the artwork before embarking on a new drive.
wasting money and resources in this way is not an ideal thing to do, said mohanty.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation decided to take up the fresh drive in an attempt to beautify the city before next december's men's hockey world cup in the city, which is being hailed as the sports capital of the country after successfully hosting two major international events - the asian athletics championships and the hockey world league final - in recent months.
mayor anantanarayanjena , on the other hand, assured the citizens that the fresh paintings and plantations would be done in a manner that they will serve their purpose.
we will look after the existing work and evict the vendors wherever they encroach upon the paintings.
we will also ensure proper monitoring of the new artwork.
we have also taken inputs from the artists on the methods to save their works, said jena.
the civic body has also formed a special committee for the purpose.
the park at sailashree vihar in bhubaneswar slated for development under amrut.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 18: nine cities of odisha coming under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme are lagging behind in execution of the planned drinking water and park projects in their areas, said a state government report.
amrut was launched in 2015 to set up infrastructure that could ensure adequate sewerage networks and water supply for urban transformation.
under the central scheme, the nine cities - bhubaneswar, puri, rourkela, sambalpur, baripada, balasore, bhadrak, cuttack and berhampur - have proposed to execute 148 projects collectively in two years.
the projects' deadline was in march this year.
however, the status report says that of the 148 planned projects, work on only five has so far been completed while the rest are only partially done.
all five completed projects are related to drinking water supply - three in cuttack and two in sambalpur.
according to the report, bhubaneswar is among those cities that are lagging behind in executing the projects.
the capital city has so far begun the work on developing three parks, while the work on the remaining 13 drinking water projects is yet to start.
we have floated tenders for all the projects.
the work on the parks is on fast track.
we will begin the work on the water supply projects by this month, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the three parks are located in sailashree vihar, kanan vihar and niladri vihar.
according to the public health engineering organisation records, of the 67 municipal wards in the city, 22 are completely covered by piped water supply while the rest are partially covered.
there are different pockets spread across the city where the organisation was unable to extend the water supply through pipes.
on the delay, a senior civic body official, requesting anonymity, said engineers india limited was the consultant partner for the amrut projects in city - which had made a delay in submitting the detail reports for many projects.
this has delayed the tendering process, and now, the city is running behind the others, he said.
there were some problems in preparation of the detailed project report and also in the tendering process.
cuttack is performing well in the amrut scheme, but the pace of work in other cities is slow.
we are working to fix it, said a housing and urban development department official.
the state has sent the annual action plans for two financial years and received a central grant of rs 144 crore in october last year.
the projects are to be executed in a 50:50 fund-sharing pattern between the state and the centre.
the state aimed to have piped water supply to all households in all the nine cities under amrut.
under the scheme, the state had proposed to execute 96 drinking water supply projects in two years.
at present, only 58 per cent population in the nine cities get piped water supply at home.
odisha had earned praise from the centre for executing reform milestones such as credit rating of the urban local bodies and introducing online building plan approval system in bhubaneswar for 2015-16 under amrut.
the state received an award from the centre for the efforts and got an additional financial grant of rs 10.
27 crore.
it is a great thing that the state has got an award under amrut.
there should be effort to be the first in the country in executing the projects on time, said bhoi nagar resident tirthabasi patra, a retired government employee.
our correspondentaerial view of bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state capital has secured fourth position in an urban governance survey conducted by a bangalore-based non-profit.
janaagraha centre for citizenship and democracy released the fifth edition of its annual survey of india's city systems (asics) that evaluates the quality of governance in indian cities.
it covered 23 major cities across 20 indian states and came to a final conclusion based on 89 questions.
bhubaneswar performed well on reforms including credit rating, implementation of double-entry accounting system and publishing of demand collection book.
it has also made available documents such as audited financial statements, municipal staffing data and internal audit reports online.
the study also revealed that the city has made significant progress in urban governance in the past two years.
in the survey done in 2015, bhubaneswar came in 18th, before jumping to 10th spot in 2016.
bhubaneswar scored 4.
6, along with calcutta and thiruvananthapuram, just below pune, which topped the list.
however, the higher population of these cities saw them pip bhubaneswar to second and third spots.
major cities such as new delhi, mumbai, ahmedabad, bangalore and hyderabad ranked lower than bhubaneswar in the survey.
the state capital also came out on top in the medium cities category, having population of 10 lakh or less, along with thiruvanantapuram.
we are working hard to improve the living standards of the city with introduction of quality infrastructure and services.
we also need to be transparent in our administrative work.
we have introduced a number of reform measures in our work for which we got the rank, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the survey, which mostly covered the governance component, did not measure quality of infrastructure and services such as roads and traffic, garbage, water, housing, sanitation and air pollution.
instead, it measured the preparedness of cities to deliver the services and infrastructure in a transparent and error free manner.
we believe in transparency and, according to government directives, have provided everything online.
we also commit mistakes and allow criticism.
these help us improve our work, said the mayor.
i have been to a number of other cities, but always find bhubaneswar safe and sound.
it needs some improvement in mobility and sanitation that might be achieved with time, said satyajit mohanty, a resident of nayapalli.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the government has turned its attention to bidyut marg here in an attempt to replicate the ambitious development plans it has already put in place for janpath and sachivalaya marg.
the housing and urban development department, along with the works department, plan to widen the six-lane road into eight-lanes.
the redeveloped road will become 60m wide from its present 45m.
sources said a portion in front of the kalinga stadium has been earmarked for implementing the pilot project.
we have decided to develop the portion in front of kalinga stadium for the upcoming men's hockey world cup, said a bhubaneswar development authority official.
this road will be redeveloped according to bhubaneswar smart city limited's street-design template with dedicated carriageways, sidewalks and cycle tracks.
it will also have a dedicated space for street furniture and markets, while the median will be decorated with ornamental plants.
according to a road survey by smart city officials, 47 per cent of bidyut marg was utilised as carriageways, while a mere 14 per cent was available for pedestrians and cyclists.
this left a whooping 39 per cent space unused on the main road.
we have taken a decision and will convene a meeting with agencies concerned to work out the modalities before we start to redevelop the stretch.
the basic design for the road is ready.
now, we only have to get a firm to take up the work, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the administration has already put its focus on infrastructure development around kalinga stadium, the main venue, to successfully host the men's hockey world cup.
besides, the present decision of redevelopment of the road, there are also plan to construct two foot-over-bridge on this road.
hosting the world cup is our biggest responsibility and we want to do it well.
redeveloping bidyut marg was always part of out plans, but it will be taken up on priority.
the 400m stretch in front of the stadium will be developed first, which will later be expanded to other side, said the development authority official.
we have already started work on the janpath stretch, while we have finalised the modalities for the sachivalaya marg stretch.
we will do the same at bidyut marg - our architects are preparing the design for the two foot overbridges.
we will assess the projects from the portion in front of kalinga stadium before starting the work, said the works department's chief engineer (road) o.p. patel.
residents also lauded the administration's effort for taking up the work.
the city got some infrastructure for last year's asian athletics championship.
the government should continue to host such events to continue improving infrastructure, said nayapalli resident chiteswar jena.
our correspondentkarate kids: girls train in self-defence techniques in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the smart city project implementing agency has invited a fresh proposal for selection of an organisation to impart self-defence training to adolescent girls city slums along janpath.
bhubaneswar smart city limited's (bscl) aim is to empower the women of smart city.
the programme will be implemented first for girls of 24 slums in the bhubaneswar town centre district.
the bscl had initiated the project in june.
but various administrative glitches hampered the process.
in a related development, the united nations population fund (unfpa) has joined the administration in taking up similar programmes.
we planned to introduce the self-defence training for city girls by july, but had to stop in absence of expert supervision.
we had then collaborated with the unfpa and decided to come up with a more comprehensive plan.
now, we are ready to roll it out, said a bscl official.
sources said the authorities would execute the training process in three phases with eight slums in each.
three hundred girls will get training in the first phase, which will start by the end of december.
a batch will consists of 30 girls and training will last 10 days.
we have been promoting people-centric interventions byt engaging the youth, especially girls and women.
we want to promote youth engagement in smart city and also make efforts to empower women.
we hope that the programme will instil confidence among them, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraunsmart look: (clockwise from top left) a dug-up footpath at power station square, ongoing underground cabling at bidyut marg, work on a new drainage network at kharavela nagar and roadwork near ims and sum hospital in bhubaneswar on tuesday.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: slow progress of infrastructure projects taken up by different agencies across the city has angered commuters and residents alike.
while some residents have raised concerns about safety, others have alleged that the pace of work and the lack of planning has made daily commutes difficult.
the worst victims are residents of kharavela nagar and its adjacent unit-iii that are witnessing a number of development works, including drain constructions and underground cabling.
the pace of work has also created problems for sampur residents.
the authorities have taken up work on a road and drain construction in the area.
the civic body has dug up the internal roads for a drain at kharavela nagar near lalit kala akademi.
however, instead of transporting the debris to the dump yard, the contractor has dumped it on the roadside.
this has reduced the road's width, made the commute risky and thrown traffic into chaos.
besides, the civic authorities have not provided any safety barricades - a risky move that has put commuters and residents in jeopardy.
they have been constructing this drain for the past month.
and have dumped debris and construction material right on the road, said local resident biswamitra swain.
underground cabling in the area by the central electricity supply utility of odisha (cesu) has compounded their problems.
they should realise that they are working in one of the most densely populated localities.
they should accordingly expedite the work, said nigam nanda, another local resident.
commuters complained that they faced similar problems because of the cabling work at bidyut marg where cesu has dug a 10ft hole.
although there are barricades to protect against mishaps, commuters are still fearful.
a few days ago, a school bus careened as a portion of the road caved in at power house square because of careless underground cabling.
they haven't even repaired that road properly yet, but started fresh work near it.
the pits are too dip and a fall will be fatal, said lalit mohanty, a resident of unit-viii.
similarly, last november, the bhubaneswar development authority started a road and drain construction at sampur that is supposed to connect the area with siksha 'o' anusandhan, an important educational institute here.
however, the authorities have only completed laying the first layer of earth.
the authorities have halted work since the past month.
this area witnesses severe waterlogging in the absence of a proper drainage channel.
thankfully, the authorities considered that problem and started constructing one, said nabyansh ojha, a student residing in the area.
however, they have halted the work and worsened the situation.
they have constructed a new road, which is also incomplete.
this creates a lot of dust pollution, he said.
mayor anantanarayanjena , however, assured that the projects would be completed on time.
we will look after the projects taken up and make efforts to complete those without troubling citizens.
we will also coordinate with other agencies and help them complete their work, said jena.
the drainage channel no.
5.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, may 16: the municipal corporation will start de-silting of drainage channel nos.
5, 7 and 9 from tomorrow to ensure a waterlogging free monsoon.
the civic body today decided on the course of action with the monsoon having reached the andaman islands three days ahead of schedule.
while cleaning of the drainage channel no.
2 has started behind sainik school, the corporation will do the de-silting work in the secondary and tertiary drains in the 10 wards where it takes care of sanitation.
the civic body will spend rs 1.
52 crore for the job.
executive engineer (drainage division) of bhubaneswar municipal corporation, pradip duria, said cleaning of the drainage channels would include cleaning the basin, lifting garbage and other waste blocking the flow of water.
the channels will also undergo regular de-silting because they take the loads of smaller drains to carry water to gangua nullah.
most of the drainage channels originate from the city's west and flow east to deposit wastewater into the gangua nullah as it circles the city and empties into the daya river, which is a few kilometres away from here.
the cleaning and de-silting of drainage channels would ensure better flow of rainwater into gangua.
it would lessen the possibility for waterlogging in the low-lying areas of the city.
the cleaning work will continue till october as the monsoon remain active almost till the end of september, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sources said the tendering process for the cleaning of 10 natural drainage channels started on april 15.
while contractors are engaged for works costing more than rs 3 lakh, the drainage division will execute jobs that did not find any takers.
de-silting and cleaning of major drainage channels have become a necessity for the efficient management of the city's drainage system.
it is crucial to carry out the work before monsoon sets in.
the de-silting work will also ensure a clean and hygienic environment for residents here, said a senior official of the civic body.
the de-silting job is also critical to prevent waterlogging in the low-lying areas including ggp colony, acharya vihar, jayadev vihar, old town and palasuni.
thick sludge in the drainage channels obstructs the flow of water and triggers waterlogging.
this situation arises when there is too much silt in the channels.
the absence of a storm water drainage system also contributes to the problems.
monsoon is a really bad time for us because we often have to wade through knee-deep slush to move out of our homes.
the situation aggravates as the civic body does not clean the drains regularly, said biramitra maharana, who stays in old town.
bhubaneswar, june 22: one of the visible changes in the city after winning the smart city tag will be hi-tech traffic signalling systems powered by solar energy.
according to plans, 63 major junctions across the city will have the facility by april next year.
of these, 14 will have state-of-the-art pelican signalling systems.
the pelican signalling system is a type of pedestrian crossing, which features a pair of poles each with a standard set of traffic lights facing the traffic, a push button and two coloured pictograms facing pedestrians from across the road.
the facility also provides non-visual indication - a beep, vibrating button or tactile rotating cone - to assist visually impaired pedestrians.
it ensures pedestrians' control over zebra crossings.
by pressing a button, the automated system will convert the signal to green when pedestrians cross the line, and after their exit, the light will change.
the system is already in operation in new delhi.
the pelican crossing system was first introduced in the united kingdom in 1969 before it was adopted in ireland and other nations.
pelican stands for pedestrian light control activation.
the system provides a safe, two-stage crossing for pedestrians.
janpath, sachivalaya marg and vidyut marg are the major three junctions where the system will be made operational.
other major crossings include chandrasekharpur square, crp square, stewart square, dav square, xavier square, sailashree vihar square, infocity square and kiit square bhubaneswar smart city limited, the special purpose vehicle to execute the smart city projects, has set in motion the process of installing the modern signalling system estimated to cost rs 12 crore.
the firm has already invited bidders for the project.
we had undertaken a survey to improve the traffic situation across the city.
we have identified 63 major junctions, where traffic is busy and there is an urgent need to address the problem.
we have also found that pedestrians are at a high risk at these junctions.
so, we have decided to introduce pelican signalling at some of these junctions as the system is pedestrian-friendly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
pedestrians are upbeat about the new project.
zebra crossings at major junctions of the city are just for show.
nobody cares about these lines and follow the rules.
often, bikers and motorists do not stop at the zebra lines even when pedestrians are waiting to cross.
this makes it difficult for pedestrians like us to cross the road even when the signal is red.
so, i hope the new system will prove beneficial for us, said local resident jayanta panda.
traffic personnel believe that the new system will help them control traffic with ease as well as keep tabs on violators.
many times, bikers violate the signals and try to speed through even when the lights are red.
this poses a great threat to the bikers as well as the pedestrians.
the automatic lights and the pelican system will help curb such incidents, said a traffic policeman.
he said manual operation of the signals is difficult especially during summer and monsoon.
whether it is lashing rain in the monsoon or a punishing sun in the summer, we have to bear the brunt of the weather.
the new system would give us some relief from this situation.
moreover, during peak hours, managing traffic gets very difficult.
i hope the automated system will prove beneficial for all, said the policeman.
sources said the objective of the system was to link traffic signals to a central control room for wide area traffic management.
under the system, signal efficiency will be significantly enhanced.
at present, major traffic posts in the city have manual operating system of traffic signals, which are managed by respective traffic personnel.
as part of the current plan, there will be a central control room from where the system will be operated.
the system will work with real time traffic data to operate the signals.
the system will be self-diagnostic, so that any fault will be directly relayed to the control room.
this will eliminate the need for dedicated maintenance teams to conduct periodic checks on them.
the other major addition will be the use of solar power instead of traditional electricity.
the use of solar photovoltaic panels on the traffic posts will cut down the electricity bill by more than 60 per cent.
moreover, the central control room will operate the lights on 24x7 basis, and in case of malfunction, it will send an immediate response to the officials, following which they will repair it immediately, said an official of bhubaneswar smart city limited.
the modern traffic signalling system is one of the four projects that would be taken up in the first year under the smart city project.
the other three projects to be implemented this year would be development of the railway multi-modal hub, establishment of bhubaneswar urban knowledge centre and a project called i am bhubaneswar.
the bindu sagar at old town in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar, april 22: the civic body today held a workshop with various stakeholders, including technical experts, priests of lingaraj temple, social workers and environment activists, involved in the renovation of bindu sagar.
bindu sagar, a heritage site, is surrounded by a number of ancient temples.
historians have estimated that the pond belongs to an era dates back to 7th or 8th century ad.
the 1,300-feet-long and 700-feet-wide tank is often used to conduct rituals of lingaraj temple, which is its custodian.
residents also use the pond during boita bandana, an annual ritual of the state.
the participants to the workshop also visited the pond.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has hired water and power consultancy services limited, a government of india enterprise, to take up rejuvenation and sustainable conservation of bindu sagar and its five peripheral tanks, such as the devipadahara, kotitirtha, godipokhari, ganga jamuna and the godavari kund.
we need to take inputs from various stakeholders for an overall integrated development of bindu sagar, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said their past attempts to restore the pond failed because of various reasons, including opposition from local residents.
we faced stiff opposition from various quarters while restoring the pond as many thought that we were about to destroy the lake's biodiversity using technology, he said.
this time, the civic body, therefore, decided to involve the ground-level people in the project.
we have hired a firm for renovating the pond.
the inputs by the stakeholders will be integrated in the plan, and then the project would be executed, said a civic official.
in january last year, the civic body had roped in a gurgaon-based firm for the pond's maintenance.
however, the firm is yet to begin work.
environmentalists are apprehensive of loss of biodiversity during the renovation of bindu sagar.
the pond houses many natural resources and micro-organisms, including weeds, azolla and other flora and faunas.
there is a need to clean the pond in a scientific manner, so that it doesn't loose its rich biodiversity, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
padhi said the micro-organisms in the pond helped reduce the level of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, which simultaneously helps controlling global warming.
sandeep mishradelegates at the e-waste management workshop in bhubaneswar on friday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body and the international finance corporation (ifc), a wing of the world bank, on friday launched a dedicated website and a toll-free number under clean e-bhubaneswar project for smooth handling of electronic waste in the city.
the website and the toll-free number was launched during a workshop held on friday that brought together stakeholders from government, private sectors and the academia to deliberate on strategic solutions for making bhubaneswar free from the heavy burden of e-waste.
any one can visit the website at www.
cleanebhubanes-war.
in or call the toll-free number 1800-120-2723 and make a request for a free pickup of e-waste.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) will also encourage citizens, small and large companies and government institutions to use this channel to ensure that household and institutional e-waste is disposed off properly.
electronic waste is hazardous and needs a specific process of disposal which can only be done by experts.
general people are not aware of the process.
with the website and the toll-free number, we will be able to manage the waste in a scientific manner with people's participation.
bulk waste generators can also ask for free support and advice in setting up their e-waste management plants, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the aim of the civic body through this project is to develop a sustainable model for e-waste management in city with the goal of establishing a collaboration between the local government entities, including the odisha state pollution control board, the information technology department and the private sector, to address e-waste management challenges.
the project will be executed by sofies sustainability leaders pvt.
ltd. and city-based siddha development research and consultancy.
this consortium will focus on establishing an effective e-waste collection system in the capital city to ensure proper channelization of e-waste, generating awareness and developing a sustainable e-waste ecosystem in the city.
the clean e-bhubaneswar project is a unique opportunity that galvanises support from the city and state bodies, and proves a working model for e-waste management in cities, said ronojoy sircar of the ifc.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the city authorities have thrown their hat into ring for the india smart city award, 2018, instituted by the union ministry of housing and urban affairs.
according to the award guideline, an expert team from the ministry will to analyse the claims and consider it for the award based on those.
the winners will be announced on june 25.
the awards will be given away on the basis of progress of smart projects.
the guideline states that projects that start functioning from april 2018 would be considered for awards in three categories - project award, innovative idea award and city award.
the project award will be given for urban categories while the innovative idea award will be given for innovation in urban categories and the city award will be given for all-round innovation, collaboration and focus on sustainability.
the administration had identified four projects - the railway station multi-modal hub, lake neutral and micro solar project at saheed nagar, social equity centre at satya nagar and museum of natural history at unit-vi area - for the awards.
we identified the projects based on their size and challenges for completion, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the government has come up with a 20-point agenda to combat possible heatwave conditions that are likely to hit the city.
the government has distributed the programme to officials concerned with a direction to follow the steps in letter and spirit.
the directive also specifies tasks for each agency, especially the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the public health engineering organization (pheo).
pheo will take steps to ensure uninterrupted water supply to households, while the civic body will be on hand to provide help, if needed.
according to the combat plan, a control room will be set up with an operator who will receive complaints related to disruptions in water supply between 8am to 10pm from march 15 and take action.
it is usual practice to come up with different activities to combat possible heatwave conditions.
this time, we have amended it and decided to monitor the activities through social media.
we have also decided not to allow any official to go on leave till june 30, said pheo superintending engineer c.r. jena.
he said the organisation would take up a survey to identify pockets that face scarcity of water.
we will deploy a special squad to monitor water supply to all these pockets.
schools, colleges, hospitals and other public places will be our focus areas to ensure 24x7 water supply.
besides, the organisation will take steps to hire private tankers to supply water to parched pockets.
that apart, a survey to plug leakages in supply lines to avoid contamination will be undertaken, while also stocking up on chemical disinfectants for safe supply of drinking water.
the civic body has decided to put up water kiosks across the city.
we have already installed water atms. besides, we will also set up water kiosks.
these kiosks will be put up by the end of this month, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
in the meantime, state-run hospitals in the city are also preparing to treat sunstroke victims.
capital hospital will open a 10-bed special ward and stock glucose and other materials.
the peripheral dispensaries and the municipal hospital at old town will take up similar measures.
we have directed the chief municipal medical officer to prepare a special ward and stock up all the medicines and diet.
accordingly, we will utilise an air-conditioned room as the special ward.
sunstroke victims will be treated on a priority basis.
other hospitals will also do the same, said the mayor.
the maximum temperature in the city has already surpassed records.
it had touched a maximum 39.
7c on march 3.
it is just the beginning of march and the mercury is touching the 40c mark.
i am scared to think what is in store, said jagamara resident satya mohanty.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: bhubaneswar smart city limited will introduce the public bicycle sharing programme in the city to encourage citizens to opt for non-motorised transport, which will prove beneficial in reducing vehicular pollution.
the programme will be implemented by the end of next year.
a rider will have to visit a designated docking station and hire a bicycle to roam around the city.
there will also be parking yards, where only the bicycles - hired from the docking stations - can be parked.
there will also be parallel cycle tracks on roads.
the administration had prepared a ground report for the project in april.
in it, the authorities recommended introduction of 1,200 cycles with 120 docking stations across the city.
sources said the administration would divide the city into four zones - the educational institutions, heritage district, central business district and the residential colonies.
a range of bicycles, including standard type and power run-pedelec bicycles, will be introduced.
the smart city authorities have floated the tender to select a contractor for the programme.
the report's inputs will be used while introducing the programme, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the contractor will prepare a complete system coverage plan, which includes identification of two project areas of 5-10sqkm, each one in proximity to saheed nagar and another in the info-city area.
environmentalist sailabala padhi said there was a need to discourage motorised transport.
we should take note of the pollution in new delhi right now, she said.
our correspondentthe new slaughterhouse at gadakana in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: problems continue to plague the municipal corporation in its effort to start operations at the modern slaughterhouse at gadakana.
three months have elapsed since chief minister naveen patnaik inaugurated the slaughterhouse on local self-government day on august 31.
but the facility is yet to become functional in the absence of an operator.
the slaughterhouse was originally planned in 2011 and the foundation stone was laid in 2015.
after several hurdles the civic body was finally able to inaugurate the facility in august and a tender was floated to select an operator.
however, after expiry of tender deadline the civic body found that there was not a single bid for the operator's job.
peeved at the failure of the civic body, the housing and urban development department has intervened and floated a fresh tender to select the operator.
we have invited an expression of interest from firms that have experience in operating and handling slaughterhouses.
the project is ready to take over.
we have put enough details in the document to let aspiring operators know about the job, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
if all goes according to plan, the operator is likely to take over the slaughterhouse in the next three to four months.
there is a need of an expert firm to handle the slaughterhouse.
it is one of its kind and not many know how to operate the facilities, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
till the abattoir starts operation, the civic body continues to flout supreme court order to stop open slaughter of animals and shutting down of such facilities.
it is irresponsible of the civic body to delay the project.
they are playing with our health, said jagannath patra, a resident of unit iii.
once operational, the abattoir will be able to slaughter 50 bovine animals in a single shift.
the meat will then be handed over to meat-shop owners for sale.
sandeep mishraa man splashes water on his face in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the meteorological centre has recorded a steady rise in the city's temperature and has warned that the mercury would soar further after the weekend, but a possible spell of squall can bring some relief.
the met department, however, has some words of hope.
it has predicted that thunder squalls accompanied by rain would keep a check on the rising mercury over the next two days.
the forecast says that the mercury, which has already crossed the 39c mark here, would rise steadily after march 18.
the sky will remain cloudy and the temperature will not rise for the time being.
it will, however, change soon after, said a weather expert.
met director sarat chandra sahu said the city witnessed extreme heat conditions in the past few days that resulted in the moisture being observed in the atmosphere.
this phenomenon has created clouds and might lead to thunder squall with rain in the city over the next two days, said sahu.
dry conditions will prevail from sunday and will persist for at least a week.
we will observe the weather after that and issue a prediction or warning accordingly.
though it is still early days, the mercury in the city has crossed the 39c mark thrice.
on two occasions it was highest temperature in the state.
on march 3, the temperature was 39.
7c, while on march 13 and march 14 the mercury touched 39.
2c and 39.
4c, respectively.
i remember a harsh summer in 2016, but it was normal last year.
looking at the rising trend of the mercury, i fear the summer this year could be as harsh as it was in 2016.
the temperature in the past few days has been unbearable.
i have no idea what is in store in the coming days, said uttam sahu, a resident of unit iii.
the forecast of the met centre has alarmed the state government.
various state government agencies are working out plans to combat a harsh summer.
the public health engineering organisation has already submitted its plan, while the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is planning to set up temporary water kiosks in the city.
we have got direction from the government to be prepared for possible heatwave conditions.
we will convene a meeting of officials concerned and decide on the number of water kiosks to be put up.
we will also make efforts to sensitise people about precautionary measures, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
mayor anantanarayanjena protest against petrol price hike in bhubaneswar.
pictures by sanjib mukherjee bhubaneswar, june 17: the biju janata dal (bjd) today organised a state-wide protest against the repeated hike in the price of petrol and diesel by the centre.
a delegation of the party leaders today met governor s.c. jamir and submitted a memorandum demanding immediate rollback of the hike in the prices of petroleum products.
on wednesday, the indian oil corporation (iocl) had hiked petrol prices by 5 paise a litre and diesel by rs 1.
26.
justifying its demand for a rollback, the bjd said that even though the crude oil price has slid down to $ 49.
78 from the $105.
37 in the last two years, its benefits have not been passed on to the consumers.
despite prices of crude oil nosediving in the international market, frequent increase of price of petroleum products in the domestic market has hit the common man badly, said party's youth wing president sanjay dasburma.
demanding immediate rollback of the increase in excise duty, cess and additional excise tax on petroleum products, the party said the centre had imposed around 104.
30 per cent of taxes on petrol and 231.
30 per cent on diesel.
since march 16, the price of diesel has gone up by rs 11.
05 and petrol by rs 9.
04.
it has its impact on the various consumer products, said bjd youth wing general secretary bijay nayak.
women of bjd's youth wing the party alleged that the common people had suffered a lot because of mismanagement of economy.
excise minister and bjd vice-president damodar rout targeted union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan on the issue.
your department is spending crores of rupees on promotional activities.
but it has left the poor consumers at the mercy of god, said rout.
in another development, the odisha pradesh congress committee (opcc) today criticised both the bjd and the bjp for the rise in the prices of petroleum products.
opcc president prasad harichandan said the bjd is shedding crocodile tears on the issue of rise in price of petroleum products.
if the ruling party is so much worried about the price hike in petroleum products, the state government should rollback at least five per cent tax on vat on petroleum products.
similarly, the centre should also rollback all the taxes it has imposed on the petroleum products, said harichandan.
the state is collecting 26 per cent vat on petrol and diesel.
earlier, the state used to collect 23 per cent vat on petroleum products.
but in january, the state increased the vat by 3 per cent.
with the increase in prices, petrol and diesel has become costlier by rs 1.
39 and rs 1.
13 per litre, respectively.
however, the state government said it was not possible for it to decrease the vat on the petroleum products.
a senior state government official argued that while odisha was charging 26 per cent vat on petroleum products, punjab is charging 32.
1 per cent and karnataka 31 per cent tax on petroleum products.
health care officials attend the civic bodys investors consultation workshop in hyderabad.
telegraph picturebhubaneswar, aug.
13: the civic body has organised an investors consultation workshop and a roadshow in hyderabad to attract investors for the ambitious greenfield hospital project here.
sources in the bhubaneswar municipal corporation claimed that yesterdays consultation workshop was a hit, as a number of premier health care facilities showed interest in taking up the project.
deputy civic commissioner srimanta mishra, who attended the workshop, said they hoped to begin the project shortly.
the corporation, in collaboration with a private company, plans to build a 400-bed multi-specialty greenfield hospital at gadakana and set up a health care network to upgrade and maintain the municipal hospital and 18 dispensaries functioning in its jurisdiction.
the project had been proposed in 2013.
the plan of a roadshow and an investors meet in hyderabad came after the civic body had failed to award tender to any private company due to several reasons, including high cost.
in september last year, a calcutta-based medical college and hospital showed interest to execute the project.
however, the company withdrew itself from the project just a few days after signing up the final agreement early this year.
the civic body was left with no option but to terminate the contract in may and to invite a fresh bid.
the telegraph published a report on the projects plight on may 27 after the calcutta-based private partner had quit the project.
niladri vihar resident suchismita mishra said that although bhubaneswar had a number of good private health care institutions, most people prefer the government facilities to the expensive private ones.
there is an urgent need of a quality government health care facility in the city.
apart from the capital hospital and the aiims, the city doesnt have any good public hospital, said mishra, a home-maker.
the state government had earmarked rs 200 crore for the project in 2013.
however, the delay has escalated its cost to rs 255 crore.
in may, chief secretary aditya prasad padhi approved the revised cost and directed the civic body to invite fresh bid and execute the project as soon as possible.
we have modified the tender based on suggestions received from the earlier bidders.
the workshop in hyderabad proved a success due to such modification.
we have already floated the tender and will finalise a company to take up the project.
another such workshop will shortly be conducted in the city, said jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: japanese encephalitis vaccination drive has received a setback here as several private schools and parents are reluctant to cooperate with health officials to administer vaccine to children.
a report of the national health mission (nhm) has sought urgent help of civic authorities to overcome the resistance of teachers and parents in administering vaccination to the children.
according to the report, 181 city schools showed reluctance to participate in the vaccination drive that started on november 27.
there are 483 schools in the city and the drive has been completed in 302 schools.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation and the nhm collaborated with each other and decided to cover schools in the first phase and communities in the second phase.
the plan involves vaccination of children in the age group of 1 to 15 years.
je is a vector-borne disease that develops in pigs, while mosquitoes act as carriers.
in the past, je had taken form of epidemic in the state.
a report of the national vector borne disease control programme stated that the state witnessed 38 deaths in 2012, while in 2016 nearly 115 people had lost their lives.
many private schools have not cooperated in the vaccination exercise.
they are not even asking parents to take part in the drive.
we have decided to call on parent associations and school authorities to sensitise them on the need to get vaccinated, said an nhm official.
he said that administering the vaccine provides immunity to children against japanese encephalitis.
the state government has decided to provide the vaccine to all the children to save them from the deadly vector-borne disease.
it is necessary for parents and teachers to understand the importance of the vaccine, said an official.
the corporation and the nhm held a high-level meeting on november 23 and decided to cover 2.
25 lakh children in the city.
the first phase of the drive started on november 27 and ended on december 11.
however, since the coverage was not satisfactory, the authorities are now planning to extend the dates.
we will call on parent-teacher associations of schools where we did not get positive response.
our aim is to ensure at least 95 per cent coverage.
in the next phase we are also going to start measles-rubella vaccination.
it is necessary for the beneficiaries to understand the importance of the vaccines, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
authorities in the districts had also faced similar problem.
the report revealed that 5,121 schools were yet to be covered out of the identified 33,600 schools in the state.
the programme has faced resistance in the districts of cuttack, dhenkanal, ganjam, kalahandi, kendrapada, khurda, koraput, nabarangpur, puri, rayagada, sonepur, sundargarh and rourkela.
bhubaneswar, april 8: the housing and urban development department has decided to depute a special team to assess the way residents' manage faecal sludge and septage.
the move aims to implement the government's new guidelines to ensure proper implementation of faecal sludge management and avoid the occurrence of various water-borne diseases caused by faecal contamination.
according to the planthe in slums, septic tanks in households and the city's sewerage system.
we have already taken steps to prepare a sanitation strategy with special focus on faecal sludge and septage management.
the assessment and its outcome will help us strengthen that strategy.
we are ready to provide full co-operation to the assessors, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the state government has formulated a rigorous guideline for septage management in households, which provides instructions on constructing the right size of septic tanks, release of wastewater in a safe manner, proper transportation of sludge and to ensure that surface or groundwater are not contaminatedbesides, the ministry of urban development has also framed a separate guideline, which was launched last month.
it is necessary to manage septage in a proper manner.
different areas of the state witnessed jaundice in the past because of faecal contamination.
faecal sludge and septage are among the most harmful elements of the environment.
they should be handled properly, said environmentalist manoj kar.
sandeep mishraservice at fingertip: an employee uses a biometric machine to mark his attendance at the civic headquarters in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department will roll out a human resource management system for the civic body's employees by may 31 to improve its service delivery system.
in the new system, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, or the government at large, will be able to keep tabs on the employees' activities and take steps if any violation is detected.
the newly rolled-out system will also help the officials take steps for their own improvement.
in the system, an employee may apply for leave, loan or put forward his or her report, request or grievance online.
in return, he or she can receive the sanction or reply online from authorities.
besides, an authority may issue notification or orders of transfer, promotion or deputation of the employees online.
the software automatically prepares the accounts and registers such as service book, leave account, incumbency chart and more that retrieve relevant data from transactions, said a department official.
he said it would also help the retiring employees to prepare their own pension papers and help the authorities to process those easily and quickly.
it not only facilitates the employees, but also the government in tracking the performance of the employees and take steps for its improvement, he said.
at present, the system is being used by a fewer departments of the government, including the school and mass education, home and a few others, while it is for the first time that the government is rolling out the system for any urban local bodies of the state.
sources said the system would first be introduced for the civic body and other eight amrut cities of the state.
later, it will be introduced in the rest 103 urban local bodies.
we had a meeting to fix the modalities to introduce the system.
we have decided to deploy enough employees at the government level to handle the software, said another official of the department.
mayor anantanarayanjena welcomed the move and said the system would benefit the employees in improving the service delivery process.
the state government has already implemented the cadre system for the staff employees of urban local bodies, and this new step will add more to the benefit of the people at large, said jena.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has warned civic officials of action if they didn't provide information on the civic body's ward delimitation plans.
in january, the department had asked the civic body to furnish details about its existing wards and future expansion plans by february 15 ahead of next year's urban local body election.
however, the civic body's failure to meet that deadline resulted in a strict warning from the government with the department sending a second reminder.
the civic body has been told to provide the data by march 31 or face action.
a department official said: it is important to complete ward delimitation to decide on the seat reservation for councillors and the mayor before every election.
it is a regular process.
we asked the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to complete the process in advance.
however, they are yet to furnish the data, the housing and urban development official added.
the civic body's attitude has enraged citizens of different localities, especially those who have demanded inclusion of their areas in the civic jurisdiction in order to avail of quality services and other facilities.
we have long been demanding the inclusion of our area since we live very close to the city and have a high population, said nandan vihar resident jayanti patra.
the roads, drains, street lights are in a mess.
we have completed all formalities, but some big officials have come in the way of the inclusion, she added.
residents of shijua, nadan vihar and tikarpada have long demanded inclusion of their areas within the civic boundary.
while all three areas have completed the formalities and submitted documents, only shijua, along nh-5, had made some progress.
all three areas are very strategically located with shijua being very close to aiims, while nandan vihar is near nadankanan and tikarpada lies in close proximity to sisupalgarh.
there is a process and we are going by that.
we are looking at all demands and will furnish the details to the government shortly, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishraamrut project: a new drain being built at old town in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: hopes for the city getting additional grant under the atal mission for rejuvenation and urban transformation (amrut) scheme appear bright with the central team appearing to be happy after assessing the measures for implementation of urban reforms.
two members from the engineering staff college of india, hyderabad had visited the city late last month to review the performance of bhubaneswar in implementation of the urban reforms under the scheme that includes introduction of online services for citizens and rolling out of municipal cadre among others.
the experts were assisted by bhubaneswar municipal corporation officials, along with other line agencies, including the public health engineering organisation (pheo).
an expert who did not want to be named told the telegraph that bhubaneswar was doing quite well in implementing the reform measures.
the centre has fixed 40 milestones to be achieved under 11 reform measures in amrut for the first two year of the scheme.
so far, the city has done well with introduction of online birth and death registration as well as online grievance redress mechanism among others.
bhuaneswar fairs in implementing the measures with ease, he said.
under the reform measures, there are components such as introduction of online building plan approval system, online grievance redress system, development of municipal website, collection of taxes in online mode, online collection of user charges, review of building bylaws, energy and water audit among others.
we have abolished the offline building plan approval process and made it entirely online.
we have been improving in every manner.
we hope of getting the grants for our good performance, said jena.
however amid the good performance of bhubaneswar, the experts were seem disappointed while assessing the other four cities selected for the review of the reforms.
other cities assessed were berhampur, puri, balasore and bhadrak.
sources said the implementation of the reform measures in these four cities were much behind bhubaneswar.
the focus remained on bhubaneswar, while other cities are lagging behind in the scheme.
the four cities are doing well in executing the projects planned under the scheme, but when it comes to the reform measures, they are not good enough.
we have told the government about it and asked them to make efforts for improvement, said the expert.
odisha had been awarded by the centre during 2015-16 for doing well in implementation of the reform measures under amrut.
it had then got rs 10.
27 crore additional grant.
the state is known for implementation of the e-governance services.
we'll continue with the good work, said a housing and urban development department official.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has decided to take a serious approach towards implementation of the new construction and demolition waste management rules.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is planning to outsource the work of clearing the debris, which can be found dumped carelessly across the city.
an agency will be hired, which will lift the debris and transport those to the two designated dumping yards on the outskirts of the capital city.
the agency will be paid using fine collected from the violators.
earlier, the civic body had tried to implement the rules by lifting the waste and levying heavy fines on the violators.
however, the absence of a proper mechanism had affected the plan.
there were three zonal commissioners were looking after irregular dumping of construction and demolition waste in their respective areas and penalised violators.
but it did not be continued in the absence of a proper plan.
this time we have decided to engage a separate agency for the purpose, said a senior civic body official.
at present, the construction and demolition waste materials are dumped along arterial roads and on smaller lanes making commuting a risky proposition for the residents of the city.
what's shocking is that apart from the common people, government agencies, including the public works department and public health engineering organisation, are among the major violators.
we are not going to spare anyone.
any individual or organisation found violating the norms would be penalised.
we will soon float a tender to hire an agency that will implement the rules.
it will also look after collecting the fines, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the centre had in march last year notified the construction and demolition waste management rules.
it had asked state governments to implement it.
under the rules, any agencies or individuals who generate waste from construction, re-modelling, repair and demolition of any civil structure has the responsibility to handle it in a proper manner.
if the waste generator failed to dump debris at designated sites, the civic body will do the job and charge transportation charge from the violator.
the fee fixed for each tractor trip to patia and another near the city airport is rs 5,000.
we have designated sites and asked the waste generators, including the public works department and others, to dump debris at those places.
since they didn't do it, we have decided to do it on their behalf and collect heavy charges towards transportation, said another official of the municipal corporation.
our correspondentbhubaneswar railway station.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the development authority has begun the process to get an executor for the bhubaneswar town centre project at master canteen square under the smart cities mission.
the bhubaneswar development authority has issued an expression of interest and invited bidders, who will be selected through international bidding.
the authority will receive the proposals till january 12, and the project executor will be selected by the end of january.
on december 20, the authority entered into an agreement with jurong consultancy india limited, a subsidiary of singapore-based surbana jurong, for making the final design for the project, which will see an all-round development of the railway station area.
the project design will be ready by the first fortnight of january.
we don't want to make any delay in the project since we have decided to start working on its various aspects simultaneously, said an authority official.
the project will be executed for rs 845 crore.
sources said jurong, which had started working on the project, submitted two types of design briefs to the authority.
experts will examine those and select one for implementation.
describing case studies of iconic buildings across the world, jurong has given a detailed report covering important iconic structures, including civic amenities and multi-modal hubs, in cities such as singapore, kuala lumpur, putrajaya and bangkok, so that several design elements could be followed.
it is one of the priority projects of the city, and we want to work rigorously for timely execution of it.
the railway station is the gateway to the city, and it will be developed in a manner, so that it would give a better impression to the outsiders.
it would be the first transit-oriented development project of the state, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the project will have elements such as theatre plaza, retail and malls, nature plaza, landscape, town plaza, art plaza, experience plaza and children's plaza.
this will also have food courts, service apartments, along with dedicated paths for pedestrians and cyclists.
indiscriminate illegal parking of vehicles right in the middle of the streets in various parts of the city is adding to traffic chaos and endangering the lives of commuters.
illegal parking has reached menacing proportion in roads such as bidyut marg, madhusudan marg, cuttack-puri highway, lewis road, ekamra marg, approach roads of national highway-5 between palasuni and khandagiri square and the road between jayadev vihar square and nadankanan square.
traffic congestion has become a daily issue on jayadev vihar and nadankanan road.
it is difficult to wade through the traffic during the peak hours.
the problem worsens at night as many vehicles remain parked on either side of the roads till morning.
the administration is doing nothing to curb illegal parking and the commuters are bearing the brung, said sitanshu meher, a resident of patia.
though the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) has put up on-street parking facilities on various wide arterial roads  including rajpath and janpath, similar on-street parking facilities are not feasible on narrower roads such as bidyut marg, madhusudan marg and the road between jayadev vihar and nadankanan.
motorcycles at unit-ii in bhubaneswar picture by ashwinee patithe number of vehicles in the city is on the rise and there has to be a plan for managing them.
the civic body should come up with concrete plans to provide parking space to vehicles to avoid illegal on-street parking.
it has to be done on priority basis, said social worker alok kar.
the situation has worsened so much so that residents of various localities have reached out to the councillors of their respective areas seeking their intervention in the matter.
we took up the matter with the mayor at the recent council meet.
we were assured that the police would help us curb illegal parking, said a councillor.
we have also written to the police seeking their help to get things resolved, said jena.
the shops on the sides of the roads never provide any parking space, forcing us to park on the road and go for our work.
it is not our fault but the shopkeepers and the administration who failed to provide us the space.
we wont hesitate to park on other spaces and pay if it is being provided, said jayesh parmar, a resident of unit-iii.
work in progress at the housing complex site at rangamatia and (below) an artist's impression of the upcoming five-storey building in bhubaneswar.
telegraph pictures bhubaneswar, may 9: the low-cost housing project for urban poor under the rajiv awas yojana developed at rangamatia here is set to become a model for other projects across india for its innovative method of water conservation.
termed as a zero water discharge housing complex, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's project at rangamatia bagged the hudco design award-2015 during the 46th foundation day of housing and urban development corporation limited (hudco) in new delhi on april 25.
architect and consultant associate of the project tara prasad dhal of the design group received the award.
mayor anantanarayanjena felicitated him for his innovative project last saturday.
the rs 49-crore project is nearing completion and will be handed over to the government in two months, said the architect.
the cluster of five-storey structures, spread over five acres, will have 600 dwelling units in 30 blocks and house nearly 3,000 dwellers.
the project will have shopping and community centres, open space and internal roads.
internal infrastructures such as water supply, street lights, transformer and wastewater treatment plants are also part of the project.
however, the major thrust of the project is not only water conservation, but also reduction in water demand.
in the complex, the total use of water is divided into two parts - consumption and non-consumption.
consumption includes cooking, drinking, washbasin and bathing, while non-consumption includes flushing, vehicle washing and irrigation.
the project has neutralised potable consumption of water by rainwater harvesting, and it has further reduced the demand by recycling.
the daily water demand of the complex would be 400 kilolitres, while we will supply 200 kilolitres.
the used 200 kilolitres of water will be recycled and again utilised, said dhal.
the complex houses three wastewater treatment plants with the capacity of 110 kilolitres per day (kld), 100kld and 90kld, respectively.
an amount of 100kld water will be recycled and converted for consumption.
around 100kld water will be used as sub-soil percolation to water plants.
the architect said his team came up with smart solutions in optimising the cost of backfilling (to refill an excavated area).
the wastewater, after treatment, will be allowed to run through sub-soil recharging pits made on the body of the drains, which will finally end at a nearby mango forest and other garden plants in the complex itself, he said.
jena said the civic body was making all efforts to promote rainwater harvesting in the city buildings, and this project would prove to be an example for others to adopt the water conservation techniques.
water conservation should be a major concern for all urban planners as the entire country is reeling from acute water shortage.
this is a great initiative in the city, said the mayor.
the project has come up under the central housing scheme, in which the state government has also a share.
sandeep mishrafinal touches: an artisan makes earthen diyas on the outskirts of bhubaneswar on monday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the upcoming diwali festivities have sparked fears of air and noise pollution.
environmentalists have already issued a warning and urged residents to observe an eco-friendly diwali.
they have also asked the administration to take concrete steps to create awareness among citizens.
the air quality index at most places remains satisfactory because of less construction and increase in bs-iv vehicles.
the weather is also favourable, said environmental scientist d.k. behera.
however, he said smoke from firecrackers could deteriorate the situation.
we are working with other line agencies to make citizens aware about bursting crackers low on sound and smoke and observe the occasion in an eco-friendly way, he said.
the civic body has also collaborated with the odisha state pollution control board and police to ensure the success of its pollution-free diwali campaign.
we have distributed leaflets, urging people to observe an eco-friendly diwali, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the board data suggests that the suspended particulate matter (spm) at most places was at a satisfactory level on monday - 80 micrograms per metre cube at unit-viii, 103 at unit-i, 54 at patrapada, 58 at chandrasekharpur and 71 at palasuni.
according to norms, spm exceeding the 100 micrograms per metre cube mark might trouble people with respiratory problems.
people with breathing problems or asthma should not burst crackers, said dr sobhan rath.
the telegraph had highlighted the poor air condition post diwali last year.
the spm at unit-viii was 141 micrograms per cubic metre, while the level at palasuni was 123 and 108 at unit-i.
more than 50 persons had to be admitted to capital hospital with respiratory problems caused by the heavy smoke from firecrackers and air pollution.
like every year, we have readied a special ward for patients with burn injuries and respiratory problems.
it is a regular task, said a senior administrator of capital hospital here.
kharavela nagar resident binayak rath said diwali celebrated the triumph of light over darkness, but the meaning had changed over time.
sandeep mishraon tax radar: an aerial view of bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body is all set to bring government establishments, including offices and quarters, in the holding tax ambit to augment its revenue collection.
besides, industrial units will also be reassessed.
while the housing and urban development department will assist the bhubaneswar municipal corporation for government establishments, the same for industrial units will be done by idco.
in a review meeting, held by the chief secretary aditya prasad padhi, it was revealed that the civic body had showed a dismal performance in revenue collection in the first three quarters of this fiscal.
the failure is mostly attributed to a low collection of revenue from holdings.
it is able to achieve 23 per cent collection of the tax from holdings from the set target.
the reason of such low collection is due to non-assessment of the properties.
besides, industrial units are paying as domestic users, said a department official.
he said it was decided to map the government properties, reassess the industrial units and collect the holdings.
earlier, the government buildings were exempted from paying holdings, he said.
the civic body is collecting holding tax from about 73,000 civil properties, which, according to sources, can be raised to over one lakh after the reassessment.
besides, tax collection could increase three-fold if the civic body implemented property tax.
we will hire an agency to do the assessment and reassessment of the holdings.
we have also started a process to have a gis-mapping system for the properties to know their exact holdings, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
bhubaneswar houses the majority of government offices and quarters, while there are three major industrial estates in the city.
sandeep mishraentry restricted: a dumper at the bhuasuni land fill site in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the odisha state pollution control board has directed the civic body to implement a set of measures to protect the existing dumping site from possible disasters, mainly the fire related incidents.
the board devised the measures following back to back fires at bhuasuni in february that not only triggered fears of a major disaster in nearby localities, but also increased pollution levels in the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will take steps to stop unauthorised entry to landfill sites in order to reduce the possibility of causing deliberate fire.
we penalised the civic body for the fires, but they claimed that it was caused by local residents, said a board official.
he, however, maintained that even if the local residents were behind the fire, it was the civic body's duty to stop them from entering the site.
they have been asked to barricade the site properly and make security arrangements to prevent unauthorised entry, said the official.
the board has also directed the civic body to only use soil cover to douse flames instead of using fire tenders.
sources said the water that fire tenders, used to douse flames, could get mixed with waste, got out of the landfill site and increased pollution.
we have received the pollution control board direction and started implementing it.
the last fire was caused by external elements, and we took adequate measures to stop its recurrence.
we are going to be specific this time, said a civic official.
apart from curbing fire related incidents, the board has suggested other measures for the yard's maintenance.
it has directed the civic body to divide the yard into four parts and use only one part for land filling while the other parts would be used in later stages.
we have decided to raise the height of the boundary wall to stop unauthorised entry.
we also plan to construct a security room at the site with full-time security guards to ensure round-the-clock safety, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sources said the board's suggestions would also be applicable for other urban local bodies.
we have intimated all municipal bodies in the state after taking lessons from bhuasuni, said another official of the board.
an aerial view of bhubaneswar bhubaneswar, feb.
3: the civic body has decided to work overtime to meet the holding tax collection target of rs 23 crore this year.
the civic body has so far been able to collect only rs 10 crore.
civic officials, however, are confident about meeting the target by the end of march.
the officials said that this year, they had targeted to collect holding tax of rs 3 crore more than the previous financial year.
in 2012-13, the corporation had collected rs 20 crore as holding tax.
the corporation officials said that lack of manpower had been the main hindrance in their achievement of the target of holding tax collection.
at present, around 50 field staff have been involved in tax collection, which, they consider, is very insufficient for the entire city.
the officials, however, are hopeful to achieve the target before the end of the current fiscal by working overtime.
official sources said that last year, 82,000 holdings or assessed houses had been covered under the umbrella of holding tax collection.
we have added 6,000 new holdings till date and hope to add 6,000 more making the total holdings around 94,000 by the end of this financial year.
this would help us meet our target, said additional commissioner in charge of tax collection krushna prasad pati.
a sources in the municipal corporation said bhubaneswar, that had been growing exponentially, had around 2 lakh dwelling units.
if the 30,000 slum units are kept aside, there are about 1.
7 lakh houses, which are liable to pay holding tax.
however, the annual holding tax collection is not exceeding rs 22 crore.
we had planned to increase the number of eligible houses and collect holding tax from these houses, said an official.
besides, the officials said that the tax collection had been done according to the old assessment, which was very low in comparison to todays standard of living.
they said this method of collection had also affected the overall tax collection of the corporation.
though a new rate was notified in december 2012, it has not been made effective till date.
holding tax collection can be a major source of income for the corporation, which we need to look into more.
we have to bring more households under this tax purview to increase holding tax.
my target during this period will be to look all possible options for boosting revenue sources, said jena.
led street lights illuminate the crp square stretch in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 10: the municipal corporation has decided to form a special purpose vehicle to ensure smooth implementation and management of the energy-efficient led street light project in the state capital.
the special purpose vehicle will be constituted by the civic body's private partner, which is looking after implementation of the project.
the international finance corporation, a wing of the world bank, will remain the transaction advisor of the vehicle.
the move aims to construct a professional mechanism for the project.
the special purpose vehicle for the project will look after its entire modalities.
it will look after replacement, installation and repair of the led street lights across the city, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
according to the plan, the special purpose vehicle will bear the cost of installation and maintenance of the street lights and only be paid upon achievement of a set milestone.
this will bring in transparency and ease the process of maintaining and managing the lights, jena said.
the municipal corporation rolled out the energy-efficient street light project in 2014, executing the project in a phased manner.
in the first phase, it installed about 13,600 led lights along major stretches of the city, while installing another 6,400 more in the second phase.
in the third phase, which began in november last year, it decided to install another 7,000 lights with a deadline to complete the project by july.
sources said most of the major stretches of the city had already been lit up with led lights while the civic body was taking steps to install them in different wards in the later phases.
according to an official, the municipal corporation had saved about 80 per cent energy and reduced its power bill by installing the energy-efficient lights.
led lights have more illumination and energy saving capacity than traditional bulbs.
its longevity is around 50,000 hours.
local residents also hailed the move to use led lights instead of the traditional mercury vapour or cfl ones, especially because of the carbon footprint that the latter two leave behind.
it is a good move to replace traditional mercury bulbs with energy-efficient led ones.
it not only saves energy, but also the environment since it creates fewer pollutants compared to ordinary bulbs or cfls.
i hope the civic body executes the project smoothly by forming the special purpose vehicle, said kharavela nagar resident biraja mishra.
sandeep mishrahard life: a beggar seeks alms from a car driver on a bhubaneswar street.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the state government has initiated steps to rehabilitate the city's beggar and transgender communities.
government officials will hold a meeting on april 4 to discuss the roadmap for the rehabilitation plan.
the government has approved our department's proposal.
we will organised a meeting to discuss the methods of implementation, said an official of the department of social security and empowerment of persons with disabilities.
the department will take help from agencies such as the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to undertake a survey to identify these persons and then rehabilitate them.
the health and family welfare department will also be a stakeholder in the imitative.
sources said once the identification of beggars and transgender persons was over, the government would take steps to educate and train transgender persons and child beggars.
identified persons will be resettled through different urban housing schemes.
officials will also conduct skill development programmes for their employment.
one of the objectives of the initiative is to provide skill development and training to the beggars and transgender persons so that they are able to make their own living rather than depending on alms.
the initiative will not only help them, but also help the city get eligible and employed people, said the official.
the rehabilitation plan also includes providing aadhaar, voter id and pan cards to the identified persons and then open bank accounts for them.
the bank link will be part of their socio-economic rehabilitation.
according to the 2011 census, bhubaneswar has 53 identified beggars and 246 transgender persons.
it is been seven years since the census.
we will be able to ascertain the real number of transgender persons and beggars after the survey.
our officials will extend all possible help in this programme, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the children's park at unit-ii in bhubaneswar.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, aug.
14: prabhat thakur and his wife take their six-year-old son aadhar to the theatre or visit the homes of relatives on weekends.
the world is changing.
these days, kids are busy watching cartoons or playing video games on their parents' mobile phones, which is completely different than the upbringing children had a few years ago.
this leads to them becoming passive.
they need some physical exercise or interaction with people, prabhat, a resident of vss nagar, said.
rasmita sahoo, a homemaker, echoed the thakur's sentiments.
she said children needed facilities such as a park where they could meet kids their own age.
playing is an essential part of a child's upbringing.
it keeps them active and fit.
i remember when we were children, we didn't have the distractions that kids have today.
we played outside instead of sitting at home, flicking channels on the television or playing games on mobiles, the niladri vihar resident said.
sahoo believes parks are essential to keep children active.
thakur also agreed with her.
at present, the city has only one children's park located at unit-ii.
the civic body developed an abandoned space in the locality into the park, naming it sishu udyan.
the telegraph had, in the past, reported about the plight of the space at unit ii following which, the civic body undertook its development.
now, the civic body has finally woken up to the long-standing demand of residents about the lack of recreational space in the city and plans to develop two new parks in the near future.
the two proposed parks will come up at patia and vss nagar and at present, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation is in the process of taking possession of land for the projects.
as part of the proposal, the civic body has asked odisha state housing board to hand over 3 acres of land that it owns for the project at vss nagar.
the general administration department is the present owner of the 6-acre land at patia, where the municipal corporation plans to develop the other park.
the park that will come up at patia will be named sishu vihar, while the one at vss nagar will simply be called children's park.
a civic body official said citizens of vss nagar had been demanding the development of a children's park in the area for a long time.
according to local residents, there were no spaces for recreational purposes in the vicinity and a park would go a long way in addressing that issue.
after deliberating for a long time, we have decided to consider the demands of the citizens and develop a children's park at vss nagar.
the park at patia was our own idea, the official said.
earlier, during sessions on the smart city challenge last year, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation had got a number of suggestions to develop dedicated infrastructure for children, including parks.
it is a welcome move from the civic body to have such facilities for children.
the city has got the smart city tag and it should take care of the needs of all age groups, said kalpana dash, a private school teacher.
there are a number of initiatives under the smart city project, which will cater to the needs of all categories of people.
leisure spots are one such component.
the upcoming parks will be dedicated to the children of our city, jena said.
sources said that once the civic body acquired the land, it would take nearly a year and a half to complete the projects.
we will prepare detailed project reports and ask the government to sanction funds required for the project.
the whole process would take nearly eighteen months after the final initiation, said a civic official.
the civic body will lease out the natural water bodies in the city to private entities in a bid to repay the loan it had taken to restore the ponds from the odisha urban infrastructure development fund.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation took a loan of rs 27 crore from the urban body two years ago to restore 14 natural water bodies that had remained in a sorry state.
dewatering, slit removal, improvement of erosion-proof embankments and construction of the retaining wall were part of the job.
the civic body had then selected the ponds  fishery pond at lakshmi sagar, sundarpada haja, nilakantheswar ponds at patia, balunkeswar pond at nayapalli and masjid pond at haridaspur  based on their condition and need of the local residents.
the restoration had started in march 2016 and by the end of march 2018, most of the ponds got restored except the bigger ones such as the fishery pond and the haja pond of sundarpada.
there were some problems with the bigger ponds, but the rest of ponds are already restored and ready to be let out, said a civic body official.
the officials will now auction and provide the ponds to private entities, who would use it for fishing, recreational activities and so on.
but, the move has irked the local residents and environmentalist.
it is not an ideal plan to lease out the ponds to private parties.
there are chances of irregularities if so happens.
the civic body should opt for other plans to repay their loan, said old town resident narayan jena.
the initial plan, however, was not the same.
the corporation was planning to construct sitting benches and walking tracks around the ponds, along with the provision of street lights over the embankments.
the original plan was to ready the ponds for greater use of the residents living around it.
but, due to manpower shortage, the civic body could not implement the plan.
in the process, we had to deviate from the original plan.
but at the same time, we also need to repay the loan.
the matter was raised in the council meet as an agenda few months ago when officials and councillors supported it, said another official.
officials will get the guidelines ready and then go for the auction.
the private entity cannot use the ponds according to their will.
they will have to adhere to the guidelines, said jena.
lakshmi sagar resident md hussain said the administration had turned blind eye to the ponds plight.
now, letting those out to the private party may result in the same old condition of poor maintenance, said hussain.
environmentalist sailabala padhi said the natural water bodies were filled with flora and fauna.
it is important to restore the ponds as it would contribute a lot to the betterment of environment and bring a balance in nature.
the ponds should be used for inclusive recreational purpose, said padhi.
an artists impression of the proposed town centre bhubaneswar, aug.
21: the process has started for setting up bhubaneswar urban knowledge centre, the third project under the ambitious smart city mission.
the knowledge centre will be a common platform between four major city authorities - bhubaneswar smart city limited, bhubaneswar municipal corporation, bhubaneswar development authority and bhubaneswar puri transport corporation limited - and will mainly look after capacity building of the planners.
a smart city official told this newspaper that the proposed project was being envisioned as a centre to provide knowledge-based support and contribute to organisational development and capacity-building inputs to all city agencies in the first year and act as a resource centre for the next two years.
the project aimed at bringing in an integrated master plan to provide a co-ordinated approach for city building, transportation planning, urban designing and building the city's heritage and cultural resources and system integration through the innovative use of technology.
the function of the knowledge centre also includes exchanging experience and communication at the national and international levels with urban researchers and civic administrators.
it will further help build a network with other cities and institutions in india and abroad.
the upcoming knowledge centre will act as a link between all our city offices that mainly look after the development of bhubaneswar.
it will bring us under one roof where communicating with each other will became easier, said jena.
former ias officer jayanta mishra said most government officials lack the expertise to carry out the work they are assigned.
they need proper training for this purpose.
capacity building is necessary for all.
this would enable the officials to provide quality work.
this will further resulted in a major benefit for the general public, said mishra, a resident of chandrasekharpur.
saheed nagar resident and teacher sushil kumar said: it is a good initiative of the administration to have a school for officials.
the plan of exchanging ideas with other bodies of the country and abroad will add further to the capacity of the officials.
the bhubaneswar smart city limited recently launched its first project -bhubaneswarone - under the smart city project.
it is a portal enabled with the map of bhubaneswar, which provides information about the city to the people.
the administration has also initiated the process to install modern traffic lighting system in the city.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the vicinity of the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) centre here will be lit again as the administration has decided to repair the defunct street lights along the stretch.
street lights between the nh-5 and aiims square have been defunct for long.
the telegraph reported about the lack of civic facilities around the campus on september 27.
we have issued a tender to repair the sub-station feeder pillar in front of the aiims and other street lights.
we will spend rs 2.
54 lakh and complete the job by mid-november, said a bhubaneswar development authority official.
the absence of street lights had triggered cases of snatching and other crimes, forcing aiims director gitanjali batmanabane to write to the municipal commissioner.
defunct street lights had led to criminal activities.
i had mentioned the problems faced by our employees and patients.
i had also requested the government to take remedial measures.
it's a good news that they have considered our case, said batmanabane.
the aiims and its surrounding localities suffer from civic problems since the area is yet to be included within the civic jurisdiction.
besides defunct street lights, the area also contends with problems of solid waste management and stray animal menace.
a housing and urban development department official said they had initiated the process to include shijua and dumduma, where the institute is located, in the civic body area.
we have already intimated the khurda collector to issue the notification, said the official.
once we get the district administration's nod, we will put up the matter at the corporation , he said.
sandeep mishrabhubaneswar: the housing and urban development department has issued a standard operating procedure for the civic body to declare the state capital free from open defecation by april 1.
according to the procedure, the department has asked the bhubaneswar municipal corporation to conduct a survey to check that all households have individual toilets.
the households that do not should have access to a community toilet within a distance of at least 500 metres.
besides, to stop people from defecating in the open, the housing and urban development department empowered the civic body to levy fines on those violating norms.
the municipal corporation will also have to ensure that all commercial areas have public toilets within a distance of one kilometre.
a declaration has to be obtained from all wards declaring respective municipal wards free from open defecation.
all the wards of the city will have to make a self-declaration and submit the same to the civic body for verification.
this decentralised process will ease the job, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
each of the schools in the area should give a consent that they have access to toilets at schools or at home.
once the declaration is done, a public announcement will be made and the people will get a fortnight's time to air their objections or grievances related to the open-defecation-free status.
after due procedure, the municipal corporation will upload the data on the centre's swachh bharat abhiyan website declaring the particular area free from open defecation and simultaneously the city in later stage.
we have already appointed ward-level committee to check the availability of toilets.
accordingly, we will intensify the construction of household latrines.
slums will be our focus, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishradaily woes: a potholed road and a clogged drain at kalinga vihar in bhubaneswar.
pictures by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: kalinga vihar resident ravi narayan pani has never seen his locality so deprived of basic civic amenities as it is now.
at present, the area has neither street lights nor enough waste bins.
roads are left in a perennially bad shape and so are the drains, while recreational facilities such as parks and amusement centres are completely absent.
pani has been residing at kalinga vihar since 1998 when the bhubaneswar development authority had launched the housing scheme project in this area.
last march, the development body had undertaken cleaning and renovation of a part of the underground sewer line, but left it midway with the work unfinished, he said.
the drainage network is not properly planned and causes rainwater to overflow during rains, he said.
the road condition is even worse.
though we have a 100-ft-wide main road, the bylanes are left in a bad shape.
the authorities never repair the stretches, he said.
recreational facilities are also a distant dream.
there are neither playgrounds nor parks.
there is a kalyan mandap, but lack of maintenance has rendered it unusable and its has steadily lost business.
we have nowhere to go for morning or evening walks as there are no such facilities here.
moreover, the condition of the kalyan mandap is so poor that we are afraid of organising any event there.
there is no proper lighting and the place is overgrown with bushes, said sidhharth hota, another local resident.
development of the housing scheme had begun in 1994 and the development authority built about 1,312 units for the higher-income group, middle-income group, lower-income group and economically weaker section categories.
however, quality civic infrastructure has always been non-existent.
stray animals are a menace.
the absence of street lights has turned the area turned into a heaven for criminal activities at night.
sanitation is a problem, and the authorities are doing absolutely nothing to resolve those issues, said minati mishra, a homemaker.
we have taken up a number of good projects, including a sewerage plant and a logistics park among others.
we are steadily developing the area and will look after the basic problems faced by the residents, said jena.
sandeep mishraan encroached drain at delta square on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: natural drainage channels and peripheral drains of the city have fallen prey to erratic encroachment and illegal construction, triggering a fear of a drainage system failure among the residents here.
several covered peripheral drains could be seen providing a perfect place for makeshift shops selling items such as fruits, vegetables, artifices and cloths.
illegal construction at various is making things worse.
encroachment is rampant at places such as jagamara road, acharya vihar, along janpath, nayapalli, rasulgarh, samantarapur, irc village, surya nagar, vss nagar, sampur, siripur and unit-vi.
the encroachments make cleaning of the drains a difficult job for sanitation workers.
the drains here often remain choked as they can not be cleaned because of encroachments.
wastewater overflows onto the roads and nearby houses, said acharya vihar resident bhagbat dash.
peripheral drains and the sewer system take wastewater from households to the ten natural drainage channels.
the natural drains cover about 103.
43 square kilometres with a drainage length of about 37km.
these natural drainage channels take the wastewater directly to daya and kuakhai.
it is the duty of the civic body to ensure regular cleaning of the drains.
several slum settlements have also appeared beside the drainage channels, making desiltation all the more difficult.
there should be a comprehensive effort to make the drains free from such encroachment, said social worker alok mohanty.
we are inspecting the drains and removing the encroachment periodically.
we have also formed a team, which will make rounds of the city and file a report on encroachment on the drains.
our enforcement officials will then conduct the eviction drives, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the khandagiri fair ground looks bare with most vendors yet to set up their kiosks.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, jan.
31: the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) authorities today allotted kiosk space at khandagiri fair ground to vendors.
the price has been fixed at rs 3,000 for 64sqft of space.
vendors were seen standing in queue at the bmc office to buy kiosk space.
sources said as many as 150 kiosks were allotted to the applicants on the first day and more will be allotted tomorrow.
a total of 260 kiosks are available.
the second day of the annual fair also witnessed a deserted look because the vendors were unable to set up their kiosks.
only a handful vendors were seen selling their products along the roads leading to the khandagiri hills.
the vendors said they had to suffer losses because of the delay in the allotment of kiosks.
in previous years, we have sold products worth between rs 1,000 and rs 1,500 a day.
however, this year, business of even rs 500 a day seems difficult because there are very few people visiting the fair, said bairagi jena, a vendor from keonjhar.
members of khandagiri surahkya manch, a local outfit, blamed the corporation authorities for not being able to conduct the fair smoothly.
the civic authorities are not even sweeping the fair ground.
we will start a sweeping drive on our own from tomorrow, said the secretary of the outfit, rashmi kanta mishra.
this year, the fair has been hit by controversies related to the allotment of kiosk to vendors.
the corporation had floated a tender to outsource the job of allotment.
however, the authorities cancelled the tender at the last moment because the bidder failed to deposit the tender price.
a senior official of the corporation, however, said that had the earnest money deposit been a hefty amount, the bidder might not think of withdrawing from the bid, but as it was very low, he could withdraw at the eleventh hour.
however, bmc authorities hoped that adequate facilities would be provided to conduct the fair smoothly.
we will organise a health camp at the fair ground and request the kiosk owners to set up same-coloured kiosks.
our officials will be deployed to conduct the fair, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
the archaeological survey of india has started a maintenance drive at the khandagiri and udaygiri caves.
the drive is part of its annual exercise to chemically treat the rocks at the famous jain site.
the fair attracts a number of visitors because of the jatra (opera shows) held there.
this year, the shows will start from february 4 and 15 troupes will perform.
our correspondenta corporation sweeper in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body is all set to get mechanical sweeping machines to clean the main city roads with a proposal ready to be submitted to the government for approval.
we have prepared the report, and it will be submitted to the housing and urban development department for getting funds, said jena.
he said that with the procurement about 82km of city roads would be cleaned and maintained accordingly with the help of the mechanical sweepers.
we have consider the best practices opted by other cities and come up with the proposal, he said.
sources said the proposal had already got approval at the council meeting of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation.
the mechanical sweeping machines will save not only time, but also resources.
we are considering a collaboration with private agencies for the purpose, said a civic body official.
there are two kinds of mechanised sweepers - one that is self-propelled and the other is truck-mounted.
we will get the truck-mounted one since it is easier to operate, said the official.
with the procurement of the machines, manual sweeping along the main city arteries will be stopped with immediate effect.
at present, the corporation conducts two-time sweeping activities at the main city roads with the help of both male and female sweepers.
however, the civic body's move to get mechanised sweepers triggers a fear of job loss for the engaged sweepers.
we are not going to remove anyone from the job even after procurement of the machines.
the manpower will be diverted to other places mainly the inner lanes of various localities for maintenance of their cleanliness, said a senior civic body official.
a man walks past colour-coded bins on a bhubaneswar street.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, april 18: the civic body has taken up the second phase of the process to install another 770 large colour-coded bins in the city.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) had already started the process to install 4,000 colour-coded waste bins and the project is nearing completion.
these bins, each of which has a capacity of 240 litres, will be installed in all the three administrative zones of the municipal corporation.
each zone will have more than 250 such bins, which will also have wheels for smooth transportation of garbage.
the civic body will spend rs 26.
95 lakh on the installation of the new bins.
we have floated a tender to select a bidder who will supply us the bins.
the bidder will install the bins, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
in november last year, the municipal corporation had started the process to install 4,000 colour-coded bins across the city to facilitate source segregation of garbage.
the project, which started in february, is now nearing completion.
at present, the city has around 8,000 bins.
one of the primary objectives of the swachh bharat mission is to encourage the use of waste bins and we are committed to do the job.
now, it is the duty of the citizens to apply their civic sense and use the dustbins properly.
we will do the rest of the jobs of collection and transportation of garbage, said the mayor.
at present, the civic body looks after the cleanliness of 10 wards on its own, while the remaining 57 wards are managed by private agencies.
the installation of the bins will surely help in management of municipal solid waste in a proper manner, said an official of the civic body.
sources said that once the tender got finalised, it would take about two months for the bidder to complete the installation of the new waste bins.
the new bins will be of green colour according to the code of the civic body.
the bins will come fitted with wheels to facilitate smooth transportation of garbage.
the bidder will get two months to complete the installation, said the official.
although the residents welcomed the move of the civic body, they also ask for timely lifting of garbage at certain places.
it is a good move to install more waste bins, but they should also ensure emptying the bins on time.
in our area, most of the bins overflow with garbage, said rasulgarh resident pratik mahana.
shoppers carry polythene bags at unit-ii market building in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, oct.
17: the next time you go shopping, be careful to take along your own carry bags.
asking for plastic bags might cost you as the municipal corporation is all set to enforce the new plastic waste management rules, 2016.
according to the new rules, the civic body will charge retailers a minimum of rs 4,000 per month for providing plastic carry bags to customers.
the shopkeepers can recover the money by charging the customers for the bags.
shopkeepers, however, have called the new rules arbitrary.
garment shop-owner pintu parida said: i have a small business.
if i start paying rs 4,000 to the civic body for providing plastic bags to buyers every month, i wonder how i will keep this business afloat, said parida, who owns the shop in saheed nagar.
customers backed the views of the retailers.
siripur resident neeraj pradhan said the fee was too high for small-time businessmen and street vendors.
large shops or malls can afford to pay the fee as they earn in lakhs, but charging small retailers in the same fashion seems unfair.
the administration should take another look at this, said pradhan.
the new rules notified by the ministry of environment, forest and climate change in march, asked the civic body and the state pollution control board to frame by-laws under it and enforce the new rules by november.
with the latest development, the pollution control board has started registering plastic manufacturing firms under the new rules following which retailers and other shops using plastic carry bags will be registered and charged accordingly.
the municipal corporation, on the other hand, has been asked to come up with a report to set up a plastic waste management facility in the city.
we held meetings with various stakeholders and discussed the by-laws.
the report is ready now and we are all set to enforce the rules in the city, said jena.
the main gist of the new rules is to discourage the use of plastic among users, he added.
in the form of non-cooperation in spirit and i hope the new rules will discourage their use, said sailabala padhi.
our correspondentlabourers remove waste from a road in bhubaneswar on wednesday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation will soon get a smart app for easy monitoring of cleanliness.
the app named door-to-door collection to be launched shortly on a pilot basis in one ward of the city.
it will be used to monitor door-to-door waste collection activities, along with service delivery process at the household level.
the ministry of housing and urban affairs has developed the app and is set for pilot implementation.
sources said the app would help the corporation to monitor the activities of its three private sanitation agencies.
one of the important objectives of swachh bharat mission is 100 per cent collection of waste at the household level.
we have achieved the milestone, but still there are complaints that waste pickers are irregular at some places.
the new app will help us monitor such irregular activities, said a corporation official.
the app will have an option for real-time update on arrival of garbage collector, registration portal for households, bulk waste generators and service providers, grievance redressal mechanism and online payment option for user fee.
a civic body official said people would be able to use the app to update the time of arrival of waste pickers.
the app will help civic officials spot any violation.
we have received the direction from the ministry and decided on its pilot implementation in one ward, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena said that based on the findings, the use of the app would be extended to other municipal wards in the city.
we already have an application for citizens that is contributing to the cleanliness mission, jena said.
patia homemaker nita thakur said online tools such as mobile applications and other social media websites had made it easier to approach the administration directly.
it is good that administration is coming up with such apps.
but they must ensure that the grievances are resolved on time, said thakur.
women work out at kato's gym at unit-iii in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 15: the civic body will build a gymnasium especially for women in its bid to take another leap towards becoming a smart city.
we have decided to have the gymon a trial basis first inside ouroffice.
women councillors andwomen employees will have accessto itananta narayan jenamayor, bhubaneswar the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has decided to procure the gym equipment and launch it first on its office premises.
if the women councillors and other women employees of the corporation evince interest in the same, the plan will be replicated in other parts of the city as well.
the women councillors have been asking for such facilities for long.
we have decided to have the gym on a trial basis first inside our office.
women councillors and women employees will have access to it.
later, it will be expanded to other wards, said bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jena.
jena further said depending on the success of the office gym, the corporation would also have the facilities in each ward of the city.
we already have two gyms in the city, but none of those are exclusively meant for women.
since they are interested in workout along with their regular work, it is our job to provide them opportunities for the same, said jena.
at present, the civic body has been running one gym at old town and another at samantapur.
besides, the bhubaneswar development authority has one indoor gym outside the indira gandhi park and 10 other open gyms at parks in various localities.
the city, however, has a few women-only private gyms.
but, they charge more fees compared to the government ones.
it is a good decision to introduce the all-women gyms in the city.
they should not bother about its success, as it is never going to be a failure.
we all are interested in workout at those facilities, said vidya mohanta, a private sector employee living in the city.
the open gyms, launched by the bhubaneswar development authority, proved to be a major success among men and women of all age groups.
open gyms are such a facility where we can workout right under the sky.
it is a different experience, but there are certain facilities, which are not available with the open gyms.
the indoor gyms would also give better options for workout with a trainer, said preety prada mohanty, a college student.
sandeep mishramatter of the past: bus journeys in bhubaneswar will shortly become cashless.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: cashless trips on city buses will shortly become a reality with the commerce and transport department planning to introduce the open loop payment system for transit services.
in the new payment system, the authorities will issue an atm-like card.
the card will have to be topped up with cash for use during bus trips in the city.
the authorities will set up counters where passengers can top up the cards.
the state government tried to introduce a similar payment system in 2013, but the plan failed to get much support in the absence of a proper awareness among the prospective users.
we are planning to reintroduce the system, said an official of the commerce and transport department.
the officials will get more exposure on ways to introduce and operate the payment system when they attend an international conference on transit cards in new delhi later this month.
ministry of housing and urban affairs is hosting the transport payment south asia 2018 conference where our officials will participate and learn the best practices adopted in various cities.
we will incorporate the learning while designing the new system for bus commuters, said the official.
sources said the officials would also be trained and sensitised in mobilising revenue for the service.
we have decided to strengthen our public transport system and add 200 new buses to the fleet.
the neighbouring transport jurisdiction will also be merged into one.
for this we need such smart technology, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
sandeep mishravehicles parked haphazardly at kharavela nagar in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the special purpose vehicle to carry out the smart city projects is coming up with a parking master plan for the city wherein officials will regulate the existing parking services.
the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl) has invited a proposal from potential bidders for a plan.
the aim to engage a consultant is to get expert help in devising a detailed parking policy and master plan to manage parking services in a scientific manner.
in the request for proposal, the bscl officials mentioned that bhubaneswar was one of the fastest growing cities in the country with its population increasing by 30 per cent between 2001 and 2011.
according to the calculations based on the decadal growth, the city's population is to reach 20 lakh in 2030.
increase in the city's population has led to an increase in urban mobility.
according to the comprehensive development plan, 49 per cent of the registered vehicles in the city are two-wheelers and another 11 per cent are cars.
over the past five years, almost three lakh vehicles have been added on the roads of bhubaneswar, said a bscl official.
the civic authorities now operate 76 on-street and off-street parking lots in various parts of the city, besides executing two multi-level car parking facilities at unit-ii and saheed nagar.
however, the present parking spaces are not sufficient for the growing number of vehicles.
the lack of parking facilities is emerging as a critical issue in the city.
around 90 per cent of authorised public parking spaces in the city are on-street that occupies road space and worsens the congestion and safety of several city roads.
we need to come up with more comprehensive plan for this service, said the official.
according to the proposal, the bscl aims to adopt a two-pronged approach to address parking issues such as developing a city-level parking policy and another to develop a pan-city parking management plan.
the aim of the parking policy would be to guide the development of planned parking facilities, while the parking management plan will take care of existing parking scenario and suggest measures for improvement.
officials aim to implement the new plans by august.
the implementation will begin shortly after the consultant provides its report.
we are already taking several steps to improve the parking services in the city while this new plan will be an add-on to our efforts, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
file picture of a marooned building at raghunathpur bhubaneswar, jan.
21: several areas in ward no.
1 are deprived of basic civic facilities, including road, drains and sewerage.
though patia and nearby localities, which constitute the ward, have swanky malls and some high-profile educational institutions and hospitals, black top roads are missing.
the drainage system in most areas is also lying defunct.
the ward includes infocity, kalinga institute industrial technology, aryapalli, prasanti vihar, silicon institute of technology, future bhubaneswar school, kanan vihar and part of sailashree vihar.
the old ward no.
1 is now divided into ward nos.
1, 2, 6 and 7 because the earlier one was the citys largest.
the delimitation exercise has brought us new hope and i am going to plan new roads and drains for the areas under my ward, said mamata rout, the newly elected councillor of the reconstituted ward no.
1.
the much-awaited sewerage work started at the ward two months ago.
rout hopes that the work would be over by the end of 2015.
due to the lack of proper drainage system in the area, the two natural drainage channels have also been converted into sewer channels with the drains from individual colonies emptying into them.
former councillor of ward no.
1 manoranjan behera said: the limited grant of rs 80 lakh per ward was insufficient for the area.
this could be a major reason for the lack of development.
on the other hand, the bhubaneswar municipal corporation never monitored the fees collected from the real estate developers for local development, so the development was never visible.
patia resident ratnakar pati said the development authority should take note of the real estate development near his area and its outskirts as many multi-storey buildings are coming up without proper planning for roads, drains and sewerage.
1 have become very important with development of some major educational institutions and it majors.
so, we are on the job to ensure a civic facelift for patia and beyond shortly.
the bhubaneswar development authority has banned building plan approval by the block development officer of the nearby areas because they lack technical expertise to grant such approval.
however, many buildings have come up with old approvals in some pockets of raghunathpur.
bda enforcement officer debaprasad dash said: earlier, we had attempted demolition on patia outskirts.
if any report from the planning wing comes to our notice, we can initiate action as the state government is willing only to target huge players and not tiny landowners.
zilla parishad member basanti patra, however, said the raghunathpur gram panchyat was also contributing to the development set-up in the area.
low-lying areas near raghunathpur were marooned by a bad drainage system on patia outskirts as the waters released from the deras barrage had flooded the localities after phalin last october.
the flash flood caused by the water released from the deras reservoir took many by surprise on both sides of the airport-nandankanan road.
patra said the area was flooded during the phailin-induced flood and also during 1999 super cyclone.
the outlet of the budha nullah was linked to a sluice gate on the bank of the kuakhai river.
as there was no watch-and-ward system near the gate, the flooding was caused and it is not linked to a bad drainage near the outskirts.
our correspondentbhubaneswar: the civic body has come up with a roadmap for to set up five decentralised compost plants at its temporary transfer station near sainik school herea month after it was planned.
the plants, which will convert the state capital's organic waste into compost, will be set up using modern aerobic technology.
aerobic composting uses air or oxygen to compost waste.
organic matter is turned into compost by micro-organisms living in the composting material.
it gives these micro-organisms the correct environment, allowing them to work quickly and effectively, said environmentalist sailabala padhi.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation will select an executor for the project, which will install and operate the plants for five years.
it will spend rs 1 lakh to set up the plants.
we have invited expert agencies to take part in the bidding process.
it will be set up within three months after the tender is awarded, said a civic body official.
the centre had repeatedly asked us to set up such plants.
now, we have drafted out a detailed plan and ready to roll the same on the ground, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
cows feed on waste dumped behind a hotel at unit-iii in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee pati bhubaneswar, march 14: the state government has formed a nine-member core committee to look into the possibilities of creating and promoting compost from biodegradable waste generated in the city.
the committee was set up after the union ministry of chemicals and fertilizers asked the state government to look into the modalities to create compost from the biodegradable waste generated in the city and generate revenue by selling the same.
officials of the agriculture and housing and urban development departments, commissioners of bhubaneswar, cuttack and berhampur municipal corporations, executive officer of puri municipality and managing director of nagarjun fertilisers and chemicals limited are members of the core committee.
the committee has been formed to look after how much biodegradable waste was being generated in the cities, the possibilities of setting up a compost plant or providing the same to private companies and more.
the project will first be implemented in bhubaneswar, cuttack, puri and berhampur.
later, it will be replicated across the state, said an official of the housing and urban development department.
earlier, the ministry of urban development had asked urban local bodies to prepare a project report and ink deals with compost manufacturers and fertiliser companies to market compost.
the city compost plan is one of the objectives of the swachh bharat mission of the centre.
the ministry of urban development had also extended its support to the municipal bodies for promoting the city compost project.
according to the plan, the ministry will bear 20 per cent of the project cost.
the civic body will hand over the waste to the manufacturer while the fertiliser company will market the produce.
we have already identified the hotels and other parties that are generating bulk organic waste.
they have been asked to have separate plans to generate compost.
if they want, our officials will help them execute the project.
we have also identified a compost manufacturer that will make and market the compost, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
environmentalists welcomed the step of the government.
the organic waste can help generate good revenue for the civic body.
the compost can be made and used in farming and agriculture.
the civic body should create awareness among citizens, which would help them segregate the organic waste for its best use, said sailabala padhi, an environmentalist.
sandeep mishralight up: led street lights at patel marg in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body will light up 62 dark stretches in the city with led bulbs in what promises to be the biggest-ever street light installation project covering 78km.
the project, which will take a month to complete, began this week.
it is part of the bhubaneswar municipal corporation's second-phase led street light installation drive, under which it plans to install 6,000 energy efficient bulbs in various parts of the city.
the authorities have already installed around 35,000 led bulbs to light up various stretches.
sources said major areas in the southwest and north zones would be covered in the second phase.
we have identified the stretches that need lights.
five of these are in the southeast zone, 34 in the southwest and another 23 in the north, said a civic official.
among the important stretches identified for the project are bhubaneswar club to capital hospital, ekamra park to biju patnaik college, indradhanu market to hotel crown, nh-5 to kalinga vihar, vipul garden to kalinga heritage, damana to gadakana and several inner lanes of sailashree vihar and niladri vihar.
the second phase installation will be taken up by neev energy, the partner engaged by the civic body for the project.
the areas mainly include the inner lanes of various localities, some of which are now lit up by mercury bulbs, while some others do not have any at all, said the official.
we have calculated the consumption and energy bill load on the civic body.
the consumption will be around 309kw (kilowatt), incurring an energy bill amount of approximately rs 6 lakh a month, said the official.
besides, the civic body has also directed the councillors to identify dark stretches in their respective wards and submit a report before the council in a month to expand the project.
the project is being taken up under the state government's unnati scheme, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
he said low-light areas would be identified, and those would get the led bulbs.
this time, the lights will be minimum of 70watt in each location and replace the low-power bulbs for more lighting.
lights will be installed in each locality under our jurisdiction, he said.
residents of kalinga vihar and sampur, among the areas to benefit, have welcomed the move.
they have widened the roads, but forgot to put up street lights.
taking advantage of the dark stretches, criminal have made those area their dens.
besides, accidents are rampant because of the absence of street lights, said sampur resident parvathi ojha.
our correspondentcivic workers catch a stray dog in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has drawn up plans to control the growing menace of stray dogs here.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has decided to procure more vehicles to catch dogs and sterilise them.
at present the corporation has two vehicles to catch dogs.
to sterilise stray dogs in greater numbers, the civic bo-dy will strengthen the saheed nagar veterinary hospital.
we sought the cooperation of the fisheries and animal resource department in strengthening the hospital at saheed nagar.
we will take steps to equip the present operation theatre with more equipment so that we can double the number of operations, said a senior civic official.
the civic body conducts about 300 sterilisation operations a month.
it intends to increase the count to at least 600.
besides, officials will also identify sites for construction of kennels.
the city has 120 kennels with the biggest one at the saheed nagar hospital.
this time the officials have decided to sterilise bitches instead of male dogs.
bitches will be sterilised since they are behind this population explosion.
our target is to sterilise 90 per cent of stray bitches, the official said.
the civic body will also help local hospitals maintain a registry to record incidents of dog bites.
it will help us get data on such cases.
we will make simultaneous efforts to bring down the number of such incidents, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
though the civic body has no record, estimates put the number of stray dogs here at 45,000, the highest in odisha.
these dogs survive due to the availability of food and shelter, said amulya nayak, convenor, people for animal.
official records show that the civic body, along with the fisheries and animal resources department, has conducted 9,214 sterilisation operations on the dogs over the past five years.
we are aware of the problem and have allotted rs 21 crore to sterilise dogs under the animal birth control programme, said jena.
ganga nagar resident sitaram hota said the corporation had failed to control the stray dog menace.
stray dogs are a threat, especially at night, said hota, a shopkeeper.
sandeep mishraplan crumbles: old town in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the administration's dillydallying over developing old town, otherwise known as ekamrakhestra, in the city has derailed its grand plans to maintain the area's beuaty.
in 2016, the bhubaneswar development authority's heritage wing devised a plan to replace all signages in front of different structures at old town with uniform ones.
it had also redesigned the signage and lso floated a tender for the project.
however, no progress has been made so far with the same signages used to inform and direct tourists and other visitors.
sources said the delay was caused by the development authority's failure to find executors.
we floated the first tender in december 2016, but the document had some flaws.
we rectified those and floated a fresh one last october.
the bidders found some errors in that document as well, and we dropped it in november.
we will float another tender in a month, said a development authority official.
the authority also devised a rigorous guideline to regulate general signages and display boards for old town late last year.
the guideline also gives the civic body control over irregular display boards.
however, the authorities have failed to implement the guideline as well.
we are going to form a special enforcement squad to look after its implementation at old town by sensitising all advertisers and shopkeepers about it within a month, he said.
the latest setback, however, came when odisha power transmission corporation limited postponed its plans to lay high-tension underground cables before the men's hockey world cup in november, citing traffic congestion.
the government asked us to complete the work before november.
but we realised after a field survey that it would not be possible to complete it by the deadline and we informed the government, said a corporation official.
dotted by several big and small temples, old town lends its temple city to the city.
however, it continues to struggle with sanitation issues and lack of infrastructure such as roads and drains.
there are too few waste bins that result in people randomly throwing garbage.
construction debris is also dumped in different parts.
the authorities recently started constructing a parallel drain, but the pace is too slow, said balaram jena, a resident.
our correspondentclean plan: the salia sahi slum in bhubaneswar.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the municipal corporation has come up with a plan to improve the sanitation scenario of the city with primary focus on efforts to be able to declare the capital open-defecation free a year from now.
the civic body has divided the city into three divisions -bhubaneswar town centre district along janpath, the slum settlements around salia sahi spread over four municipal wards and the rest of bhubaneswar.
we have targeted the 25 slums along the town centre district to make it free from open defecation.
now, we have shifted focus to the slum settlements around salia sahi.
we have identified 39 slums to make it free from open defecation in the second phase, said a civic body official.
the corporation will hire a separate agency to help it in the initiative.
we have invited proposals from agencies that can organise community-based campaigns to make people aware of the reasons to stop open defecation, said the official.
salia sahi is the biggest slum of the city spread over 256 acre.
more than one lakh people live there.
sources said many households living here do not have their own latrines and depend on three community toilets set up by the corporation.
if we succeeded in making salia sahi and its surrounding settlements free from open defecation, it will complete half of our job in the initiative.
we want to make people aware of the ill effects of defecating in the open and improve their hygiene practice, said mayor ananta narayan jena.
though the civic body had failed to adhere to the earlier deadlines set by the government to declare the city free from open defecation, officials believe the plan this time will work.
our officials and the community leaders have done exceptional job in the town centre area.
we have already declared 19 slums free from open defecation.
we need to intensify our activities and this time, we are ready to take the challenge, said the mayor.
an uprooted tree blocks a road at saheed nagar in bhubaneswar on friday.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar/cuttack, may 20: incessant rain triggered by cyclonic storm roanu disrupted life in the twin cities today.
rain-soaked city streets wore a deserted look, while trees were uprooted in many localities.
rain led to waterlogging in low-lying areas and sanitation services were also hampered.
waterlogging also resulted in long traffic snarls in some areas, including the central business districts of bhubaneswar and cuttack.
people living in low-lying areas of bhubaneswar, such as acharya vihar and palasuni, suffered as choked drains overflowed due to continuous downpour since the morning.
the civic bodies of both the cities had a tough time carrying out sweeping and cleaning operations in several localities.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation has cancelled holidays of its officials for a week to keep a tab on the low-lying areas.
it has been raining continuously since morning.
how will we sweep or conduct the cleaning services on wet surfaces?
asked kamalakanta bhoi, a sweeper of the bmc.
a senior bmc official said that they would shortly install pumps to drain out water from the inundated areas of bhubaneswar.
we are preparing a contingent plan to tackle urban flooding.
we will shortly pump out the water from the low-lying areas.
the sudden rain has caught us unguarded, said the official who did not want to be named.
city health officer of cuttack p.k. pradhan said: we have asked the sanitation agency to focus on timely collection and disposal of solid waste.
people can lodge complaints with the civic body if waste is not lifted from any locality.
another official of the cuttack municipal corporation said that the officials of the japan international cooperation agency's integrated sanitation project would take adequate measures to clear temporary blockages in all the drainage channels.
three agencies  jagruti, ramky and pmr  work with the municipal corporation to keep the city clean.
while jagruti takes care of sanitation in 28 wards, ramky and pmrs share is 15 and 14 wards, respectively.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) manages the job in the remaining 10 wards.
the workers of jagruti went on cease work on january 20 demanding hike in salary, safety and security.
the telegraph on tuesday visited a few places to analyse the situationmayors residencemayor ananta narayan jenas official residence at unit-ii, is a key location in bhubaneswar.
with jagruti workers going on strike, sanitation services in the area have taken a hit.
it is a sheer joke that the area where the citys first resident lives is stinking.
i dont know how he feels, but for us unclean environment is unbearable, said shopkeeper indranil mohanty.
unit-i market buildingone of the most visited markets of the city, this area needs regular sweeping and cleaning.
the strike has made things worse.
the market building draws outsiders in large numbers and requires proper maintenance.
the garbage now occupies a big part of the market and is not a good advertisement for a city that aspires to be smart, said garment seller jayant.
bmc headquartersthe strike has not spared the bmc headquarters of stink.
jagruti workers have stopped clearing garbage and sweeping the area that houses the bmc head office.
the waste bins outside the office is overflowing with garbage and the stink is unbearable.
it is tough making our way past the office building, said tea shop owner pritam hota.
suda officea few meters away from the bmc headquarters is the office of the state urban development authority (suda) at goutam nagar.
this office is venue to a number of officials meetings and conferences of various urban local bodies.
due to irregular cleaning since the past few days, garbage has piled up right in front of this office.
if things continue in this manner, it will not give a good impression to visiting officials of other urban local bodies about the city, said an official of suda.
lingaraj templeone of the citys major tourist destinations, the 11th century temple attracts devotees from various parts of the country on a daily basis.
garbage lies almost everywhere in the periphery of the temple.
wastes have choked the drains that are now overflowing.
the civic body should have a back-up plan to handle a situation like cease work by the cleaning staff, said jagannath ratha, a resident of tankapani road.
on receiving complaints, we called a meeting late monday night and asked the jagruti coordinator to resolve the issue.
we had been assured that work would resume on tuesday.
if that has not happened we would take appropriate action against the agency, jena said.
our correspondenta public toilet at unit-iv.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: the civic body is determined to meet the government's deadline to make the city open defecation free by october 2 by increasing the number of public and community toilets and individual household latrines.
its efforts will see an almost two-fold increase in the number of toilets in the city with a budgetary allocation of rs 10.
10 crore.
the bhubaneswar municipal corporation, having already expedited construction of hybrid toilets, has now turned its focus on replicating the efforts for public and community toilets and household latrines.
the proposal to construct the new facilities was approved by the housing and urban development department.
the civic body will spend rs 4.
95 crore to build household latrines and another rs 5.
15 crore for public and community toilets.
our officials have been asked to survey houses in slums that do not have toilets.
the houses that have space will be allotted funds to construct latrines, while the civic body will facilitate community toilets for those that don't, said a civic official.
he said special focus would be given to public toilets.
according to the centre's guidelines, we planning to provide public toilets every 500 metres.
we introduced such facilities in core areas of the city, but our focus this time is on other areas.
the municipal corporation had inked a deal with sulabh international last july for the construction of about 150 hybrid toilets here.
data suggests that 52 such toilets have already been opened so far.
besides, 48 toilets also have been constructed under project samman.
however, the data for the construction of individual household latrines is grim.
we allotted funds to households for individual latrines.
while they did construct the structure, they use it for other purposes.
we are going to be strict on such violations, said another civic official.
our correspondentsignposts set for change.
picture by ashwinee patibhubaneswar: officials of the smart city project are on the job to make it easy for commuters to spot their destinations.
the project has taken off in the city with the authorities replacing the old signage with the old ones.
the bhubaneswar smart city limited (bscl), the special purpose vehicle executing the smart city projects, has chosen new spots to put up the signage.
the signposts are being installed on the new adaptive traffic signal posts and the plan is to expand the initiative at other such places in the city.
the first phase of the rs 42.
82-lakh project is expected to end in september.
we have installed some signage on a pilot basis and are inviting proposals from bidders to complete the job.
the tender process will be over in june and the project will be complete by september, said a bscl official.
the pilot project has been implemented at five locations, which include housing board square, institute of engineer square, nicco park square, dm school square and anand bazaar square.
the next phase will include 45 locations.
for the project, the authorities have divided the city into five sectors - janpath, sachivalaya marg, ekamra marg, nadankanan road, bidyut marg and lewis road.
we will first install the signage on the new traffic poles and later shift to the others, the official said.
at present, the signage are installed mainly at city junctions, though most of these are in dilapidated condition.
the works department is also helping us in the signage project, said the official.
in the proposal, it was mentioned that new signage should be weather resistant and have longer lifespan.
the new signage will be on retro-reflective boards to increase visibility, said jena.
patia resident priya pritam welcomed the move to install modern signposts.
local residents might not need them, but the signposts will come handy for visitors to the city.
i hope the installation will be completed on time, said priya, who is a corporate employee.
