bhubaneswar: the state bjp on friday sought intervention of governor sc jamir for an impartial probe into the sex video allegedly featuring bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena and the death of an engineering student.
a 14-member delegation of the bjp, led by state president basant panda, met the governor at raj bhavan here.
we urge you to intervene and ensure removal of the mayor of bhubaneswar city for an impartial and transparent probe into the objectionable video allegedly linked to the death of an engineering student, the memorandum submitted by bjp to the governor stated.
panda said, we have drawn attention of the governor to the inaction of the state government on the cold blooded murder of an engineering student, which is directly linked to the objectionable video.
the bjp alleged that there were allegations that the engineering student, who was in possession of the video, was murdered in a planned manner.
despite evidence that the death of the engineering student was not unnatural and it was a murder, the police had closed the case to protect persons very close to chief minister naveen patnaik, the memorandum said.
after the objectionable video came to the fore, police re-opened the case but the investigation is not proceeding in a proper manner, it said and demanded that the link between the video and the planned murder must be investigated and the guilty should be punished.
we are apprehensive about a proper investigation as the case involves a person with capacity to influence the probe due to his closeness with the chief minister and the government, the bjp said.
meanwhile, bjp spokesperson golak mohapatra demanded that police should quiz the second person in the video to bring out the truth.
earlier in the week, the party had organised a bhubaneswar bandh, a two-hour chakka jam across the state and demonstration before the dgps office in cuttack demanding ouster of the mayor.
on the other hand, congress continued its dharna in front of bhubaneswar municipal corporation office demanding the mayors resignation.
the police cannot undertake an impartial probe into the matter till the mayor continues in his post.
therefore, we demand a cbi probe, state congress chief prasad harichandan said.
bhubaneswar: stepping up protest against mayor anantanarayanjena for his alleged involvement in an objectionable video clip, nsui and youth congress activists clashed with police at rajmahal square here on tuesday.
following the fist off with cops, state president of nsui itish pradhan and youth congress working president lokanath maharathy sustained minor injuries and were admitted to the capital hospital.
police sources said the activists were intercepted at rajmahal square because there was an input that they would march towards the mayors quarters at unit i and create a law and order issue.
earlier in the day, five masked youths hurled eggs at jenas official residence.
jena was strolling in the garden when he spotted the youths flee after hurling eggs and shouting slogans against him.
speaking to mediapersons at the hospital, pradhan said he was on his way to depose before capital police which issued notice to him a few days back.
i was going to the police station to give my statement on the video clip which allegedly features mayor jena.
the police action was unwarranted, he said.
in another development, pradip pandey who claims to be the proprietor of niakhunta.com, appeared before capital police.
the controversial clip was first posted on niakhunta.com and later circulated on social media.
meanwhile, a 13-member team of the bjp, which went to meet chief minister naveen patnaik at the secretariat over the issue, was refused audience with the cm.
bhubaneswar: opposition congress and bjp on thursday demanded resignation of bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena after an objectionable video clip purportedly featuring him and two others went viral on social media.
however, jena refuted the charge and said he was not the man in the video.
raising the issue through a point of order in the assembly, congress chief whip taraprasad bahinipati said the mayor should resign immediately.
why is the chief minister silent?
, he asked and demanded a high level inquiry into the matter.
demanding resignation of jena over the issue, bhubaneswar district president of bjp harekrushna khuntia announced that party activists will demonstrate in front of the office of commissionerate of police if the mayor does not resign by thursday night.
earlier, the student wing of congress, in a press conference, demanded resignation of jena and a cbi probe into the matter.
state nsui president itish pradhan also alleged jenas involvement in the death of an engineering student here.
however, the mayor said, the man in the video is certainly not me.
i am not at all the person in the video.
you can clearly differentiate me and the man in the video.
please observe minutely the belly, nose and walking style of the man in the video and compare those with me, jena told mediapersons here.
the matter took a political turn after president of odisha mahila congress sasmita behera filed an fir with capital police demanding jenas arrest.
the mayor also filed a counter fir in capital police station demanding arrest of pradhan and owner of a web news portal for trying to malign his reputation and damage his political position.
jena came in a procession to the police station to file the fir.
the mayor, accompanied by bjd mla priyadarshi mishra and other supporters, sat on a dharna in front of the police station demanding the arrest of the two persons.
the dharna was continuing till late into the night.
bhubaneswar: the deadly dengue has started haunting the people of the capital city after spreading its tentacles in keonjhar and cuttack for over two months.
at least seven persons from salia sahi slum here have tested positive in the last few days.
panic has gripped people as the fever is spreading fast to nearby areas putting the bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) officials in a tight spot.
meanwhile, the administration has stepped up measures to prevent dengue incidents.
a bmc health official said blood samples are being sent regularly for testing.
we are closely monitoring the situation and residents have been asked to keep their localities clean.
we are conducting awareness drives and fogging activities have been intensified, he said.
locals alleged that the cleanliness drives are not carried out properly in slum areas where lakhs of people reside in unhygienic and unhealthy conditions.
the capital city has more than 500 slums.
the most vulnerable areas are salia sahi, jharana basti, unit vi slums, shikharchandi slum, dhirikuta slum and habitations which are located in the vicinity of storm water drains and railway tracks in the city.
though the health department had warned about an outbreak of dengue in the slum areas here, no preventive measure was taken by the bmc officials to check the menace.
there is no reason to panic.
the dengue situation is under control, he said.
despite efforts by the government, the vector-borne disease is yet to be contained in the state as with 73 fresh cases on wednesday, as many as 5,394 people have tested dengue positive and nine deaths reported so far.
while cuttack topped the chart with 2,402 positive cases, keonjhar reported 1,446 cases, followed by 219 cases in jajpur, 218 in ganjam, 188 in jagatsinghpur, 172 in khurda, 142 in balasore, 128 in kendrapara and 126 in bhadrak.
bhubaneswar: water and power consultancy services limited (wapcos), a consultancy organisation and psu under the ministry of water resources, has suggested several measures for rejuvenation and conservation of bindusagar lake and its five periphery tanks in the state capital.
it has proposed de-watering of the lake, removal of sedimentation layers from the tank bed, provision of fresh water inflow from nearby daya river and other water bodies and release of some selected fish varieties which would eat the overgrowing aquatic weeds.
the central organisation has proposed separate tanks (kunds) near it so that offerings like flowers and garlands would be thrown in it, clearing of floating debris regularly from these kunds and placing of aerators to maintain the dissolved oxygen level.
while the suggestion of water supply from daya river has been propped from near lingipur with a two million litres per day (mld) plant at samantarapur, fish species like tilapia and grass carp could be released into the water body with the technical help from central institute of freshwater aquaculture so that growth of weeds would remain controlled.
similarly, proposal has also been given for management of water with the other five tanks, except the ganga jamuna tank, which needs no intervention as the stream is very active and produces good quality of water throughout the year.
the consultancy presented its draft proposal before stakeholders at a meeting held at bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) here on friday.
it also organised a meet on the banks of the lake which was attended by mayor anantanarayanjena , bhubaneswar mp prasanna kumar patsani, local corporators, priests and servitors from various temples and residents of old town area.
during discussion with stakeholders, wapcos experts raised their concern over carefree disposal of offerings such as flowers and garlands.
they requested the stakeholders to create awareness so that communities residing nearby would refrain from polluting bindusagar.
they also discussed issues like lack of sewerage and storm water network, shrinking of marshy land around the historic water body and pollution of natural drainage channel with household waste water disposal.
while the expert body on water management took up bindusagar as the central source for revival of a water ecosystem, it selected five other water bodies for the project which are devipadahara, kotitirtha, godipokhari, ganga jamuna and godavari kund.
built around 8th century, bindusagar is located in an area of about 8.
9 hectares.
bhubaneswar: the state bjp on friday sought the intervention of governor sc jamir for an impartial probe into the sex video allegedly featuring city mayor anantanarayanjena and the death of an engineering student.
we urge you to intervene and ensure removal of the mayor of bhubaneswar city for an impartial and transparent probe into the objectionable video allegedly linked to the death of the engineering student, the memorandum submitted by the bjp to the governor said.
a 14-member delegation of the party led by state president basant panda met the governor at the raj bhavan here.
we have drawn the attention of the governor to the inaction by the state government in the cold-blooded murder of an engineering student which is directly linked to the objectionable video, panda said.
the bjp alleged that there were allegations that the murder of the engineering student, who was in possession of the video, was a planned one.
despite evidence that the death of the engineering student was not unnatural and it was a murder, the police had closed the case to protect persons very close to chief minister naveen patnaik, the memorandum said.
while saying that the objectionable video came to the fore, police re-opened the case, but the investigation is not proceeding in a proper manner, it demanded that the link between the video and the planned murder must be investigated and the guilty should be punished.
we are apprehensive about a proper investigation as the case involves a person with the capacity to influence the probe due to closeness with the chief minister and the government, bjp said.
meanwhile, bjp spokesperson golak mohapatra demanded that police should quiz the second person in the video to bring out the truth.
the party had earlier this week organised a statewide two-hour 'chakka jam' and demonstration before the dgp's office in cuttack demanding the ouster of the bhubaneswar mayor.
congress continued dharna in front of bhubaneswar municipal corporation office demanding the mayor's resignation.
the police cannot undertake an impartial probe into the matter till the mayor continues in his post.
therefore, we demand a cbi probe, state congress chief prasad harichandan said.
bhubaneswar: the odisha pradesh congress committee (opcc) on thursday cancelled its agitation programme for gherao of block offices across the state on december 30 demanding resignation of bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena in view of the model code of conduct imposed by the state election commission (sec) for the ensuing panchayat polls.
according to section five of chapter-ii of the model code of conduct issued by the sec, burning of effigies of leaders of political parties is prohibited.
criticism of rival candidates on aspects of private life or of political parties on the basis of unverified allegations should be avoided, the model code says and adds, no demonstration or picketing in any form before the residence of any individual or before government offices will be allowed.
the opcc, however, asked all the block congress presidents to submit memorandum to block development officers demanding the resignation of the mayor and cbi probe into the death of the engineering college student which is allegedly linked with the objectionable video.
bhubaneswar: problems seem to be mounting for bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena who is embroiled in a controversy over an objectionable video allegedly featuring him with the state bjp giving a call for four-hour 'chakka jam' across the state tomorrow demanding his resignation.
meanwhile, union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan today described the allegations against the mayor serious and said it is a matter of concern if there is any truth behind it.
referring to media reports about the link of the objectionable video with the alleged murder of a student, the union minister said it seemed the investigating agencies and police did not treat the matter seriously.
it appears that there was attempt to suppress the case, the minister said and added that commonpeople will lose confidence in the system if allegations against influential people are not investigated properly.
about the sting operation on the alleged demand for cash made by bjd mlas for setting up industries in their constituencies, pradhan said police went after people who had raised the charges instead of the accused persons.
in this case also, the police has gone after those who raised the issue, he said.
general secretary of the state bjp pruthwiraj harichandan announced that the 'chakka jam' will be organised at all the urban local bodies (ulbs) of the state tomorrow from 10 am to 2 pm.
alleging that the murder of the engineering student was well planned, he demanded that the video should be sent to a central forensic laboratory for ascertaining the truth.
the congress today reiterated its demand for a cbi probe into the entire incident.
the party wants a cbi probe into the matter which is linked to the murder of an engineering student, president of the odisha pradesh congress committee (opcc) prasad harichandan said and criticised the police for targeting state president of national students union of india (nsui) itish pradhan on the issue.
bhubaneswar: in recent years, the number of slums in the state capital has grown by over 20 per cent, from 450 to around 540.
of these, only 116 are recognised by bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) whereas the rest are under unauthorised occupation.
these illegal slums have mushroomed with the patronage of local goons, who are part of an influential mafia.
the mafia have strong political connections which shields them from eviction drives carried out by government agencies.
and if the political nexus doesnt work, the anti-socials instigate the slum dwellers for agitation.
enforcement becomes a tougher job under such circumstances, sources in housing and urban development department said.
slum mafia in the city have become so powerful that the local police prefers to act indifferently.
though the anti-socials are identified, we do not have any direct evidence against them.
besides, the slum dwellers also tolerate their atrocities and keep mum because of the scare of being thrown out of the shanties, a senior cop of zone i of commissionerate of police said.
like in other developing cities, most of the slum dwellers here are migrants who survive at the mercy of the mafia.
sources said land valued at over `100 crore has been under illegal occupation of land sharks who are using innocent slum dwellers as a shield for over 10 years.
the total government land under general administration (ga) department is 21,511 acres.
the department had identified 478 acres of its property within bmc limits which was under illegal occupation.
to evict these patches, a central enforcement monitoring committee (cemc) comprising officials of bhubaneswar development authority (bda), bmc, ga, commissionerate of police and a few other agencies was constituted in september, 2014.
under the cemc, six enforcement squads have been formed of which five are entrusted to detect encroachments within bmc area and the remaining one for identification of encroachments beyond the bmc but within bda area.
however, despite the cemc, encroachment in the capital city is still rampant.
one of the major reasons behind sustenance of the illegally occupied plots or slums is granting electricity and water connections to the dwellers.
this makes efforts to evict them challenging for the authorities.
the mafia, which have grown in slums across the city in the last few years, runs an illegal electricity distribution network in several localities.
bhubaneswar: union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan on wednesday asked chief minister naveen patnaik to release the list of beneficiaries under rural housing schemes.
taking a potshot at the cm for misleading people, the union minister said unlike the bjd chief, bjp never believes in propaganda to promote political cause.
why is the cm shying away from giving the names of people who benefited from the housing schemes if he is confident that his government has constructed 10 lakh houses in the last two years?
pradhan questioned.
responding to the cms allegation that opposition political parties are trying to sully the image of bjd by making false accusations, the union minister said this implied that bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena did nothing wrong.
the cm should explain the delay in investigating the murder case of asutosh mohanty (rishi) by the city police, pradhan told reporters after a party meeting on panchayat polls.
union tribal affairs minister jual oram also attended the meeting at the state party office here.
bhubaneshwar: they are looked down upon, considered as an inferior community and have to even face the glares of the society, but breaking all the barriers and stereotypes, the transgender community continues to fight for their rights and grab every rare and delicious morsel of happiness.
justifying the above, in a first, a transgender named meghna got married to a man named basudev in bhubaneswar on friday.
i am very happy today and would like to thank basudev for taking such a bold step to marry a transgender.
people think transgenders cant get married or embrace motherhood, but i am proving them wrong.
, meghna told ani, adding that she has the right to get married like any other women.
the beautiful bride further said that it was an arranged marriage and that she had received the marriage proposal from basudevs family.
the duo tied nuptial knot as per the hindu ritual.
many people were present at the marriage and media also covered the unique wedding.
bhubaneshwar mayor, anantanarayanjena also attended the marriage and wished the couple.
the wedding was just like any other regular event, but with a different zing of thrill and courage in the air.
the baraat witnessed absolutely unabashed dancing and transgenders, men and women alike shaking a leg with gusto.
the groom was earlier married to a woman and had four children but later he got divorced and then tied knot with meghna.
it will give a message to the society and the entire nation that transgender can also get married, said a relative of the groom.
the supreme court passed a landmark judgment three years ago, recognising the rights of transgenders in the country.
it gave transgenders a separate identity while voting, applying for passports, driving license or admission to educational institutions.
bhubaneswar: mayor anantanarayanjena on friday filed a defamation suit in the court of bhubaneswar sdjm against national students union of india (nsui) state president itish pradhan and proprietor of web news portal niakhunta.com pradeep pandey.
a defamation suit of rs 1 crore was filed against pradhan and pandey who have charged of tarnishing the mayors image by circulating a pornographic clip.
both of them have gone on record naming jena as one of the characters who was seen in compromising position.
while the video, which was shot discreetly, has gone viral on youtube and social media, jena sought pradhan and pandeys prosecution under sections 500 (punishment for defamation) and 262 (fraudulently or with intent to cause loss to the government) of the ipc and sections 66 and 67 of the it act.
they have made a direct attempt to malign my image as a person and elected representative by openly naming me in the video.
i have also requested the court and police to take appropriate measures to ban circulation of the video on social media, jena said.
bjp stages road blockade, holds up traffic district unit of the bjp blocked the raj bhavan-jaydev vihar road by staging a demonstration at power house square demanding a thorough probe into the mayors video scandal and chief minister naveen patnaiks intervention in the matter.
speaking to mediapersons, bjp bhubaneswar president harekrushna khuntia said naveen should order jena to step down immediately while the probe is underway.
it is true that mayor an jena is present in the video clip which is circulating on social and electronic media since thursday.
we have sufficient evidence to prove this claim, he claimed.
the bjp team met police commissioner yb khurania and showed willingness to provide the evidence during probe if deemed necessary, khuntia added.
traffic movement from power house square to commissionerate police office was hit as hundreds of bjp workers staged agitation for over an hour.
vehicular movement was restored after the police commissioner assured the agitators of a proper inquiry into the matter.
cops issue notice to pradhan and pandey a day after the controversial video revealing intimate moments of two men and a woman made rounds on the social media, the commissionerate of police served notices to pradhan and pandey.
the police action came after the mayor lodged a complaint with capital police on thursday night.
both pradhan and pandey have been directed to depose before the police and submit their points.
the video will be sent for forensic examination, police commissioner yb khurania said.
while pandey has reportedly circulated the video on the youtube account of niakhunta.
com, pradhan went public and named jena as one of the characters in the video at a press conference.
on the other hand, jena and supporters took out a rally at station square on friday evening demanding immediate arrest of pradhan and pandey.
bhubaneswar: 2016 was a tumultuous year for the ruling biju janata dal (bjd) which found itself on the back foot for different reasons including the death of more than 100 children due to japanese encephalitis in malkangiri and malnutrition in nagada, the dana majhi incident which hogged international headlines, killing of innocent tribals and dalits in alleged police firing at gumudumaha and mahanadi river water dispute with chhattisgarh.
just when the year was coming to end, a sex video allegedly featuring bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena went viral on the social media giving the opposition political parties a much-needed opportunity to take on the bjd.
congress, the main opposition political party in the state, was also in the news for the wrong reasons during the year because of factional fights between the organisational and legislative wings of the party.
even though the party had enough opportunities during the year to corner the bjd, the organisational and legislative wings functioned in a parallel manner creating confusion in the rank and file.
things deteriorated to such an extent that several party mlas, including congress whip in the assembly tara prasad bahinipati, launched a frontal attack on general secretary of all-india congress committee (aicc) in-charge, odisha bk hariprasad for his failure to contain factionalism.
the youth and students wings of the party also caused embarrassment to the party when some of their members barged into a hotel room shouting slogans in the capital city where senior party leaders, including hariprasad and president of odisha pradesh congress committee (opcc) prasad harichandan, were busy in a meeting.
their grievance was that the party ignored late lalatendu bidyadhar mohapatra and did not give him due recognition.
despite attempts to bring about a rapprochement between the warring factions in congress, factionalism intensified with a section of senior leaders expressing unhappiness with the style of functioning of the opcc president.
situation in the bjp was no better either with some of the senior leaders not happy with the style of functioning of the state leadership.
factionalism also came to the fore in ruling bjd on more than one occasion because of open squabbling between excise minister damodar rout and his detractors.
statement by leader of bjd in lok sabha bhartruhari mahatab about the need for an alliance with congress to defeat bjp and its subsequent withdrawal sparked off a controversy with chief minister naveen patnaik countering it and reiterating the theory of equi-distance between bjp and congress.
the bjd had to face embarrassment as the story of dana majhi, a poor tribal who had to walk over 10 km carrying his wifes body on his shoulder from a government hospital in backward kalahandi district after being denied a hearse in august, made international news and exposed the poor healthcare facilities in the state.
the bjd government was under attack throughout the year over issues such as death of 25 people in a hospital fire in bhubaneswar, high infant and maternal mortality rates, corruption and power crisis.
health minister atanu sabyasachi nayak had to resign taking moral responsibility for the hospital fire.
the opposition alleged that healthcare crumbled in the state when more than 100 children died due to japanese encephalitis in tribal-dominated malkangiri district within a period of two months.
the state government also drew flak following the death of 19 children due to malnutrition at nagada village in mineral-rich jajpur district during june-july.
another incident in which five tribals and dalits, including a child, were killed in firing allegedly by security forces on july 8 at gumudumaha in kandhamal district also evoked widespread condemnation.
while naveen, who holds the home portfolio, came under sharp attack for the incident, politicians made a beeline for the nondescript gumudumaha village alleging highhandedness of security forces.
following public outrage, the state government ordered a probe by a special investigation team (sit) into the firing incident.
there was much debate over the mahanadi river water dispute between odisha and chhattisgarh with the state government finally approaching the centre for constituting a tribunal to settle the matter.
the state government also filed an injunction petition in the supreme court demanding that the chhattisgarh should stop all construction activities over mahanadi as it would drastically reduce water flow of the river in odisha.
while the chief minister ignored opposition demand for an all-party meeting to discuss the issue, all-party meeting convened by leader of opposition narasingh mishra on the issue was a huge success though the bjd did not participate.
a day after an objectionable video clip purportedly featuring bhubaneswar mayor anantanarayanjena and two others went viral on social media, the congress and bjp on friday stepped up demand for a high-level independent probe to ascertain the truth.
reacting to the daylong activities by different political parties over the issue, president of odisha pradesh congress committee ( opcc ) prasad harichadan said, we want the cbi to probe into the matter for a free and fair investigation.
as the mayor claims he is not the person in the video clip which also has links with the alleged murder of an engineering student, the investigation should be conducted by an independent agency to ascertain the truth, he said.
the demand for a cbi probe into the matter was also raised by congress chief whip taraprasad bahinipati.
bjp vice-president sameer mohanty demanded a high-level probe into the entire incident.
police should make details of the post-mortem report and final report in the case relating to the unnatural death of the engineering student public, he said and demanded that the case should be reinvestigated by police.
mohanty also demanded that the video clip should be sent to the forensic laboratory for ascertaining the truth.
as the mayor is an influential member of the ruling bjd and can influence the probe, chief minister naveen patnaik should ask him to step down for a free and fair investigation, mohanty said.
meanwhile, the biju janata dal (bjd) maintained that it is waiting for the police investigation into the case to be over.
the mayor has filed an fir and defamation suit against those who raised such allegations against him.
let the investigation be completed, bjd spokesperson pratap deb said.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: in a tragic incident, two minor girls died after the wall of their temporary house at keshari nagar basti in unit-v area collapsed.
according to sources, tuna kandy was sleeping with her two daughters, aged 3 and 2, when the brick wall of their temporary house collapsed on wednesday evening.
according to sagar bisoi, a slum dweller, tuna and her husband sushant work as labourers in the city.
the little girls were rushed to scb medical college and hospital in cuttack on wednesday.
while the couples elder daughter died on thursday, the younger one succumbed on friday.
the slum dwellers protested on friday and demanded compensation for the kin of the victims.
bhubaneswar (central) mla anantanarayanjena visited the slum for two days and met the residents.
red cross has provided `15,000 compensation each for the two victims.
this apart, `3,000 each has been provided under harischandra sahayata yojana, said jena.
jena said bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) provided `30,000 to the injured woman under chief ministers relief fund.
bhubaneswar: from arrests of dreaded gangsters, circulation of sleazy clips, endorsement of fraudsters by actors, daylight robberies to communal violence and police excesses, the crime scene in twin city remained active throughout 2016.
the arrest of cuttack-based dreaded gangster siblings sushil and sushant dhal samanta was the most prized catch of the twin city police commissionerate.
sushil and sushant, with their invincible clout over anti-socials and administrative machinery, twisted government contracts in favour of their stooges.
murders, extortion and kidnapping were part of their daily chores.
it took the police a year-long surveillance to plant moles and collect evidences to nab the duo.
the dhal samanta brothers were arrested on january 29 from bhubaneswar with the seizure of a huge cache of arms, luxury cars and huge cash.
the siblings are now cooling their heels in two different jails at bhubaneswar and choudwar.
1.
police taking dhal samanta brothers to court 2.
protesters hurl stones at cops at jadupur 3.
police fire tear gas on rioters at jadupur 4.
people gather in front of uco bank near raj mahal square after it was looted 5.
an activist of nks clashes with police and 6.
bjp workers block a road in bhubaneswar demanding arrest and resignation of mayor ananta narayan jena| expressformer mla of sankhemundi ramesh jena, whose henchmen sprayed bullets on cops during a raid at chandrama apartment here in 2011, was arrested from an apartment in khandagiri on march 6 this year.
he was charged with 32 cases including murder, rape, extortion, illegal arms trade, operating gutkha factories, tender fixing and land grabbing.
after his arrest, the police managed to nab 50 members of his gang.
the arrest of notorious pimp sunil meher, who helped spread prostitution menace in the capital city, was no less a feat for the police.
after evading the cops for over two years, meher was finally nabbed in kolkata on april 21.
the broad daylight bank dacoity at rajmahal square on september 28 exposed serious lapses in policing at sensitive junctions in the capital.
the dacoits, who came on two-wheelers, executed a 45-minute operation to rob the bank at gunpoint and escape from the spot.
by the time police were recording statements of the bank staffers, the criminals had packed their bikes in a truck and were heading home to bihar.
after remaining at large for over one and a half months, the robbers were nabbed on november 15.
however, the booty, which comprised `13 lakh in cash and gold worth `40 lakh, is yet to be recovered.
the police had to face a tough time dealing with public unrest which was at the peak during 2016.
violence, which erupted near dumduma on february 1, saw a pitched battle between two communities of jadupur and sarkantara.
prohibitory orders were clamped in the area for two days after rioters vandalised vehicles and hurled stones at police and public.
police arrested 20 person on charges of violence and arson and organised several peace committee meetings to resolve the matter amicably.
objections raised by residents of daruthenga panchayat over the proposed solid waste management plant at bhuasuni led to clashes between police and locals on the baranga-chandaka road on july 29.
the protesters pelted stones at garbage carrying trucks resulting in an artificial embargo on solid waste collection and disposal from the capital city.
police resorted to lathicharge, blank firing and arrested over two dozen protesters to bring the situation under control.
garbage trucks were escorted till the dumping yard by patrol jeeps amid tight supervision of senior police officers for a fortnight.
preventive arrests of over 1000 activists of navanirman krushak sangathan (nks) before commencement of the farmers rally on december 13 was termed as a harsh example of police excesses and an attempt to muzzle the voice of farmers.
the ruling bjd found itself in a controversy after a sleazy clip made rounds on social media which allegedly featured bhubaneswar mayor ananta narayan jena.
after nsui state president itish pradhan spoke before camera that the person in the video was jena, opposition parties left no stone unturned to seek for the mayors resignation and arrest.
a bandh called by bjp over the issue saw fierce clashes between the partys youth wing and workers of bjd on janpath on december 20.
while a number of fraudsters were nabbed by the police and crime branch during 2016, the highlight was arrest of film producer prabhas chandra rout.
as the chairman of oscar group of companies, rout duped investors from odisha, gujarat and maharashtra to the tune of `230 crore.
his firm came into limelight after odia filmstars were seen endorsing oscar group during a film promotion in gujarat.
bhubaneswar: residents of kedar gouri housing complex woke up to a nightmarish experience on wednesday morning when they found themselves marooned in a pool of water which gushed in from an under construction bridge on the puri highway.
it was around 6.
45 am when panic spread on the premises and the residents were unable to figure out whom to approach for rescue.
within 15 minutes, the water reached waist level submerging vehicles, leaving residents of ground floor in utter distress.
normal chores then came to a grinding halt.
representatives from the housing complexs society struggled to reach the main road to discover that the temporary retaining wall of an under-construction bridge on daya west canal had caved in leading to the flood-like situation.
to make matters worse, the flow swept along with it waste water drain originating from gouri nagar located on the opposite side of the road.
locals made the first attempt to control the deluge by erecting a barrage of sand bags.
by 7.
30 am, mayor anantanarayanjena arrived at the spot with a team of officers of bhubaneswar municipal corporation (bmc) and odisha fire and disaster management services personnel.
the joint team, equipped with four high-powered electric motors, strove hard to pump out water from the campus.
it took the rescue team more than four hours to drain out water completely.
this was followed by spraying disinfectants around the campus.
since the apartment complex was submerged in contaminated water, we ensured that no individual acquires any kind of infection.
the bmc supplied and sprinkled bleaching powder adequately on the premises and outside the campus, jena said.
the reason behind the caving in of the bridge was attributed to shoddy work being done on the bridge over daya west canal near garage square.
the retaining wall was built hastily during rath yatra this year.
water had been seeping in from the wall for the past few days and todays incident was inevitable, a resident of the locality s k parija said.
another reason which compounded the problem is encroachment on gouri nagar drain, which is also used by kedar gouri complex for waste water discharge.
this drain was originally 20 feet wide but now is reduced to 10 feet, thanks to encroachment by refugees and illegal construction on government land by some residents.
the narrowing of the drain worsened the scenario.
the water gushing through the broken retaining wall could have diverted through the drain, if it had retained its original volume, kedar gouri apartment secretary sanjeev das said.
