share this article related article lok sabha passes finance bill, rejects all amendments proposed by rajya sabhalok sabha passes finance bill, rejects all amendments proposed by rajya sabha parliament made irrelevant: oppositionparliament made irrelevant: opposition government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill explained: what is money bill and financial billexplained: what is money bill and financial bill bjp, opposition set for big aadhaar fight todaybjp, opposition set for big aadhaar fight today aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaparticipating in the debate in rajya sabha, congress mp jairam ramesh, the author of all amendments passed by the upper house, conceded he was probably indulging in a futile exercise but said it was his, and his partys duty to suggest changes that he considered necessary to improve the bill.
transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like aadhaar and public distribution system for food, but they don't have the documents for this, said ram park , programme manager, aarohan.
more and more bills are certified as money bills to bypass the rajya sabha, ram told the bench which asked, what ex-facie can you show us in it (aadhaar bill) that does not fall in the criteria for money bill.
??? The application would also deduct the money from the individual and credit it to the kiranas account, Nilekani said.
those members of a family whose names had got suspended from ration cards for their inability to seed aadhaar, can now get their names included, district-in-charge minister ram said.
One of our biggest supporters, the finance minister has been extremely gracious and supportive, and he has always sent me the message that we should do this as fast as we can," Nilekani told reporters at the first anniversary of Aadhaar launch".
his comments came against the backdrop of reports of differences between the home ministry and the planning commission over carrying out the bio-metric collections for the ambitious unique identification number project.
i have also given notice, jaitley said while referring to his announcement on aadhaar.
Nilekani also said Kumar never raised a single question against the project in the Parliament.
so we are focusing on it, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey told pti.
on nandan nilekani contesting the lok sabha seat from bangalore south constituency, ram said the uidai chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the congress high command.
everywhere i went, the refrain was  we want change now, said billionaire nilekani, who had his political baptism only recently after overseeing implementation of aadhar scheme as chief of unique identification authority of india.
it did not involve any process of authentication or matching by those agencies with the data held by them, was uidais reply.
aadhaar number will be the sixth such option.
melbourne: amid reports that he may join politics, uidai chairman nandan nilekani on monday said he was considering all options post-aadhaar.
58-year-old nilekani, who is the chairman of the unique identification authority of india, said talks are going on about the constituency from which he should be contesting.
rate cuts, stalled exports worrybengaluru: june 23, 2015, dhns 1:20 istthe audience at the indian institute for human settlements erupted in laughter when former uidai head nandan nilekani, who served as the moderator, asked arvind to explain the panga you have with the rbi over interest rates?
ashok m r dalwai, deputy director general of uidai, responding to the percentage of enrolment in the district, said, there were no surprises in the rate of enrolment observed in the district.
rahul asked partymen to be involved in constructive work like helping to link people to the system and securing aadhar membership, union minister jairam ramesh and aicc general secretary janardan dwivedi told reporters.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
uidai regional deputy director ashok dalwai told times of india the ministry of home affairs has given its clearance, and in the first phase, 65 guards will be deployed at the centre.
demonetisation to push digital economy, says nilekaninew delhi, nov 28, 2016, pti: 22:21 istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks, former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said today.
authorization through postal department would not be accepted officially but if there is no choice, then one can go for such process also, said ashok dalwai, deputy director general (technology centre), uidai.
ashok dalwai, deputy director general, uidai (karnataka), said that the authority had received several complaints in that regard.
pictures by jai prakash and pankaj kumar patna, july 29: chief minister nitishkumar today said the damage to houses and crops from the raging flood will be assessed soon, as the death toll rose to 26.
stating that good education is an indispensable first step towards creating more success stories like his, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said: .
once you pass the bill, the sc will lay off the matter, nilekani reportedly told jaitely, sources close to uidai said.
this actually is a good practice whenever they submit photocopies of documents, uidai chief executive officer ajay bhushan pandey said in a statement.
talking at the nasscom product conclave here, uid chairman nandan nilekani said that the us government had launched global positioning system (gps) in the 90s and later in the 2000s it was made available for commercial purposes.
he is attacking aadhaar to draw attention away from his own lack of achievements, nilekani said.
nilekani, an iit-ian who left infosys to join the government as the head of the unique identification authority of india (uidai), said, having a strong corporate background has been beneficial but there were few adjustments i had to make accordingly to work in the government sector.
on nandan nilekani contesting the lok sabha seat from bangalore south constituency, siddaramaiah said the uidai chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the congress high command.
nilekani said a governmental group was looking at how to converge two major national identification projects  the unique identification project, which nilekani leads and comes under the planning commission, and the national population register project, being undertaken by the registrar-general of india that comes under the home ministry.
share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
nilekani to quit uidai by march-endnew delhi, feb 21, 2014, dhns : 1:33 istuidai chairman nandan nilekani on friday said he will resign by march-end to contest the lok sabha elections on a congress ticket.
nilekani said the powers of uidai director-general ram sewak sharma and financial adviser k. ganga had been delegated by the plan panels deputy chairperson and expenditure secretary respectively.
we have taken strict action against them, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey said.
express photo by renuka purilinking aadhaar with filing of income tax returns is a way to curb tax evasion, and action will be taken on big depositors of discontinued currency who have not replied to the income tax departments queries on the source of cash, finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday.
explaining further, nilekani said: (director general of uidai) ram sewak sharma's powers are delegated by the deputy chairman, planning commission.
nilekani ready to contest ls polls, to join congressbangalore, jan 10, 2014 (pti) 17:55 istending speculation about his foray into politics, billionaire infosys co-founder and head of aadhar programme nandan nilekani today said he would join the congress and was ready to contest the lok sabha polls.
modi said this after reviewing the progress of uid project and dbt scheme.
i concede defeat and congratulate ananth kumar for his performance in this poll, nilekani, the face of upa's flagship aadhar programme, told pti.
the whole process can be made paperless, said uidai chairman nandan nilekani at the workshop in bandra aimed at the banking and telecom sectors.
my powers have been delegated by the pm, nilekani said, adding that uidai is an attached office of the planning commission.
ashok dalwai, deputy director-general of uid authority of india, bangalore, told toi on tuesday: the authority has completed all requirements as outlined by the centre on the technical front.
