share this article related article lok sabha passes finance bill, rejects all amendments proposed by rajya sabhalok sabha passes finance bill, rejects all amendments proposed by rajya sabha parliament made irrelevant: oppositionparliament made irrelevant: opposition government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill explained: what is money bill and financial billexplained: what is money bill and financial bill bjp, opposition set for big aadhaar fight todaybjp, opposition set for big aadhaar fight today aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaparticipating in the debate in rajya sabha, congress mp jairam ramesh, the author of all amendments passed by the upper house, conceded he was probably indulging in a futile exercise but said it was his, and his partys duty to suggest changes that he considered necessary to improve the bill.
transgender community members understand the importance of coming under the purview of government projects like aadhaar and public distribution system for food, but they don't have the documents for this, said ram park , programme manager, aarohan.
more and more bills are certified as money bills to bypass the rajya sabha, ram told the bench which asked, what ex-facie can you show us in it (aadhaar bill) that does not fall in the criteria for money bill.
??? The application would also deduct the money from the individual and credit it to the kiranas account, Nilekani said.
those members of a family whose names had got suspended from ration cards for their inability to seed aadhaar, can now get their names included, district-in-charge minister ram said.
One of our biggest supporters, the finance minister has been extremely gracious and supportive, and he has always sent me the message that we should do this as fast as we can," Nilekani told reporters at the first anniversary of Aadhaar launch".
his comments came against the backdrop of reports of differences between the home ministry and the planning commission over carrying out the bio-metric collections for the ambitious unique identification number project.
i have also given notice, jaitley said while referring to his announcement on aadhaar.
Nilekani also said Kumar never raised a single question against the project in the Parliament.
so we are focusing on it, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey told pti.
on nandan nilekani contesting the lok sabha seat from bangalore south constituency, ram said the uidai chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the congress high command.
everywhere i went, the refrain was  we want change now, said billionaire nilekani, who had his political baptism only recently after overseeing implementation of aadhar scheme as chief of unique identification authority of india.
it did not involve any process of authentication or matching by those agencies with the data held by them, was uidais reply.
aadhaar number will be the sixth such option.
melbourne: amid reports that he may join politics, uidai chairman nandan nilekani on monday said he was considering all options post-aadhaar.
58-year-old nilekani, who is the chairman of the unique identification authority of india, said talks are going on about the constituency from which he should be contesting.
rate cuts, stalled exports worrybengaluru: june 23, 2015, dhns 1:20 istthe audience at the indian institute for human settlements erupted in laughter when former uidai head nandan nilekani, who served as the moderator, asked arvind to explain the panga you have with the rbi over interest rates?
ashok m r dalwai, deputy director general of uidai, responding to the percentage of enrolment in the district, said, there were no surprises in the rate of enrolment observed in the district.
rahul asked partymen to be involved in constructive work like helping to link people to the system and securing aadhar membership, union minister jairam ramesh and aicc general secretary janardan dwivedi told reporters.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
uidai regional deputy director ashok dalwai told times of india the ministry of home affairs has given its clearance, and in the first phase, 65 guards will be deployed at the centre.
demonetisation to push digital economy, says nilekaninew delhi, nov 28, 2016, pti: 22:21 istdemonetisation would see a massive activation of digitisation of financial services in the country, although there will be some amount of short term pain in the coming weeks, former uidai chairman nandan nilekani said today.
authorization through postal department would not be accepted officially but if there is no choice, then one can go for such process also, said ashok dalwai, deputy director general (technology centre), uidai.
ashok dalwai, deputy director general, uidai (karnataka), said that the authority had received several complaints in that regard.
pictures by jai prakash and pankaj kumar patna, july 29: chief minister nitishkumar today said the damage to houses and crops from the raging flood will be assessed soon, as the death toll rose to 26.
stating that good education is an indispensable first step towards creating more success stories like his, uidai chairman nandan nilekani said: .
once you pass the bill, the sc will lay off the matter, nilekani reportedly told jaitely, sources close to uidai said.
this actually is a good practice whenever they submit photocopies of documents, uidai chief executive officer ajay bhushan pandey said in a statement.
talking at the nasscom product conclave here, uid chairman nandan nilekani said that the us government had launched global positioning system (gps) in the 90s and later in the 2000s it was made available for commercial purposes.
he is attacking aadhaar to draw attention away from his own lack of achievements, nilekani said.
nilekani, an iit-ian who left infosys to join the government as the head of the unique identification authority of india (uidai), said, having a strong corporate background has been beneficial but there were few adjustments i had to make accordingly to work in the government sector.
on nandan nilekani contesting the lok sabha seat from bangalore south constituency, siddaramaiah said the uidai chairman has expressed his intentions to contest and he told him he would discuss the issue with the congress high command.
nilekani said a governmental group was looking at how to converge two major national identification projects  the unique identification project, which nilekani leads and comes under the planning commission, and the national population register project, being undertaken by the registrar-general of india that comes under the home ministry.
share this article related article government opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money billgovernment opposes jairam's plea against aadhaar bill as money bill the lpg puzzlethe lpg puzzle aadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie pointsaadhaar bill is through after opposition scores a few brownie points hope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arun jaitleyhope to pass gst, bankruptcy bill this session: arunjaitley aadhaar bill introduced in lok sabhaaadhaar bill introduced in lok sabha aadhaar gets statutory status; centre to bring bill in two dayswhile wrapping up the debate, arunjaitley said that except for some questions with regard to privacy and disclosure of information which have been raised, most speakers have actually supported the bill.
nilekani to quit uidai by march-endnew delhi, feb 21, 2014, dhns : 1:33 istuidai chairman nandan nilekani on friday said he will resign by march-end to contest the lok sabha elections on a congress ticket.
nilekani said the powers of uidai director-general ram sewak sharma and financial adviser k. ganga had been delegated by the plan panels deputy chairperson and expenditure secretary respectively.
we have taken strict action against them, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey said.
express photo by renuka purilinking aadhaar with filing of income tax returns is a way to curb tax evasion, and action will be taken on big depositors of discontinued currency who have not replied to the income tax departments queries on the source of cash, finance minister arunjaitley said on wednesday.
explaining further, nilekani said: (director general of uidai) ram sewak sharma's powers are delegated by the deputy chairman, planning commission.
nilekani ready to contest ls polls, to join congressbangalore, jan 10, 2014 (pti) 17:55 istending speculation about his foray into politics, billionaire infosys co-founder and head of aadhar programme nandan nilekani today said he would join the congress and was ready to contest the lok sabha polls.
modi said this after reviewing the progress of uid project and dbt scheme.
i concede defeat and congratulate ananth kumar for his performance in this poll, nilekani, the face of upa's flagship aadhar programme, told pti.
the whole process can be made paperless, said uidai chairman nandan nilekani at the workshop in bandra aimed at the banking and telecom sectors.
my powers have been delegated by the pm, nilekani said, adding that uidai is an attached office of the planning commission.
ashok dalwai, deputy director-general of uid authority of india, bangalore, told toi on tuesday: the authority has completed all requirements as outlined by the centre on the technical front.
on the 60th day of after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
bengaluru: anti-land grabbing action committee convener a t ram said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land.
The meeting was also attended by RBI Governor and Deputy Governor R Gandhi, apart from senior Finance Ministry officials.
A bench of Chief Justice T S Thakur and Justice D Y Chandrachud listed the matter after Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi mentioned it and sought an urgent hearing.
unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal body responsible for rolling out the aadhaar programme in the country, has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents, in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system in rural pockets.
prime minister modi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
Replying to a question on the income-tax department chargesheet against him, Amarinder said there was no substance in the case and that it was completely politically motivated.
patna: senior bjp functionary sushilkumarmodi on tuesday said rajesh agrawal, the chartered accountant of mishail packers and printers pvt ltd, an alleged shell firm run by rjd chief lalu prasad's eldest daughter misa bharti and her husband shailesh kumar, has confessed to enforcement directorate (ed) that he had converted black money to the tune of rs 1.
Rohatgi said that as directed by the apex court on the last hearing of the case, the Centre has filed the transfer petition.
in his 42-minute intervention, modi said the gst regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that the Centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue.
sack sushmaswaraj , says rahul gandhinew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:29 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi who is the symbol of black money.
He had planned to disrupt the rally in Chabbewal but was stopped from sneaking in.
but the list, submitted to the supreme court, is not complete and it lacks the details of persons with black money, nitishkumar said.
by ptithimphu: prime minister modi on sunday said the students in bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things, which will impact future generations, as he proposed extensive cooperation between the two countries in new areas such as space and digital payments.
Sterner measures are needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people are to be guarded, he said.
Tax evasion would be increasingly difficult because at some point of transaction - from inception to the end - the whole process of manufacture would be captured on the IT backbone that is beingdeveloped.
The Indian voter does get swayed, but cant be taken for granted.
Our effort is to have as much public expenditure as possible while managing fiscal deficit, he said.
There is a chill in the air, with dark clouds rolling towards the coast threatening to unleash a storm.
Despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
The per capita net national income (current price) during 2016-17 is estimated to be Rs 1,03,818 showing a rise of  10.2 per cent compared to Rs 94,178 during 2015-16 with the growth rate of  8.9 per cent.
if the cashless economy is a chariot, the bhim app is the charioteer.
prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
speaking at the same event, finance minister arunjaitley said the revenue department and the ed had a very important role to play in indias war against black money.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
other atms which are yet to be recalibrated, will continue to dispense rs 2000 till they are recalibrated, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das had said on monday.
modiji has betrayed the people on the issue of providing jobs to two crore people every year and depositing rs 15 lakh cash into their accounts by bringing (back) black money stashed abroad, gandhi said.
modi said you would all get rs 15 lakh each; that the black money would be brought back.
saying that he was ridiculed when he first pitched for digital payments, modi said the experiences narrated by the beneficiaries were a befitting reply to such naysayers.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
on bilateral treaties on black money, arunjaitley said he had sent a delegation recently to switzerland.
PTI Photo Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
The Rs 1,000 currency notes will make a comeback in a few months, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here.
patna: senior bjp functionary modi on tuesday said rajesh agrawal, the chartered accountant of mishail packers and printers pvt ltd, an alleged shell firm run by rjd chief lalu prasad's eldest daughter misa bharti and her husband shailesh kumar, has confessed to enforcement directorate (ed) that he had converted black money to the tune of rs 1.
jaitley said the cap on cash transactions is being reduced to curb generation of black money and the move to introduce electoral bonds is for cleansing the political funding.
mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation move.
rahul gandhi has asked the bengal congress unit to organise a slew of meetings for drawing up the congress manifesto for bengal telegraph file picturethe congresss manifesto consultation exercise, an assignment from none other than gandhi , has thrown a fresh challenge for the bengal unit of the party that is grappling with cash crunch and organisational decline.
DCCBs have collected Rs 8000 crore in three days.
Any legitimate deposit in Jan Dhan account, the person concerned would not be put to any inconvenience.
making an emotional appeal at a function in goa in november 2016, modi had said there were certain forces up against him that may not let him live and destroy him due to his decision on demonetisation.
as part of his push for digital payments, modi asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
(source: pti)bihar chief minister nitishkumar on friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in panchayat bhawans in the state.
Though it had secured some advantaged earlier, things have deteriorated now to such an extent that they may not even win four seats in Punjab, he said.
with regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
mamata mamatabanerjee has repeatedly asked the centre to take concrete steps to bring back the black money from abroad, but they have not heeded, he said.
agreeing with congress leader mallikarjun kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties, modi said: but we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you?
acknowledging the legitimate expectation of relief in the middle class and cash-only informal sector, arunjaitley said the budget will help beat the fallout of the governments demonetisation initiative.
black money bill to be taken up in parliament next week: fmnew delhi, may 1, 2015 (pti) 13:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government will next week take up for consideration the new black money bill in the lok sabha to effectively deal with the menace of unaccounted wealth stashed abroad.
Slamming Congress and Left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after demonetisation drive, Jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move.
bengaluru: chief minister siddaramaiah on saturday asked the union government why raids and arrests in connection with unaccounted money were carried out only in states not ruled by bjp.
prime minister modi prime minister modi modiprime minister modi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
recently, finance minister arunjaitley had said that all efforts are being made to bring to book those who have been named in the hsbc bank list of black money holders and there are evidence against them.
noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his new year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, amarinder said modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from punjab and uttar pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
The supply of essential commodities is very closely monitored.
He said cash was being made available to co-operative banks for crop loan disbursement.
focus is on production and supply of rs. 500 and lower denomination notes, mr. das said in another tweet.
WATCH VIDEO: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Slams Opposition Over DemonetisationLeader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Ghulam Nabi Azad, earlier said that Dr Singh would like to speak something.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person introduced to the bhim app, one will get a cashback of rs 10.
Seventy years of change would need at least 70 days.
To a jibe by CPI(M) member Mohammad Salim, he said nowhere in the world will a Marxist say that there are virtues of cash.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
on his governments attempts to tackle the menace of black money, modi said, in our very first cabinet meeting, we decided to act tough the common people, who had seen others acquire huge bungalows, costly cars and other property with black money, have stood with us.
Earlier, it was so much in cash and so much in cheque.
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his New Year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
Political parties enjoy no immunity whatsoever, said Jaitley, adding that If there is any discrepancy in the books or records of political parties, they are as liable to be questioned by the Income Tax authorities as is anyone else.
rohatgi said linking pan with aadhaar was needed to curb the practice of tax evasion and to keep tabs on the circulation of black money as pan was not a foolproof deterrent.
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, Jaitley said.
das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in jan dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money.
vasudevan,chennaionly a partial stepprime minister narendra modis claim (demonetisation flushed out black money, says modi, feb.
buttressing his point, arunjaitley said that the services and financial sectors, which normally grow at around 9-10 per cent, had a fall in growth even before demonetisation was announced.
Action will be taken against those jewellers who fail to take PAN numbers from such buyers, Adhia said.
While hearing a batch of pleas challenging various aspects of demonetisation, the court had said that all the parties should sit together and prepare a list of categories of cases which could be referred to high courts and those that could be heard by the apex court.
don't evaluate me only on demonetisation and gst; we brought economic reform, built toilets, brought electricity to 18,000 villages, modi had said in an interview to zee news.
The Finance Minister said the cash-to-GDP ratio in India is  12.2 per cent as against 2 to 5 per cent in developed and emerging economies.
modi to stress on black money at g-20 summitnew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns: 0:29 istprime minister narendramodi on monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the g-20 summit in australia.
With the existing RBI norms allowing only Rs 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and Rs 1 lakh from current account, it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning, from January 21 (when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations) to February 2 (the last date for electioneering), he wrote in the letter.
pointing out that india is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors, prime minister modi said india is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers, from schools to space, digital payments to disaster management.
officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister modi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
The counter: "People of Punjab are aware that the Akalis and the Badals have looted Punjab for the last 10 years.
we will strive to restock atms at the earliest and make them operational, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya said.
Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
He said the CBDT is taking "surgical action" on data provided by the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) and the Suspicious Transaction Reports (STRs) filed by banks for detecting illegal accumulation of new currency".
on the 60th day of after prime minister modi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and mediapersons.
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation," said Jaitley".
the pmo direction came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the november-december period after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation.
in the 26th edition of mann ki baat programme, prime minister modi said, i know cashless economy is different.
These are your hospitals and they give proper receipts, it said.
wannacry doesnt look like something that will affect the atms, unlike personal or corporate endpoints, said modi , the ceo and co-founder of lucideus.
pm modi with bjp chief amit shah pm modi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, arunjaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provokethe people against the government have proved futile, Jaitley said".
So the focus is further strengthening and activation of the network of Business Correspondents, the network of post offices, ATM networks and the network and reach of the banking system, activation and widening the facility of e-payment and finally great emphasis.
asked if his opposition to demonetisation could have been a reason for the nda government not to give another term to the then rbi governor, ram said, in retrospect, that could be one of the reasons but i think there were other reasons also.
we will take more action under the benami act against those who are hoarding black money in kind and properties, modi said to the thumping of the desks by the treasury benches.
But in equal measure, I would also implore them to do adequate research before jumping the gun.
???? This would prevent certain syndicates and certain kind of people coming to branch again and again, he said.
A lot of hardship, violence and killings were witnessed during the Independence movement and partition, the BJP leader said, adding had there been TV channels at that time, the difficulties would have been highlighted instead of the freedom.
He also endorsed the elevation of Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for the Centre, had said that the government was aware of the situation in cooperative banks which lack proper infrastructure and mechanism as compared to scheduled banks.
The submission came after senior advocate P Chidambaram, appearing for cooperative banks, questioned the governments decision, saying that the rural economy was almost paralysed due to non-inclusion of cooperative banks.
The Prime Minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high value currency notes.
(source: ap) pm modi also said that combating the menace of black money and tax evasion will be india and switzerlands shared priority.
the bank is fully geared to meet all the financial requirements of its retail as well as corporate customers with its nation-wide net-work of branches and atms, said jain.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the third quarter and the  7.1 per cent growth projected for full fiscal are "definitely something noteworthy"".
We had said that most of the reports were anecdotal, not based on statistics.
prime minister modi said he is performing a yagna against black money and corruption.
for the urban population, das said recalibration of atms has already started and they will start dispensing the new rs 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow.
According to the RBI, the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes accounted for 86% of the total value of notes in circulation.
cautioning the party against drawing unfair parallels between the demonetisation and the surgical strike on terror launch pads along the loc, modi said that more steps would be taken to fight black money and corruption.
finance secretary ashok lavasa on december 16 had said that the withdrawal limit was to be reviewed after december 30, 2016.
attacking former prime minister manmohan singh, who has been unsparing in his criticism of demonetisation, modi said he advocated strong measures against corruption and black money but did nothing during his rule of 10 years.
many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
if they (the akalis) are allowed to continue with their uninhibited control over the state's administration till the completion of the polls, they will not only plunge the state into further lawlessness but will misuse the sgpc to covert their black money into white, said amarinder.
with industry demanding lowering of proposed gst rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% post the demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states at present collect rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue has to be collected in the gst regime.
modi said the centre was scared of ramdev asking to weed out black money after the arrest of hasan ali who was now under the supreme court scanner.
As regards to the inflation, Jaitley said it is at  3.6 per cent as against the target of 4 per cent (+/- 2 per cent) given to the RBI and the current account deficit has been brought down to  0.3 per cent from a high of  4.5 per cent during UPA regime.
addressing a gathering at fintech festival in singapore , pm modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities, adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy.
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up, as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country, he said, adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters after the meeting.
this will improve the functioning of toll plaza, digital payments, das said.
pm seeks views of people on demonetisationnew delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 12:26 istamid opposition attack, prime minister modi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on demonetisation via his app.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
(PTI Photo)Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday objected to former prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh speak on the issue of demonetisation in Rajya Sabha and asked the opposition to resume the debateIf it is on the demonetisation issue let the opposition resume the debate and let Dr. Manmohan Singh speak.
mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
pm seeks views of people on demonetisationnew delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 12:26 istamid opposition attack, prime minister narendramodi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on demonetisation via his app.
read | pm modi launches three indian digital payment apps in singaporeadvocating indias open stand on international trade regime, pm modi said india stands for a stable environment in the indo-pacific region.
also watch | up elections 2017: muzaffarnagar revisitedagreeing with congress leader mallikarjun kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties, modi said: but we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you?
Reduction in parallel economy would increase the size of formal economy," he added.
on whether the government has assessed the extent of impact on shipments, teaotia told pti that commerce ministry has entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of demonetisation".
demonetisation +times of india litfest +new delhi:will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion, said nandan nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of india, at thetoday.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
pm modi also said that combating the menace of black money and tax evasion will be india and switzerlands shared priority.
we will be talking about the steps taken up by the government in curbing black money, uniform civil code and lack of scams, bihar deputy cm modi said.
#demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said in a series of five tweets on wednesday.
there was some slowdown visible given the global and domestic situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said while addressing media on completion of three years of the modi government.
The ink has also been used in pulse polio programmes in India and other countries and is sometimes used in hospitals to mark cancer-affected parts of the body.
taking a jibe at the sp and bsp, modi said though they always bayed for each others blood, the adversaries were together on a common platform on the issue of the note ban.
chief minister nitishkumar says the cases of black money and benami properties against lalu clan fall under the domain of central government, but this case pertains to the state government only.
If there is no debate, nobody from the opposition is going to be allowed to speak, Jaitley said.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
Trails being pursued by agencies.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
he added.
this will improve the functioning of toll plazas, digital payments, das said.
Stronger and sterner measures were needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people were to be guarded against frequent external assaults, he said.
The bench said it will examine it on Monday.
Similarly, banks have been advised to waive debit and credit card charges.
Watch What Else is Making NewsStating that people still feel inspired and enthused under the Modi government, the minister noted that resentment builds up with passage of time after a new dispensation takes over, but there is no such feeling against the BJP-led regime.
pitching the use of bhim app to make digital transactions, modi once again, asked the people to teach others how to use the app.
Registered traders at mandis can withdraw Rs 50,000 per week to meet labour costs, he added.
In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi, Amarinder said that, given the time constraints, the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI, to facilitate fair play of democratic processes.
pm modi also asked the youth to download bhim app for making digital payments.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
They enjoy no immunity whatsoever.
| reutersnew delhi: india will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters on tuesday, as part of the government's fight against the cash economy.
ridiculing the idea of cashless economy, ram said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented.
while campaigning for the lok sabha elections in 2014, modi had said that, if voted to power, the nda government would bring back the black money within 100 days of forming the government.
Going forward we should see improvements in the sector," Das said.
talking about the new reforms to check unaccounted money in the political system, arunjaitley said the proposed electoral bonds will maintain anonymity of donors.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
As far as government departments and Central PSUs are concerned, he said they have been advised to carry out all payments online and resort to cash withdrawal only in totally unavoidable situations.
prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
the government will take many more innovative steps to make assam the first state to achieve the target of 100 per cent cashless and digital transactions, sonowal said.
(File Photo) Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
He told the apex court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
sharma said prime minister narendramodi , during bjp's poll campaign, had claimed that black money was to the tune of rs 85 lakh crore.
bulk of black money still in india: jaitleynew delhi, oct 05, 2015, dhns 1:36 istfm outlines measures to check itafter a clampdown on overseas unaccounted wealth and assets, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said the bulk of black money is still within india.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley had said.
digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
in his letter today, dubey claimed that ever since modi announced the demonetisation decision on november 8, thomas became restive and started searching for options to politicise the revolutionary step.
he said modi had also said that black money stashed abroad is equal to five union budgets and that it was enough to put rs 15 lakh in the account of all indian citizens.
maen desh ke kale dhan ke neeche garibon ke dabne nahi doonga (i will not allow black money to crush the poor), modi told the parliamentary party meeting of the bjp on tuesday morning.
new delhi: delhi chief minister arvindkejriwal on tuesday said he will request lieutenant governor anil baijal to approve appointment of pharmacists in the city hospitals to avoid long queues for medicines, said an official.
The situation is normalising in the urban areas.
singling out the gandhis for seeking account of demonetisation, modi asked whether the mother-son duo who are out on bail for financial irregularities would give him certificate of honesty.
the new generation believes in digital payments, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat.
the quotation killings and attacks began to be reported across the state, particularly from malappuram and kozhikode, by the late 1980s and early 90s, with unaccounted money flowing in from the gulf and with gold smuggling becoming lucrative,retired sp babu says hawala operators and gold dealers in kozhikode and malappuram were the first to tap the potential of quotation gangs.
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month, about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation, which were actually in circulation, at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days, Das said.
Rohatgi told the court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday announced lucky draw schemes for people who use digital payment methods including e-banking, mobile banking and e-wallets.
Stronger and sterner measures were needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people were to be guarded against frequent external assaults, he said.
the country, which was once referred to as a 'golden bird', has now become just the opposite, modi said addressing a public rally at parade grounds here and reiterated his commitment to take on the corrupt and black money.
Trails being pursued by agencies.
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency," Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
Jaitley categorically said there is no question of sparing anyone, and the political class is no exception.
modi said people who cannot endorse action against corruption and black money were relentlessly searching for faults with his government.
CHANDIGARH: Punjab Congress president Capt Amarinder Singh said on Tuesday that he had met cricketer-turned-politician Navjot Singh Sidhu and felt that the BJP rebel was interested in campaign for the Congress in the run-up to the 2017 assembly elections Hinting at Sidhu announce his role in the Punjab Congress soon, Amarinder said the decision on contesting the Amritsar Lok Sabha byelection had been left to the former MP.
annapurna singh, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 14:20 ista day after data showed india's key infrastructure sectors growing at their fastest pace along with sustained acceleration in manufacturing, finance minister arunjaitley on tuesday said demonetisation did not see a 2  dip in the economy nor did it induce any agrarian crisis as apprehended.
this is the second case of electrocution in the past four and a half months in the coimbatore forest division and we registered a case against the farmer and detained him, said s ram , district forest officer, coimbatore forest division.
then they purchase 80 to 90 cattle and carry it in their truck pretending as farmers and eventually slaughter the animals, gandhi said in new delhi.
hailing farmers, modi said lakhs of them from across india came together, gave their tools, parts of their land in order to build the statue.
it is not possible to implement all promises in eight months, especially given the financial crisis inherited from the erstwhile sad-bjp government, said the cm, adding that the state was struggling to generate its own resources, including loans to fulfil its promises.
defending the style of functioning of the state government, ram said it was striving in an effective manner to tackle drought.
if we can gather together to save jallikattu , then these are saviors of us, we will support them till they get the assurance from the government, said madan , it professional from noida who came to support the farmers.
referring to his visit last week to madhya pradesh when he was not allowed to enter the state to meet the families of farmers who died in police firing, gandhi said, when i asked the policemen under what law they were stopping me from entering the state, they told me there was no law but they were only carrying out orders.
after all, thats what the opposition is for, said sher singh, a 78-year-old farmer from kullewal village.
addressing a public meeting at the navsari agricultural university campus,modi said,the youths of gujarat had started the agitation for the separation of gujarat from maharashtra in ahmedabad which gujarats congress leaders did not like.
remembering may 1857 as the month in which indians displayed their strength against the british, and the youth and farmers stood up against injustices, as also for being the month and year in which savarkar was born, modi said, a wonderful account about savarkarji has been given by our dear honourable atal bihari vajpayeeji.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, ram said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
radha mohan singh (bjp), akash singh (rlsp)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari, has announced this to be his last election.
but you cannot forget the interests of other people of the country, rahul said during the roadshow, which is part of his 2,500-km kisan yatra in poll-bound uttar pradesh.
ranchi mp ram said that union agriculture minister radha mohan singh, chief minister raghubar das and other senior central leaders of the party were expected to attend the programme.
chief minister ram , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
in khandwa district, a 55-year old farmer jaipal singh consumed pesticide on friday.
v s park , director, drought monitoring cell, said that sowing activities would increase if there are sufficient rains across the state in september.
chief minister devendra fadnavis sanctioned rs 2.5 lakh for his medical treatment, but the farmer had already passed away at a private hospital in gadchirolis chandgaon village by then.
if all lakes are filled and the levels are maintained throughout the year, it would be a boon to fishermen, says park , a farmer.
puliyur nagar , a farmer from the tamil maanila congress who participated in the meeting, said.
ramanan ram , a senior research scholar at the princeton environment institute, said causes of air pollution in india were more easily correctable than in china, like the burning of paddy straw by northern indian farmers after they harvest it.
however, s r ram , president of sulur neervalam payanpaduthuvor sangam , a farmers association in the area, said they had been drawing water from the lake for the past three years with the due permission from the public works department officials.
when poor farmers of villages have started adopting digital payment, now they (middlemen) have started spreading new rumours, modi said.
on the allegations relating to the lynching of a dairy farmer in alwar in rajasthan and similar incidents, ram said law and order was a state subject.
speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, sushmaswaraj told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
on the first day in office as the chief minister, ram announced housing loan waiver for dalits and backward classes and introduced shaadi bhagya for minorities.
annapurna singh, new delhi, feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister narendramodi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol, diesel and other essential items while campaigning for delhi polls, but the agricultural produce market committee data from asias largest azadpur mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits, in fact, had risen close to 100 per cent.
priyanka gandhi in a statement on thursday said the agricultural land bought by her in in amipur village of faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband, his skylight hospitality or reality major dlf.
for farmers, prime minister modis 48 months have been much better than the congresss rule of 48 years, singh told reuters, referring to the main opposition party that dominated indian politics for most of the years since independence from british colonial rule in 1947.
purvi champaran (bihar)key contestants: radhamohansingh (bjp), akash singh (rlsp)main factors and issues: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh , who is serving his fifth term as an mp from purvi champaran, earlier known as motihari, has announced this to be his last election.
maharashtra chief minister prithvirajchavan today said that his comments on comparative figures of agriculture growth rates in the state and neighbouring gujarat were unfortunately mutilated.
consequently, fiis remains sellers in the market while active diis are keeping the overall environment positive, says vinod nair, head of research, geojit financial services ltd.brokers said investors turned cautious and preferred to lighten their positions, particularly in banking sector stocks following the waiver of farm loans by punjab.
karnataka chief minister h.d. kumaraswamy, his deputy g. parameshwara and chief secretary ratnaprabha (left) during a meeting with the farmers on the issue of loan waiver, in bangalore on wednesday.
amarinder, who was here to launch the farm debt waiver scheme, said that, i had ensured laying of link roads during my previous tenure till 2007.
s k jain , immediate past president of the mahratta chamber of commerce industries and agriculture (mccia), said it would be in indias favour if the uk remained with the eu.
unless we do that, farmers will not gain much needed confidence, said kishore tiwari of vidarbha jan andolan samiti (vjas), who was recently roped in by the state government to head a mission to reduce farm distress.
k babu , deputy station manager, tuggali railway station, says, out of 400 to 500 passengers who leave this station every day, 200 to 300 are farmers and coolies migrating for work.
annapurna singh, new delhi, feb 10, 2014, dhns: 1:00 istprime minister modi had claimed credit for lowering prices of petrol, diesel and other essential items while campaigning for delhi polls, but the agricultural produce market committee data from asias largest azadpur mandi showed prices of vegetables and fruits, in fact, had risen close to 100 per cent.
on wednesday robert vadras wife, priyanka gandhi had said in a statement that agricultural land bought by her in haryanas faridabad district or other property acquired by her had no links to finances of her husband, his skylight hospitality or reality major dlf.
however nagar said that he had voluntarily disclosed to the i-t team the full and factual details including the sale of an agricultural land for rs 1.
at the function, yogiadityanath said, the 86 lakh farmers of uttar pradesh, whose loans are being waived, should be asked to plant 10 saplings each in order to increase the number of trees.
this is not even counting the cost of the farmers land as capital investment, the cm says in the letter.
cabinet reshuffle put off due to drought, says cmbelagavi, apr 26, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istchief minister siddaramaiah said the proposed cabinet expansion and reshuffle has been postponed by a month due to the prevailing drought in the state.
number one was jobs, number two - corruption, (and) number three - farmers.
indian prime minister narendramodi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
urging people to shout his oft-repeated slogan against modi and raising farmers issue during the address, rahulgandhi claimed that the pm had duped farmers and looted people of india to give rs 30,000 crore to anil ambani.
it is because this sp government does not want to do justice to farmers, since it is hell bent on destroying the state, it is furthering favouritism and casteism and is interested in vote-bank politics, modi claimed.
speaking about the enormous hike in price of fertilisers, gandhi told the large number of farmers present in the rally that the bjp was always opposed to foreign direct investment for the interest of small traders in the country.
he was general secretary of district, and he always stood for the poor farmers and youth, yogiadityanath said.
trichy: prime minister narendra modi has not responded to a request seeking his appointment for an all-party delegation from tamil nadu to urge him to set up the cauvery management board, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami talking to reporters in the city on sunday, palaniswami said the pmo has not granted appointment for a delegation of all-party representatives and farmers even after a reminder of the request was sent.
congress did kursi-bhakti (power-worship) whereas we are engaged in krishi-bhakti (agriculture-worship), modi said at a farmers rally at limkheda,dahod district.
hitting out at the saffron party and pm modi, he said they have forgotten the promises made by them to the farming community after coming to power.
ejaz kaiser byexpress news serviceraipur: congress president rahulgandhi , in a scathing attack on the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government at the centre and in chhattisgarh, said the saffron party encourages a few industrialists but ignores the concerns of the poor, the farmers, the labourers and the youngsters.
, modi said while addressing a massive convention of farmers at devla village,about 65 km from rajkot.
rahul, during an interactive session with farmers in gannaur in haryana, said farmers in kutch were crying when they met him.
addressing a convention organised by the womens wing of kisan manch in lucknow, nitishkumar said people in bihar are very happy with the ban on liquor.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, siddaramaiah said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
the congress has planned a march on tuesday, the second day of the session, to protest against the governments inaction on farmer suicides, increasing agrarian distress and other issues.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
some farmers were taken into custody, said bathinda police station officer iqbal singh.
once again, i am saying that our government won't let anyone play with the lives of people, won't tolerate anarchy, and exploitation of the poor, businessmen and farmers, yogiadityanath said.
he announced that about 25,000 farmers would participate in the farmers' rally in delhi on september 20 that would be addressed by congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi besides by other leaders.
he also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community, siddaramaiah said.
modi said he assured wickremesinghe of india's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure, railways, energy, community development projects, agriculture, capacity building, science and technology, space and civil nuclear field.
new delhi: with newly formed congress governments in mp and chhattisgarh clearing farm loan waivers, party chief rahulgandhi said the opposition will not let pm narendra modi sleep at night till he announces agriculture loan amnesty nationally.
while deepakkumar (23), a farmer, said he cannot afford a solar lamp, kaushalya devi (70) showed her solar light, which barely illuminates a part of the small room.
the crisis faced by punjabi farmers was totally based on this circular issued by the congress government, modi said,adding that some people were trying to malign the image of the gujarat government by spreading canards that his government has adopted a discriminatory attitude towards sikh farmers from punjab,who are tilling land in kutch.
at a farmers rally in chhattisgarh on monday, gandhi had said that if congress comes to power at the centre, its government will guarantee a minimum income for every individual in the country.
one is healthcare and one is agriculture, arunjaitley said at a health conference organised by the cii.
ram ram , political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hisar, said hussains move may not necessarily translate into a win for the party in mewat, where muslims are in a majority.
targeting the samajwadi party-congress alliance, modi said that till a few months back the congress was taking out rallies across uttar pradesh and accusing the ruling samajwadi party of corruption and neglecting farmers, but the two have now embraced each other.
by ptirajnandgaon: if the congress was voted to power in chhattisgarh, it will write off farmers' debts within 10 days, party president rahulgandhi said friday.
this is what prime minister modi said here today while addressing a conference of agriculture ministers of states here.
talking of farmers, modi said the congress had no interest in doing good for farmers.
a.c. jain , the deputy director of agriculture (information), said a total of 32 officials of the department and farmers and visitors donated blood at the camp.
gandhi, while addressing the 'kisan rally' here, said: cbi director alok verma was removed at midnight.
nilekani also said that uid is working with the ministry of finance and the department of financial services on financial inclusion, with oil ministry on lpg subsidy reforms, with ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on fertilizer reforms, human resource development ministry on integration of aakash and department of telecom for providing aadhar as know your customer (kyc) for mobile connections.
while deepak (23), a farmer, said he cannot afford a solar lamp, kaushalya devi (70) showed her solar light, which barely illuminates a part of the small room.
later, at a party event at which former vice-chancellor of the university of agricultural sciences, dr r dwarkeenath, was feted, ram said he and modi were poles apart.
i want to ensure it is done scientifically benefiting maximum number of farmers.
beyond that as the central government, i have nothing to say, arunjaitley told reporters when asked if the centre will help states on the issue of farm loan waivers.
while laying thrust on progress of rural areas, with particular focus on farmers, women-folk and child care, modi said he wants to leave a legacy after his five-year tenure which would be talked about in terms of exceptional achievement in the years to come.
our government is committed for the security as well as the prosperity of all sections of society, pm modi said while enumerating several of the government schemes floated by the government over past five years for farmers, tribals, nomads etc.
modi said the budget has distinct focus on farmers, youth, poor, neo-middle class and the aam nagrik (common man).
2 billion dollars in grant since the first india-africa summit in 2008, modi said it is creating 100 capacity-building institutions, and developing infrastructure, public transport, clean energy, irrigation, agriculture and manufacturing capacity across africa.
also, many other parts of india face drought at some time or the other, says r ram , senior scientist, indian council for agriculture research.
replying to queries from the media on tuesday as to whether the governor had rejected the governments recommendation, chief minister ram in kolar said, i have not seen the letter sent by the governors office as i was in ballari to monitor drought relief work on monday.
)asked if he was not ruling out the possibility of a post-poll alliance with anyone if needed, akhileshyadav said: i still want to say that the farmers, women and the youth have supported the samajwadi party.
the cm later, in the lower house, asked them to participate in the proceedings and said the state was ready to discuss the issues.
(source: ani) mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
when siddaramaiah said his traditional occupation was agriculture, the enumerator entered the code 4 against the column following a prompt by his colleague.
to heal cracked heels, the onion is mashed and the paste is applied in a poultice to the heels, says deepak , a farmer.
challenging congress vice-president rahul gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses, ram said non-performing assets worth lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule.
agriculture minister ram , while pointing out that there was a lot of corruption in the administration across the country, said aadhaar would go a long way in curbing it.
12:34pm: gandhi said to be heading towards mandsaur on a kutcha route through villages12:24pm: administration and police flustered at gandhi move12:23pm: congress workers present in huge numbers at nimbaheda to greet and welcome rahul gandhi12:21pm: nimbaheda is about 12 kilometres ahead of neemuch, one of the many centres of violence12:20pm: congress using farmers protest as a photo-op, says venkaiah naidu, dismisses demands for mp cms resignation12:16pm: special protection group accompanying congress v-p confirms gandhi is trying to enter mandsaur district via nimbaheda.
kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
at almost every campaign rally in madhya pradesh, bjp leader shivrajsinghchouhan asks the audience if there are any beneficiaries of the congress governments farm loan waiver scheme and the crowd usually responds with a resounding no.
the trees lost over 100 tonnes of tender mangoes in the fruiting stage and considering that from fruiting to maturation stage the fruits would have developed at least 10 times, if not more, this is roughtly 1,500 tonnes of fruit fall, says ram , a farmer from srinivasapur.
, ajitpawar had said in an insensitive comment at indapur near pune on saturday that set off a controversy in the state reeling under severe drought.
interacting with the iit students, amarindersingh said he has directed the state administration to make their boarding and lodging arrangements at the punjab bhawan and kisan bhawan in chandigarh till the time institute is closed.
v ram , vice president, ici-south, said that after agriculture, construction sector was the second biggest industry in the country.
at least five farmers were killed and three others injured | ptibhopal: madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has announced a compensation of rs 1 crore each for the next of kin of five farmers who were killed during alleged police firing in mandsaur district.
cabinet reshuffle put off due to drought, says cmbelagavi, apr 26, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istchief minister ram said the proposed cabinet expansion and reshuffle has been postponed by a month due to the prevailing drought in the state.
ram ram , a political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hissar, said that caste plays a major role in elections in the region.
siddaramaiah said: the father and the sons shed more tears as the elections approach, claiming to sympathise with the farmers and the poor.
union agriculture minister sharad pawar on saturday said he would not oppose the creation of vidarbha out of maharashtra if a majority of the people in the state wanted it.
also read | gsp, trade tariffs 'already happened', time to move on, pm modi tells trumpin his opening remarks here, prime minister modi said that the trilateral meeting in osaka is a useful medium of discussion and coordination on major global issues.
also read | punish congress for treachery against farmers, honest taxpayers, says pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with lpg connections under the centre's ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months, modi said, adding, all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all.
more than rs 130 crore in cash and jewellery has been seized and approximately rs 2,000 crore of undisclosed income has been admitted by the taxpayers, it addedin a major assault on black money and terror funding, prime minister modi on november 8 announced demonetisation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes and asked holders of such currencies to deposit it in bank accounts by december end.
repatriation and comprehensive tax reform are important to the economy, apple inc ceo timcook said earlier this month on cnbc.
i also propose to increase excise duty on indian made foreign liquor by 4 per cent to raise additional revenue for meeting the budget expenditure, said mr kumaraswamy.
giving reasons for lowering the tax rates, finance minister arunjaitley had said the objective was to maintain equivalence to the existing taxation level.
presenting the state budget proposals, chief minister ram said the present system of excise duty on liquor is unable to capture the value addition that takes place in the retail sale of liquor in bars and clubs.
political obstructionism is being used to ensure it does not come on the agenda of parliament, arunjaitley said at the annual general meeting of industry chamber ficci adding that the select committee of the rajya sabha had approved raising the fdi cap in the insurance sector to 49  from the current 26 the fm said there were enough safeguards, and the constitutional system can deal with and effectively defeat this policy of political obstructions.
i have personally written to every chief minister saying that till such time that the gst stabilizes itself, we must not consider seriously imposing some of these taxes because they may increase the burden, the then finance minister arunjaitley had said while replying to a brief debate on the punjab municipal corporation law (extension to chandigarh) amendment bill 2017.
i also propose to increase the additional excise duty on beer from 135  to 150 , ram said.
in most consumer products, excise duty is applied on mrp (maximum retail price) less abatement of 30-35%," said pratik jain, leader, indirect tax, pwc.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
its like, no, no, i actually im paying for all of this, barackobama said as he contradicted the general impression that he lived on taxpayers money and had never had to use his wallet.
the finance minister raised the service tax rate to 12% from the existing 10% and also raised the excise duty to 12% from 10%.
last month, barackobama announced his intention to reinstate preferential treatment for myanmar under the generalised system of preferences (gsp) programme, a preferential tariff system.
naidu said besides gst, the government will push for passage of three bills replacing ordinances on combined entrance exam for medical and dental colleges as well as the one seeking amendments to the enemy property act.
i also propose to increase the additional excise duty on beer from 135  to 150 , siddaramaiah said.
the government and opposition parties were thursday locked in a bitter war of words with finance minister arun jaitley citing a spike in the number of taxpayers to staunchly defend demonetisation while congress president rahulgandhi said the note ban cost 1.
the department has focused on e-governance initiatives to meet the challenges of the rapidly changing economic environment and the expectations of the growing numbers of taxpayers, pranabmukherjee said in his address at the concluding ceremony here of the year-long celebrations commemorating 150 years of the income tax department.
in a letter to oil minister dharmendra pradhan, naidu said the centre had between november 2014 and january 2016 hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to take away gains arising from a slump in global oil prices.
speaking in the house on the last day of the second part of the budget session, modi said the retiring members would have felt much more satisfied if these two legislation  relating to goods and services tax (gst) and compensatory afforestation fund management and planning authority (campa)  had been passed by the rajya sabha during their tenure.
notebandi (demonetisation), prohibition and goods and services tax (gst) were very courageous steps, but many times i feel that prohibition was a more difficult decision than demonetisation, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said at de-addiction day celebrations in patna in the presence of nitish and prohibition, excise and registration minister bijendra prasad yadav.
(source: pti)continuing his protest against 1 per cent excise duty on non-silver jewellery introduced by the centre, chief minister arvindkejriwal said the bjp and the congress were no different.
in a letter to oil minister dharmendra pradhan, babu said the centre had between november 2014 and january 2016 hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel nine times to take away gains arising from a slump in global oil prices.
by ptinew delhi: hitting out at the opposition, prime minister modi on monday said nearly 8 crore fake beneficiaries were getting government aid during previous dispensations but opposition leaders have gathered now to abuse him as he has stopped their means of looting taxpayers' money.
it is a coincidence that i was the finance minister when value added tax (vat) was introduced and now when gst is going to be introduced, i hold the finance portfolio, ram said.
referring to disruptions in parliament due to which several bills, including the crucial gst legislation is stuck, modi said house is not allowed to function due to inferiority complex (of the opposition leadership).
tax advocate jain , who presented a paper on developing tax culture in india at the event, said the problems faced by taxpayers regarding assessments, rectifications and refunds needed to be addressed.
by ptine delhi: prime minister narendra modi-led government in its second term will implement more economic reforms, raise investment in the farm sector, provide collateral-free loans to entrepreneurs and further simplify gst to boost economic growth, president ram said on thursday.
the goods and services tax (gst)," said pollyanna de lima, economist at ihs markit and author of the report".
taking a strong exception to the cheap political gimmicks of the opposition, manoharlalkhattar said that the opposition earlier criticised me for not meeting the prime minister on the vital issues of the syl canal, gst and the issues of farmers.
