pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister narendramodi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
union urban development minister m.venkaiahnaidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
badal said that the state government was leaving no stone unturned to ensure that more and more such centres were opened in the state for the larger interest of the farmers adding that special thrust was being laid on promoting the cultivation of vegetables and citrus fruits through them.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said on sunday.
addressing local farmers, modi said that when he became the pm, sugarcane farmers were to be paid rs 14,000 crore.
according to reports, modi told pawar that fadnavis would take a call on loan waiver.
modi, who was replying to a debate on the motion of thanks to the president's address, said his government wanted to make changes in the land act passed during the upa tenure because all the chief ministers had said it was against farmers' interest and hampered development and infrastructure creation.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
on the farm sector loan, pranabmukherjee said, against the target of flow of rs 3,75,000 crore as agricultural credit in 2010-11, the achievement has been over rs 4,46,000 crore.
in a bid to counter patel who has been raising the issue of suicides by farmers,modi also announced to hold a series of farmer development conventions at all the 115 dam sites in the region before october 7,when the cm completes 11 years in office.
vardhan said, prime minister narendramodi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country.
the enhanced fund limit by nabard for district central cooperative banks will be passed on to the primary agricultural cooperative societies and they will get activated and will meet the crop loan requirement of the farmers for rabi season, said das.
making drought-proofing a priority area, arunjaitley said as many as 28.
we will take action against those who fired at the farmers, he said, inviting cheers from the crowd that had braved scorching heat for over four hours to hear him speak.
exhorting fish farmers in the presence of animal husbandry and fisheries minister awadhesh kumar singh, agriculture minister ramvichar rai, cooperatives minister alok kumar mehta and food and consumer protection minister madan sahni, to take a pledge to produce more fish to fulfil bihar's demand and also export to other states, nitishkumar said the blue revolution in fisheries sector was a part of his concept of rainbow revolution to improve the income of people, raise their standard of living and bolster the revenue of the state.
challenging congress vice-president rahul gandhi to come clean on loan waiver to big business houses, naidu said non-performing assets worth lakhs of crores of rupees were waived off during upa rule.
chandigarh: addressing a protest rally at chandigarh on tuesday, former punjab chief minister parkash singh badal advised farmers not to pay their debt stating that his successor captain amarinder singh had given them sworn affidavits stating he would pay their debts.
in his message, siddaramaiah said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, siddaramaiah said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
we are going to waive farm loans, gandhi told the media here asserting that his party would fulfil the promise of waving loans of farmers in all the three states within 10 days of coming to power.
he added that hed meet chairmen and senior officials of nationalised banks about farm loans in their banks to seek their feedback on loan waiver and frame guidelines accordingly.
by ptinew delhi: the bjp government is sincerely working to solve the problems faced by farmers, who were treated merely as vote bank by previous governments, prime minister modi said at the saffron party's national convention here saturday.
the first guarantee given by any government should be that it will not let farmers die, modi said.
mentioning the government programmes, modi said the crop insurance under the prime ministers fasal bima yojana has recorded a seven-fold jump in just one year of its launch.
bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister modi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
while claiming that total investments in agriculture sector would in his tenure of five years (2014-2019) would surpass the past records of 50 years, fadnavis said, rs 34,000 crore loan waiver to 89 lakh farmers would reach the truly deserving and genuine individuals.
during his political address at churu, modi said that under the scheme, 1 crore small farmers had received rs 2,000 each without any middleman transferred into their bank accounts.
in response to a question, amarindersingh said his government, which had inherited a bankrupt punjab, had made a good start with the farm loan waiver and employment generation schemes.
at a meeting held with top officials of national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), and the ministries of agriculture and finance, fadnavis said, crop loan (disbursements) should be raised to cover larger number of farmers with an attempt to lessen their dependence on private money lenders.
modi, who is trying to boost investment in industry that would create new jobs outside agriculture, said farmers should increase productivity so that they can prosper even as the average size of farms shrinks due to a growing population.
misuse of relief amountearlier in the day, speaking to reporters at the mysore airport at mandakalli in mysuru, siddaramaiah said on friday that there was no question of protecting any tainted persons over embezzlement of relief amount meant for farmers for land acquired from them.
assuring that his government was duty-bound to fulfill every promise made to the people in its election manifesto, amarindersingh said the state had approached the union government for the loan waiver.
besides taking a scientific approach to soil treatment and embarking upon a mammoth tree plantation drive, the cm said he has roped in experts from the agro-sector.
pm-kisan, which will involve a cost of rs 75,000 crore, will eventually enable farmers to increase their income, modi claimed, adding that there would be no place for any syndicate or middlemen as money would be transferred directly into farmers accounts.
(source: ani photo) rahulgandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
now as we have started the waiver despite odds against us we will continue providing assistance and will reach out to all 10.25 lakh small and marginal farmers out of total 17.50 farming families in punjab.
fadnavis on wednesday announced that the government would provide financial support of rs 1,500 per farmer up to two hectares for resowing if necessary.
bhopal: before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan today announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
i am going to waive off farmers loans, kumaraswamy told reporters in bengaluru after being sworn in as chief minister.
chief minister park on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, siddaramaiah said.
the ministers have been told to tour all talukas and find out whether the steps taken and government schemes being implemented were reaching the farmers and whether the villagers had any grievances to make, he said.
during this interaction, modi said he would be speaking to farmers on june 20 on developments and advancements in the agriculture sector.
siddaramaiah also said that the four cabinet sub committees on drought will tour the drought-hit areas to review relief works.
terming it as his scheme aimed at increasing productivity, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said the farmers will be paid rs 200 bonus on every quintal they sold to the government in the last rabi season.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister modi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
our mantra is to provide education to boys and girls, income for youth, irrigation facility to farmers and medicines to elders, modi said.
patna: india and china can benefit and learn more from exchange in the fields of education, tourism, industry, agriculture and infrastructure technology, chief minister nitishkumar on thursday said while welcoming a 12-member chinese delegation led by communist party of china secretary of gansu province lu hao.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
allocations for schemes in agriculture, rural development and infrastructure have been hiked, while electronic manufacturing and textiles have been specially marked for investment for job creation, modi said.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister narendramodi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
in his message, ram said the state hit by monsoon failure and drought will be blessed with a good north east monsoon that will raise the hopes for rabi crops.
after being conferred with the cauvery award at a programme organised at chandravana ashrama near here as part of navaratri celebrations, kirankumar said that the satellites are used for collecting information on weather, for use in agriculture, education, communication, television and other fields.
you just count for 10 days  our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, siddaramaiah said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
we have procured crops of rs 8,900 crore at the minimum support price (msp) and will disburse rs 80,000 crore worth interest-free crop loans to the farmer by the end of this year, which will be highest in the country, she said.
however, siddaramaiah earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister narendramodi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
neeraj jain,conveynor,lokayat,pune,said contract farming is paving way for the government to pull out of its traditional role and give way to corporatisation of agriculture.
on a trip to villages in his lambi assembly constituency last week, badal, while speaking on the amarinder singh govts debt waiver scheme during an interaction with the media, said he was willing to talk to top brass of the government for the sake of debt-ridden farmers.
heres a look:change in fiscal yearin his opening remarks, modi said that in a country like india where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
the sco has a rich agenda for cooperation, ranging from fighting terrorism, separatism and extremism to promoting cooperation in connectivity, commerce, customs, law, health and agriculture; protecting the environment and mitigating disaster risk, and fostering people-to-people relations, modi said in a pre-departure statement.
kishore tiwari, leader of farmers advocacy group vidarbha jan andolan samiti, said, hostile counselling alone will not work and distressed families should be assured of health, educational benefits, food security, special long-term loans for their daughters wedding.
kau vice-chancellor r babu said, the proposal to establish a caast for knowledge and skill development on coconut-based secondary agriculture has been approved by the icar.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister siddaramaiah has said.
(source: ani photo) rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
by ianspalamau: in an obvious attack on the congress, prime minister modi on saturday said that he preferred to complete the pending irrigation projects to empower farmers instead of waiving their loans.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, ram said.
the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party yesterday, prime minister narendramodi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, babu said, adding that rs 415.
(source: pti)despite the ongoing tension at the indo-pak border, the farmers in the states border-belt with pakistan would be allowed to harvest their produce at every cost, punjab chief minister park said on sunday.
uninterrupted power to farmers in two years: piyush goyalpatna, nov 15, 2014, (ians): 17:38 istthe narendra modi government will provide uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders to farmers across india in the next two years, union power minister piyushgoyal said saturday.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister ram said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
yesterday, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal had said that he would denotify the land acquired for the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal and return it to farmers.
stop bringing in farmers on the issue of black money, farmers money is white and there is no tax on their money, said arunjaitley in lok sabha during the discussion on the specified bank notes (cessation of liabilities) bill, 2017.
interacting with party workers during his visit to hassan, on sunday, dr harshvardhan said, the centre was pro-farmer and was concerned about chalking out plans for the overall development of the country.
raje said earlier farmers used to get insurance of rs 50,000 on death or permanent disability under raj sahakar personal insurance scheme, which now has been increased to rs 10 lakh.
modi said that these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government was a taking a number of steps to address them, said a press release from the prime ministers office.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on monday claimed that nearly rs 30,000 crore reached farmers bank accounts in the last one year.
fadnavis told the villagers, we are making effort to ensure the investment cost in the agriculture is reduced to minimise the financial losses incurred by the farmers.
the congress vice president said he will force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
niti aayog vice-chairman nagar niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman nagar today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
gandhi said his party had promised loan waiver for farmers during polls in punjab and karnataka and kept its word after coming to power in the two states.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, siddaramaiah said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
last updated: 11 december, 2011kolar/chikkaballapur, december 11, dhns: 23:53 iststrategy meet: in search of permanent solutions for water scarcity in districtssinking borewells would not be a permanent solutions for perennial water crisis in the districts of kolar and chikkaballapur, said dr ram , professor at the university of agriculture science, bangalore.
agriculture minister ram told toi that all officials had been instructed to prepare contingency plans to handle the eventuality of a monsoon failure.
gurdaspur: punjab chief minister captain amarinder has announced to give debt relief certificates worth rs 156.
to overcome the problem, modi has asked scientists to work closely with farmers to introduce high-yielding crop varieties.
modi said the new tunnel would not only help farmers in the region take their produce to the capital in less time and avoid weather disruptions, but would potentially double tourism in the state.
speaking to dh, farmer leader sunanda ram said, give us water, or give us compensation for crop loss.
playing the pro-poor and pro-farmers card, a plank bjp has assiduously tried to claim for some time, modi said the recent budget was all about them besides the middle class.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, naidu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
bikaner: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today said 'the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojna (pmksy)' will help deal with the menace of drought as more area will be covered under the irrigation scheme.
the bidding process and final bid price are prominently displayed to the farmers on a lcd screen in the auction floor, ram said.
however, ram earlier told representatives of various farmers organisations that the online system had been working effectively and helped lakhs of farmers get judicious price for their produce at apmcs.
chief minister yogiadityanath in a statement in the assembly on tuesday said that his government has decided to provide subsidy to potato farmers for transportation of their produce to other places for better prices.
new delhi, may 26, 2015, (pti): 18:21 istmaking a strong pitch for growth of farmers, prime minister modi today said the country cannot move forward without their progress and called for increase in crop productivity by 50 percent.
earlier, union home minister rajnathsingh told the gathering that the nda government had raised the amount of compensation to farmers who suffered due to vagaries of nature.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
in april this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the indian express that the government has put in several plans in place to reduce the farmer suicides and the efforts will take time to show results.
modi had said that as millions of people buy pepsi and coke the companies could put 5 per cent natural juice in their drinks and it would help farmers make a lot of money and not throw their fruits away.
meanwhile, siddaramaiah on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
when specifically asked as to what he found out after interacting with farmers, fadnavis said, when i spoke to farmers and villagers, they seemed satisfied with schemes being implemented by the government.
maharashtra bjp chief devendra fadnavis on sunday said the state would have a separate budget for agriculture to tackle the socio-economic problems of farmers, if the bjp-led alliance was voted to power.
in order to give them some relief, we have decided to buy 28,000 tonnes of potato per month directly from the farmers for mid-day meal scheme and anganwadi centres, mamatabanerjee said.
speaking at an interactive session with the members of merchants chamber of commerce and industry in kolkata on thursday, smritiirani said, nsc will supply these certified seeds to the jute farmers in the state through different central and state government agencies.
the fund was released based on recommendations were by a high-level team of officials from the centre which visited drought-hit areas recently, union agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters here.
during afghan president ashraf ghani's visit to india last week, prime minister modi announced allocation of usd 1 billion to afghanistan to meet requirements for capacity and capability building in spheres like education, health, agriculture, skill development, empowerment of women, energy, infrastructure and strengthening of democratic institutions.
bhopal: chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced major sops for farmers, including an export agency to help them sell their produce outside the country and bonus of rs 100 per quintal for gram, lentil and mustard in addition to msp .
chhapar (ludhiana): amid ongoing protests by farmers over meagre compensation for the cotton crop loss in malwa, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals announced rs 600-crore relief for the farming community here on monday.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, jaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo) chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers(file photo)in a move to quell the tension that arose after farmers protest turned violent on tuesday in madhya pradesh, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on wednesday said his administration is implementing every demand raised by the farmers.
recalling the contributions of the wadiyar kings, especially nalvadi, to all fields to make mysuru a welfare state, including education, agriculture, irrigation, and industries, siddaramaiah said, since he became chief minister, roads measuring a total of 1,000 km have been laid across the district at a cost of rs 1,580 crore.
modi also said that food processing, dairy, agriculture and the related areas, including their supply chain, have a lot of scope for cooperation.
modi said farmers should employ modern techniques like greenhouse farming,tent-house and polyhouse farming.
partys general secretary digvijaya singh asked: upa had waived loans of farmers worth rs 72,000 crore.
i live for the farmers, modi said as he appealed to the agriculture community to make ample use of the crop insurance scheme as it will help them during the time of crisis.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, siddaramaiah told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
amid the din, parliamentary affairs minister m naidu said the government was ready to discuss the farmer's suicide, which is a important, serious and urgent.
they are urging prosperous farmers to undertake hydroponic experiments and help bridge the gap in supply of fodder in their respective villages.
you just count for 10 days our government will come up with policy to waive farmer debt, said gandhi.
highlighting pradhan mantri kisan bima yojna, smritiirani said that the centre has approved kisan vihaan kendra in amethi and if the state government provide land it would be started soon.
in madhya pradesh, where five farmers were shot dead by police during a protest on june 6, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said purchasing farm produce at rates lower than the minimum support price (msp) will be treated as a crime.
karnataka milk federation (kmf) director, who looks into co-operative societies, dr babu said the societies started putting money directly to the farmers/producers account after demonetisation move.
earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
while pitching in for a deeper india-africa partnership on clean energy, sustainable habitats, public transport and climate resilient agriculture, modi said it is also true that the excess of few cannot become the burden of many.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisaurangabad: the maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched marathwada region free of drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
reiterating his governments commitment to the poor, farmer and women, modi said keeping his promise over 1500 villages had received electricity during the last two and a half years.
prime minister narendramodi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
skeptical about up farm loan waiveron the uttar pradesh government waiving farm loans, benefiting 86 lakh farmers, siddaramaiah said he does not know if the centre had chipped in.
earlier, mamatabanerjee had announced that land would be returned to farmers after the end of durga puja.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das told presspersons that the rs. 21,000 crore would enable these banks to sanction and disburse crop loans to farmers through the network of primary agricultural cooperative societies.
modi, who has set a target of doubling farmers income by 2022, said work was underway on reforming the agriculture market.
siddaramaiah said the centre has been asked to release rs 4,500 crore to state under national disaster relief fund as 139 taluks are reeling under drought.
when pointed out that government officials were allegedly not put in their might to stop the farmer suicide saga, fadnavis said all efforts are underway and things would soon change in marathwada.
cm warns of action against usurious lendersjuly 19, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:16 istmoneylenders pressuring farmers for high rates of interest and eventually driving them to suicide will be held responsible for their death, chief minister siddaramaiah said on saturday.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
according to a note being circulated by the department of economic affairs within the government, modi has asked the officials to seek aiib fund particularly for pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana (prime ministers agricultural irrigation scheme) or pmksy, rural housing programme and some projects in railway sector on priority.
it has not given funds for drinking water and fodder, which we had sought, ram said, adding that the state would spend any amount of money to meet the requirements of drinking water and fodder during drought.
punjab chief minister park (file photo)punjab chief minister park on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
in the first meeting of the cwc since the prime minister declared that land ordinance would not be repromulgated, gandhi said that due to congress' sustained campaign, the government has been compelled to withdraw its anti-farmer amendments.
modi also said the poorvanchal and bundelkhand expressways would transform the economy of the two regions as farmers and traders would get national and international connectivity.
there cannot be any justification to financial institutions turning down loans to farmers on the pretext of non-recovery or outstanding debt, fadnavis said.
protecting the interest of the farmers, their right to fair compensation, rehabilitation, resettlement and financial compensation has been refined, pranabmukherjee told the joint sitting of parliament on the opening day of the budget session.
talking about the governments objective of doubling the farmers income by 2022, modi said swaminathan had recently given him some suggestions on which he was working.
(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that micro-irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity.
4: prime minister manmohansingh today asked states to waive local taxes, including octroi, as well as reform the outdated agriculture produce marketing committee act, or mandi act, to help control a runaway food inflation.
crop sown not getting insurance is being taken up, ram said during zero hour, adding crop insurance coverage is being increased.
dcc president t p ram said the budget has announced welfare programmes for farmers, women and deprived class.
deputy commissioner babu said the assessment of the damages in the district is on and initiatives would be taken to benefit the farmers according to the governments direction.
speaking further, nitishkumar said that restoration of lakhandei to its old course was very important because its drying up and the river shifting and taking another course had led to a situation in which farmers were not getting water for irrigating their crops.
it's not possible to release tamil nadu's share as per the award as our (karnataka's) farmers very much need water during this four-month period, ram said in the assembly, briefing the members on the deliberations.
modi said up, tamil nadu maharashtra and other governments have submitted the list and their farmers are getting the benefits.
if theres no loan waiver after that, we should put up a fight to ensure kumaraswamy is stripped of power, he said.
the congress government, on the other hand, had waived over rs 70,000 crore in farm loans across the country, he added.
at the states annual kharif review meeting held on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture, water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture (and allied sector) growth from 12.
we have written to ipc bank to examine amount as shown in list of beneficiaries with loan amount they had actually borrowed and the revised list with actual figure of loan amount should be further sent to state government to square accounts of farmers agriculture loan, assistant commissioner (cooperative) babu said.
chief minister ram who was in a hurry to return to the state capital to chair an all party meeting, said the government decided to keep the festivities low key as the state is battling continuous droughts.
sugar minister h s ram said water resources minister m b patil would hold a meeting of sugar cane farmers and factory owners in bijapur on thursday to resolve local issues pertaining to payment of sugar cane dues.
prime minister modi , while addressing kisan morcha karyakartas of karnataka through modi (namo) app, said that a change in the government is needed to bring changes in the farmer's condition.
compensationsuresh ram said he would make all efforts to ensure that the farmers who had lost their land under the hemavathi scheme, will get compensation at the earliest.
his observation is in contrast with its alliance partner congress demand for a complete loan waiver.
chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given `3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
hyderabad: ma&ud minister kt ram said on saturday that people of andhra pradesh were so impressed with the farmer-friendly measures implemented by chief minister k chandrasekhar rao that the telangana rashtra samithi (trs) may branch out to ap.
farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
the decision has helped to get rid of exploitation of farmers by private money lenders, fadnavis said on sunday.
this would be complete with strong agro-industrial linkages to ensure assured dividends to small and marginal farmers in 14 suicide-prone districts, fadnavis said.
i am confident that this statue will become a centre to improve agriculture as well as the lives of local tribals here, modi said.
lawyer-turned-organic farmer and founder of the green path, h r ram said: the festival enables farmers to sell their produce directly to consumers.
later in the day, punjab chief minister park said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on sunday announced changes in the norms for spending annual grant of rs 1 crore to each mla for local area development (lad) to help projects like swachh bharat mission and farmers market, as per the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced loans for farmers and their wards under an entrepreneurship scheme, in his maiden talk show, dil se, akin to prime minsiter narendra modis monthly radio address, mann ki baat.
yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the government will announce a loan waiver before october 31 and about 1.
pm wants 50 pc farmers to join crop insurance scheme in 2 yrsnew delhi, jan 31, 2016, (pti) 14:22 isthighlighting benefits of the just- announced crop insurance scheme, prime minister modi today said awareness about it should be spread across the country so that at least 50 per cent of the farmers join it within two years.
meanwhile, in an effort to cool tempers, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced more sops for the farmers.
the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
during the deliberations, the chief minister informed the delegation, led by the chairman of punjab mandi board ajmer singh lakhowal, that the state government has already released funds worth rs 80 crore to ensure free crop loan of farmers upto rs 50000.
mumbai: after his controversial remarks on reservations ncp chief sharad pawar on tuesday demanded quotas for farmers to tackle the agrarian crisis and halt the sudden spurt in suicides.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday asked district officials in drought-hit parbhani district in the marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers.
from seed to market, give all facilities to the farmers, modi said.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors like oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
our government has brought the most comprehensive fasal bima yojana for the farmers, says modi.
sugar minister h s ram said none of the sugar factories across the country had cleared dues of farmers within 14 days of procurement of sugar cane.
let centre also waive farm loans, cm sayshubballi, oct 02, 2015, dhns: 0:35 ista day after the state government announced waiver of interest on farmers medium- and long-term loans borrowed from co-operative banks, chief minister ram asked bjp leaders to pressure the union government to waive farmers loans borrowed from the nationalised banks, or, at least the interest.
fadnavis said, the state has decided to include 25 lakh farmers in value chain for all major crops.
this would be in addition to the rs 25,000 crore promised by the state government to mobilise resources through agriculture tax to invest in the farm sector.
modi also said that soil health cards were given to 14 crore farmers in the country, including 1.
we have been told to launch a special drive to get those farmers who are in need to avail of the scheme.
in september 2014, modi had asked multinational cola giants pepsico and coca-cola to help indian farmers in increasing their fruit sales by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
modi said he needs the maximum help from people about spreading awareness regarding the pradhan mantri crop insurance scheme which was launched earlier this month.
flaunts states achievements across power,agricultural and other sectors,modi says this makes the model worthy of transplantation across the country.
addressing the convention organised by the bharatiya janata party at the angadi institute of technology and management, modi said farmers who are not able to cultivate lands due to dry spells during the sowing season would also get insurance cover.
finance minister arunjaitley said nabard provides refinance to approved financial institutions out of the nrc (long term operation) fund and nrc (stabilisation) fund for undertaking agricultural activities.
in his address at 'future india: science and technology at the science congress', modi said, today's new slogan is jai jawan, jai kisan, jai vigyan and jai anusandhan.
claim: mr modi claimed that the governments schemes will double farmers income by 2022.
in the run-up to the elections, his party had promised to effect a complete loan waiver within 24hours of coming to power.
if every farmer can grow a few trees, he adds to his income, while the country cuts down import, modi said.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
elaborating on his fate line comment, modi said the tunnel will greatly benefit the people of kashmir, particularly the farmers who would suffer losses because their produce like fruits and vegetables would perish due to prolonging of their journeys from the valley to other parts of the country.
now it is time to do a bit for the farmer who ensure food security of the country, badal, who was speaking in punjabi, said referring to the slogan 'jai jawan, jai kisan' given by late prime minister lal bahadur shastri, which modi too had echoed as a poll promise.
stating that agriculture remains a most potent sector to push up country's economy, modi said the farmers should be led towards modern amenities and his government's efforts to distribute soil health cards is a sincere attempt towards that endeavour.
we have to mount pressure on the government to ensure justice to farmers, babu told tdp lawmakers at a meeting at his residence.
rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje in the budget for 2018-19 announced a one-time loan waiver of up to rs 50,000 for small and marginal farmers along with a budgetary provision of rs 2,000 crore.
modi said the budget had focussed on womens empowerment, the housing sector and agriculture.
improved insurance coverage to crops is being ensured under the pm fasal bima yojna, naidu said, while pointing towards other initiatives such as soil health cards, organic farming, agri-markets, kisan suvidha and better minimum support prices.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
so far, an amount of rs. 999.67 crore had been disbursed as relief to about 2.02 lakh farmers, he added.
our pro-poor schemes such as cheaper foodgrain to poor people, free milk supply to students, interest-free loans to farmers and welfare schemes to other sections of society are benefiting the people across the state, siddaramaiah said.
inaugurating the first international agro-biodiversity congress here in the national capital, prime minister modi said it was high time that the stakeholders in the agriculture sector change the way they look at preserving the agro-biodiversity and its inhabitants.
because, if a farmer joins the scheme, he will get a huge help during a natural calamity, modi said.
assuring the farmers about the governments focus on agriculture, pranabmukherjee said: my government has taken various steps to transform the lives of our farmers.
making a statement in the assembly later in the day, siddaramaiah said: it is not possible to release tamil nadus share according to the final award as our farmers very much need water during this four-month period.
in a bid to tackle drought effectively, the maharashtra government has planned to link its water conservation projects with environmental preservation.
with regard to taxation of agriculture income, jaitley said centre does not have the power to impose tax on agriculture.
referring to isros feat, modi said scientists had brought laurels to the nation and felt that the launch will be of great help in mapping of resources, evaluating development and help farmers.
the additional tax for crop compensation, crop insurance and integrated watershed management was levied in october 2015 after severe agrarian crisis in several parts of the state.
we will form government in uttar pradesh, will waive loans of small farmers, modi said.
boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
speaking to reporters in bengaluru, ram said that rahul would visit the houses of farmers who ended their lives due to debt in mandya district on october 9.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president rahulgandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who described puttaiah as a model farmer, said, though the latter lacks education (he quit studies while in class eight), he has vast experience in agriculture.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
the state government has issued a clear target to the financial institutions to ensure allocation of agriculture loans and credit disbursement is also enhanced to arrest the dependence of over 70 per cent of the farming community on private money lenders.
on farm loans, cm devendra fadnavis said the centre was positive about institutionalising the credit system and the state will bear its share.
it will also help farmers earn more, modi said.
at the core of all my governments policies is the welfare of the garib, dalit, pidit, shoshit, vanchit, kisan, shramik and yuva, pranabmukherjee said in his address.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister narendramodi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
district president of bhartiya kisan union (bku), digambar singh, said, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced that 18 hours of power will be supplied in rural area and 24 hours in district headquarters.
reiterating his commitment to waive farm loans, chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys on sunday said that he will not hesitate to resign in case he is unable to do so.
yogi yogiadityanath (source: file photo) yogiadityanath (source: file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that exploitation of farmers will not be tolerated, and officials, who ignore their interests, will not be spared.
we are fully committed to double the income of farmers by 2022, says pm modi modi.
gandhi said the agriculture loans of farmers in madhya pradesh, including the kin of former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, have been waived by the congress government in the state.
chief minister prithvirajchavan said talks were on with the karnataka government to get water from the almatti dam to tackle the worsening drought situation in the state.
capt amarindersingh , who met congress president rahul gandhi earlier in the day, said prime minister narendra modis allegations on the punjab governments loan waiver scheme were completely incorrect.
faridkot sub-divisional magistrate (sdm) gurjit singh said the government has issued guidelines to make people aware that loan of the remaining farmers will be waived off in the next phase.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president rahulgandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
pti photothe odisha govenrment will explore the proposal to waive agricultural loans of farmers in the state, chief minister naveenpatnaik said on wednesday.
the committee that will be set up to monitor its implementation will have farmer representatives and ministers.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
on charges of ap copying telangana schemes, babu said andhra pradesh achieved 11  growth in agriculture and allied sectors in the last four years whereas the overall growth of telangana stands at 0.
but prime minister modi told a rally of farmers at sehore, about 40km west of capital bhopal, his governments farmer-friendly insurance is criticism-proof.
raje said in this scheme, after waiving off interest and penalty on overdue loan till september 30, 2017, of small and marginal farmers, loan up to rs 50,000 have been waived off from the remaining loan.
reminding the gathering that the upa government had waived farmers loans worth around rs 70,000 crore, rahul said that congress leaders including him, the then prime minister manmohan singh as well as party president sonia gandhi had held a big rally to inform the public about loan waivers.
mumbai: cm devendrafadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
he also fought for the unification of the state and worked for the welfare of the farming community, ram said.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, babu said, trying to allay their fears.
we are ready to render all possible support to our farmers, babu said.
the lake is being renovated at a cost of rs 17 crore and on completion, about 23,000 acre of land would get irrigation facilities, manoharlalkhattar said.
(source: ani photo) rajnathsingh on thursday said the centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers and the common man.
on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm narendramodi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
prime minister narendramodi on april 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains.
once we are voted to power again all farmers would be covered under financial assistance scheme instead of present coverage to farmers having land holdings up to five acres, modi said.
press trust of india, dharwad, may 28 2017, 0:17 istthe future of agriculture in india depends on reclaiming 147 million hectares of land which has been degraded for various reasons, a s kirankumar , the chairman of indian space research organisation (isro), has said.
chief minister siddaramaiah announced cloud seeding, in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts.
rahul gandhi in congress president gandhi addresses an election campaign rally for lok sabha polls, in samastipur, (pti)congress president gandhi on tuesday said no farmer in the country will be jailed for not repaying loans if his party comes to power at the centre.
prime minister narendramodi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years.
works under the jalyukt shivar-aimed at a drought proof maharashtra would have to be completed in these districts before june 15.
making a strong outreach to the crisis-ridden farming community, modi said the kisan channel is aimed at helping drive farm income by supplying key information, such as weather, market and demand.
the makers of our constitution laid such strong foundation of indian democracy that today people holding constitutional posts are those who represent poor and marginalised and do not come from rich background, said modi , referring to naidu who is a farmers son.
during his poll campaign, prime minister narendramodi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
finance minister arunjaitley (file photo) finance minister arunjaitley (file photo)finance minister arunjaitley on wednesday said the government does not plan to impose any tax on agricultural income, dismissing the suggestion of niti aayog member bibek debroy.
kumaraswamy also said he would call a meeting of representatives of nationalised banks in 2-3 days and seek information about farm loans extended by them.
rahul will visit kin of peasants who ended lives: siddaramaiahbengaluru, july 25, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi will soon visit karnataka again for two days to meet some of the family members of farmers who committed suicide recently, chief minister siddaramaiah said on friday.
naidu also said that all the farm and gold loans taken by farmers will be waived by the government by january 22.
prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
in his closing remarks at the meet, modi also said that corporate investment in agriculture is very low in india and urged the state governments to formulate policies to promote industry participation in the farm sector.
chief minister devendra fadnavis said the decision was historic as the farmers who could not benefit from the loan waiver given by the previous government in 2008-09 have been incorporated in the waiver announced by the present government.
on friday, as he got up to welcome m venkaiah naidu as rajya sabha chairman, pm modi said that it is a reflection of the strength of our constitution and the maturity of our democracy that all top constitutional positions today are occupied by the poor and sons of farmers or commoners.
chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals may have announced that families of suicide victims will be given rs 3 lakh in compensation `50,000 in cash and the remaining to be deposited in the familys account.
speaking to reporters after the congress legislature party meeting on friday morning, kpcc president g ram , who is yet to be relieved as home minister, said that all cases registered against farmers during protests, whether it was cauvery riots, mahadayi waters issue or protests by sugarcane growers seeking payment of their dues, would be withdrawn.
the success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern india and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality, said modi.
modi said on ambedkar jayanti on april 14 he would launch national agriculture market e-platform for farmers enabling them to know market price of their produce through mobile phones.
these can be converted into opportunities if you (farmers) help me and states implement the various schemes properly, modi said.
addressing a rally in february, modi said farmers are his top priority and explained that  top means tomato, onion and potato.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
action will be taken as per law, against all those (mills) not abiding by the law, ram told reporters here in response to a question that a few mill owners - who are ministers in his cabinet - are allegedly not abiding by rules about payment of dues to sugarcane farmers.
during his africa visit, there were discussions on encouraging engagement, especially in the areas of agriculture, health, pharmaceuticals, ict, minerals and mining, diamond trading, railways and infrastructure and logistics, naidu said.
this has gone a long way in tackling the agrarian crisis.
prime minster narendramodi has said that the government was taking steps to double farmers income by 2022, and let me say that if we fail to do so then you can kick the bjp out of power, he added.
the ruling bjp does seem to have realized that climate change and droughts are a growing concern, and prime minister narendramodi announced a separate ministry for water called jal shakti.
prime minister modi has said that steps will be taken to double the incomes of farmers in five years.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
it is for agro product value addition, modi said after laying the foundation stone of an agriculture research institute in northern assams gogamukh.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister narachandrababunaidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
speaking on use of technology in agriculture, ram said, karnataka is in the forefront.
purnendu bera of nandigrams gokulnagar village said: on the very first day after taking oath as chief minister, mamatabanerjee had announced that the land taken from unwilling farmers in singur would be returned.
guwahati: prime minister modi on friday announced a food processing scheme, sampada to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers income.
people from far and wide will land here to study agriculture adding to the prosperity and urbanisation of the region, nitishkumar said.
cong won't allow govt to take land of farmers easily: rahulanantapur (ap), july 24, 2015, pti: 12:58 isthitting out at the nda government over the contentious land bill, congress vice president gandhi today said he would not let prime minister narendra modi take farmers' land easily.
to ensure farmers get credit at lower rate, the chief minister said that the government should raise the subsidy from 2 per cent to 3 per cent on crop loans for cooperatives.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, said modi at a joint press conference with kenyatta.
fadnavis said the immediate concern is to provide relief to farmers.
kishore tiwari, activist who heads the commission for farmers in distressed districts, said, the biggest relief to farmers during the drought is assured food and health care.
fadnavis also said increasing investment in agriculture, making farmers capable and ensuring that a majority of farmers opt for crop insurance would be the best way to tackle situations such as drought.
speaking at the opening ceremony for the ninth edition of the hugely-popular league, shukla said, the ipl and bcci are committed to the welfare of the farmers.
naidu announces schedule for massive loan waiver initiativehyderabad, dec 4, 2014, (pti) 19:39 istseeking to fulfill a key election promise, andhra pradesh chief minister n naidu today announced to waive off farm loan of up to rs 1.
by 2022 when the country would be celebrating the 75th year of its independence, the income of an indian farmer should be more than two times what he is earning now, modi said while addressing a farmers rally in bargarh town in odisha.
chief minister ram announced cloud seeding, in the backdrop of five consecutive droughts.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said that the nation cannot be prosperous unless the farmers of the country earn more.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs one lakh costing the exchequer to the tune of rs 36,000 crore.
siddaramaiah also said that the prime minister promised him to study the proposal on granting fund and take immediate steps to release rs 723 crore for disbursal among farmers who have suffered crop loss during the rabi season.
speaking on use of technology in agriculture, siddaramaiah said, karnataka is in the forefront.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, ram said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
water and power are two things we are committed to provide to farmers to make them self-reliant.
(file photo)union agriculture minister radhamohansingh said in lok sabha thursday that he would be happy if the new bjp government in uttar pradesh waived farm loans as promised by the party before the assembly elections.
now, with the government extending its loan waiver scheme to all debt-ridden farmers who had taken loans between 2001 and 2016, around 60 to 67 lakh farmers are set to benefit.
but for realising the slogan of 'jai jawan, jai kisan', the plight of farmers should also be addressed, badal said.
on the occasion, chief minister nitishkumar had said: no farmer would be allowed to remain dissatisfied.
emphasising the significance of the cooperative sector in development, chief minister devendra fadnavis said how the demonestisation drive was a leap forward to fix corruption and deliver results and dividends to hardworking farmers across rural maharashtra.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who has been holding khat sabhas (cot meetings) with the farmers in the state, said on wednesday that his party will launch an agitation to force the centre to waive loans of the farmers.
mansa, punjab: launching the much-awaited controversial loan waiver scheme for farmers, punjab chief minister amarinder singh on sunday said his government would also waive loans of farm labourers.
during his poll campaign, prime minister modi had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
referring to two young entrepreneurs working in sikkim on an agriculture start-up, pm modi said, it is a great way of linking agriculture to the start-up india campaign.
for the farmers welfare, modi said that the centre has framed many model acts and urged the states to implement them.
when i talk of development, i want to put emphasis on six things, modi said, adding that this six-point programme will ensure irrigation facilities to farmers and power connection to villages and industries.
prime minister modi had announced the pm crop insurance scheme, the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, in 2015.
agriculture patna: deputy chief minister modi said the centre should extend its full economic co-operation to the state to achieve the goal of a second green revolution.
launching pradhan mantri kisan maan dhan yojana, prime minister modi said that every farmer will get rs 3,000 per month after attaining the age of 60 and the scheme will ensure benefit to over 5 crore small and marginal farmers across the country.
congratulating finance minister arun jaitley and his team, modi said farmers, dalits and tribal communities will gain from the budget.
after assuming power, chief minister yogiadityanath had announced loan waivers of up to rs 1 lakh relating to small and marginal farmers.
(source: ap)prime minister modi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
indian prime minister modi announced a 0 million line of credit to kenya for agricultural mechanisation.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, ram said.
new delhi, june 11: prime minister narendramodi today said improving agriculture productivity through modern farm techniques and university-farmer collaboration held the key to check price rise.
after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
b'prime minister manmohansingh today said the government will focus on modernising the agricultural marketing system and brining in private players to this sector in the 12th five year plan beginning 2012.
budget is close to dreams of people: pmnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 19:05 istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people, prime minister narendramodi today said its biggest focus is on villages, poor people, farmers, women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes.
taking to twitter, gandhi said he will make every effort to secure the future of the farmers.
sena chief uddhav thackeray told his legislators to continue to press for the demand, and not let the house function till such a time that the state government, of which it is a component, gives in to it and announces a loan waiver.
as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
fadnavis said, the allocation of rs 25,000 crore for agriculture is a big leap forward.
to boost bamboo cultivation and sustainable supply, the forest development corporation of maharashtra (fdcm) is also planning to take up tissue culture bamboo plantation on turnkey or sharing basis with private partners for supplying biomass of bamboo for industrial uses like production of ethanol, bio cng etcwe are even ready to help as service providers to interested farmers and parties with minimum 25 acres of commercial plantation project, said n ram , managing director of fdcm.
but, modi said he wants farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by 30-40 per cent to save the mother earth from degradation.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver  the biggest such write-off in the states history.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
chandigarh: punjab will disburse rs 209 crore as debt relief to 38,000 marginal farmers who are members of cooperative societies in the state in 10 days, said chief minister amarinder here on wednesday.
modi said the budget has a distinct focus on farmers, youth, poor and neo-middle class and delivers on growth, equity and job creation.
congress spokesperson sachin sawant said that modi , speaking in the temple town of shirdi on october 19, said that 16,000 villages in maharashtra have become drought-free thanks to the jalyukt shivar scheme.
defence food lab should work for farmers'mysuru, may 8, 2016, dhns: 23:57 istunion defence minister manoharparrikar on sunday said he has directed the defence food research laboratory (dfrl) authorities to utilise their technical skills for the benefit of local farmers and producers to increase their economic status.
we sell around 5,000 roses a month, says ram , a farmer.
at a meeting in nilanga village, where the cm addressed officials, ministers and local politicians, fadnavis said the government was banking heavily on jalyukt shivar yojana as it will ensure that every farmer in a village gets enough water to cultivate crop and villagers get sufficient stock of water.
chief minister devendra fadnavis on friday said an integrated scheme to ensure economic sustenance for small and marginal farmers was being worked out to put an end to farmer suicides in maharashtra.
whatever legal action would be taken against the offending company would take its own course but we feel the farmers should not lose out in the meantime, mamatabanerjee said.
we may not be in power at the centre or in the state, but we will launch an agitation to force the government to concede to our demand of waiving farmers loans, rahul said, while addressing farmers in kushinagar and gorakhpur districts.
niti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariyaniti aayog vice-chairman arvindpanagariya today said there is a need to formulate proper policies to ensure farmers get better prices for produce and asserted that there is no question of taxing their income.
about the steps taken by government to protect farmers like setting up of enforcement cells at district level to keep a check on private money lenders and repayment of dues to sugarcane farmers, ram said government is planning to constitute an expert committee.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, ram said.
modi said rs 603 crore would be made available with karnataka in 2016-17 for water conservation and drought proofing under various central government schemes.
bjp in its lok kalyan sankalp patra (manifesto) had promised to waive loans of small and marginal farmers, and prime minister narendramodi had said in his election speeches that writing off the farmers loans would be among the foremost tasks of the partys government.
(source: pti photo) the animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that this is the only effect of the notification.
(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister narendramodi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
on sunday, state secretary modi announced that the cadres will fan out to build houses for the homeless, become part of palliative care initiatives, do organic agriculture, clean rivers and ponds, work to raise the standards of government schools and the quality of public hospitals and so on.
addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
over and above msp, we have decided to give a bonus of rs 425 per quintal for pulses and rs 100-200 per quintal for oilseeds, agriculture minister radhamohansingh told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
these interest-free loans were extended by banks to sugar mills as additional working capital specifically for clearance of cane price arrears of previous seasons and timely settlement of cane price to farmers for that years sugar season.
likewise, badal said that the announcement on embarking kisan yatra, a special travel scheme to help farmers to learn about new farming and marketing techniques, would also go a long way in bailing out the farmers from current agrarian crisis.
laying stress on setting up more ultra-modern centers of excellence for undertaking research and design (r&d) to promote agriculture diversification in the state, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on tuesday said that these were the 'temples of second green revolution' which were required for bailing out the farmers from the current agrarian crisis.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
he said it is because he is in a coalition government, but he wouldn't go back on his promise of completely waiving all the loans, said kodihalli chandrashekhar, the chief of krrs, a farmers' body.
the injustice done to the farmers will be revealed by the investigation, manoharlalkhattar said during the ongoing budget session of the vidhan sabha.
fadnavis, who himself toured a few villages and interacted with farmers, told the indian express that the government has gone all out to initiate a slew of measures to alleviate the miseries of the villagers and farmers in eight districts of marathwada.
on tuesday, gandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the narendra modi government waives farm loans across the country.
on tuesday, rahulgandhi had said the opposition will not rest till the narendra modi government waives farm loans across the country.
besides seeking immediate decision on creating vidarbha state, we are demanding waiver of farm loans, accountability for the wrong monetary policies and charging of heavy fees for every banking operation, said ram of vras.
addressing the agitators, congress chief rahulgandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
patna, march 4: chief minister nitishkumar today said a cabinet committee would be formed to ensure proper monitoring of agricultural roadmap in the state.
deputy commissioner n ram told reporters on thursday that government had released rs 52 crore for the district to provide compensation for the farmers in gokak, raibag, athani and ramdurg taluks who had suffered losses due to the hailstorms.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: deputy chief minister modi on saturday announced that a bamboo policy will be made for the state and the government will send farmers, artisans and entrepreneurs to north-eastern states for training in bamboo cultivation as well as industries.
a.c. jain , the nodal officer, it department of agriculture, said: altogether, 82 district agriculture officers, joint directors, deputy directors and junior plant protection officers would benefit under the scheme.
on the cooperative departments appeal to the government to expedite the loan waiver, amarindersingh said the commission set up by his government to ascertain the quantum of farm loans in the state and to work out the modalities for their waiver would soon come out with its recommendations in thematter.
these are being worked out to make agriculture a sustainable sector, he said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a slew of schemes aimed to benefit farmers.
i have said time and again i am ready to accept any suggestion that is in farmers' interest, said modi.
we have decided to purchase the required quantity directly from the farmers, state chief minister mamatabanerjee said on tuesday.
(mea twitter) during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
siddaramaiah said he has already instructed the district in-charge ministers and legislators to visit the farmers' families.
modi said numerous measures and schemes have been initiated from making school toilets to setting up iits, iims and aiims, from providing vaccination cover to children to initiating a people-driven swacch bharat mission, from ensuring a minimum pension to labourers to providing social security to the common man, from enhancing support to farmers hit by natural calamities to defending their interests at wto.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister modi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
the controversy comes just days after uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced rs 36,350-crore farm loan waiver and punjab cm capt amarinder singh set up an expert group to assess the agriculture debt and suggest ways for its waiver to help farmers.
praising madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, prime minister modi said, cm @chouhanshivraj, who has revolutionised agriculture sector in mp, will share a presentation on the roadmap to double income of farmers.
chief minister ram , while replying to a debate on the issue in the assembly, said the arecanut farmers need not panic following the ban.
ahead of the assembly elections due next month, chief minister manoharlalkhattar on monday announced waiving interest and penalty on crop loans of farmers from cooperative banks  to the tune of rs 4,750 crore  under the one-time settlement scheme.
describing the channel as an open university, modi said: kisan tv channel is a channel where both the teacher and the student are farmers.
1: chief minister mamatabanerjee today said farmers in singur would get back their land within 12 weeks as ordered by the supreme court and added that the plots that would be handed back would be cultivable.
chief minister siddaramaiah said, we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of karnataka.
farmers should have confidence as the government is with them, siddaramaiah said.
prime minister modi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
those opposing the bill want three conditions incorporated in it no forcible acquisition of land from farmers, mandatory social impact assessment and clarity on industrial corridor.
salem: as part of the measures being taken to improve agriculture, a special scheme for development of rainfed agriculture has been conceived, said chief minister edappadik.palaniswami at a mega government scheme distribution function in salem on tuesday.
after inspecting the rain-hit areas, animal husbandry minister radhakrishnan said the department officials were instructed to provide enough fodder to the cattle and also conduct a survey on the death toll to assist the cattle farmers.
i have launched an initiative to double farmers' incomes by 2022, said pm modi.
chandigarh: haryana cm manoharlalkhattar on friday announced that compensation of rs 12,000 per acre would be given to those farmers whose crop has been damaged due to water logging and said that it has also been decided to give compensation of rs 6000 per acre to those farmers who were unable to sow their crop due to the water logging.
elaborating on the ownership of the farmers, ram said, starting from a princely rule and followed by elected governments, the farmers have been granted both revenue and forest documents related to land holdings for tilling the same.
(source: pti photo/file)the state government will distribute land parchas  documents establishing the ownership of pieces of land in revenue records  among unwilling farmers at singur in hooghly on september 14, chief minister mamatabanerjee said on monday.
asserting that the interests of farmers will be protected, ajitpawar , who also holds finance portfolio, said, the state government will do nothing that will adversely affect farmers in maharashtra.
amarinder also announced upgradation of cooperative sugar mill at paniar in gurdaspur district for making it economically viable.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, ram said.
share this article related article centre, state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis , state have allocated rs 51,000 crore for irrigation projects, says devendrafadnavis states vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmersstates vision document 2030 lays stress on solar power for farmers maharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavismaharashtra to revive 5 rivers to ensure perennial water flow: cm fadnavis devendrafadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumpsdevendra fadnavis prescribes drip irrigation for sugarcane, solar-powered pumps maharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energymaharashtra govt plans to make agriculture sector run on solar energy maharashtra will require rs 1 lakh crore for irrigation projects : cm fadnavishe added, the agrarian crisis in a state reeling under drought can be effectively tackled only through making the farmers self reliant with water and power.
whether it is the ration of the poor of the country, and of poor farmers, or deals relating to defence of the country, whoever has taken commission, their numbers are coming down one after other, modi said.
it is important to empower poor farmers with information and communication technology to increase farm productivity and protect their livelihoods, siddaramaiah said.
our endeavour is to lead the revival of coconut farming and provide support to farmers with scientific protocols for value addition and processing, babu said.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister ram on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
sharing india's experiences in meeting common challenges such as uplifting farmers and the poor, financial access and building infrastructure, modi said paying subsidies directly had helped his government save over $4 billion dollars in cooking gas.
(file photo)making yet another pro-farmer announcement in election year, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday said a board on the lines of apeda (agricultural and processed food products export development authority) will be set up in madhya pradesh to help farmers export and get remunerative price for their produce.
fee waiver for farmers' kids in drought-hit areasdharwad, sep 22, 2013, dhns: 13:44 istchief minister ram on sunday announced that the state government would bear the educational fees of children of farmers of drought-affected areas in the state.
speaking on the occasion, ashok chavan said the congress will fight for the farmers and push ahead with its demand to waive their crop loan.
soil samples collected from different lands and test reports would be made available to farmers that would guide them for taking remedial measures to change crop pattern, fertilsiers and other measures, modi said and called young innovators to invent systems that would help the farmers test soil on their land.
in modis home state of gujarat  a state with one of the highest rain deficits in the largely normal monsoon of 2016, as indiaspend reported in october 2016  a fourth of farmers have benefitted from the flagship crop-insurance scheme, not 60-70  as modi claimed.
when he had taken over the reins, the dues of sugarcane farmers ran up to rs 14000 crore, which had come down to about rs 700-800 crore now due to measures taken by his government, modi said and warned the sugar mill owners against treating the farmers the way they did in the past.
chief minister yogiadityanath on saturday announced an ex gratia of rs 4 lakh to families of the deceased and directed district magistrates to assess crop damage and identify farmers eligible for financial aid.
apmc secretary ram said that online trading will ensure that farmers are not cheated.
smriti irani: watchful calcutta, april 14: union textiles minister smritiirani has asked the jute corporation of india and the national jute board to help increase the supply of certified jute seeds at a cheaper price to farmers in consultation with the national seeds corporation.
chairing a district-level drought review meeting here on tuesday, ram asked the officials to work on a war footing to ensure proper drinking water supply, availability of fodder, increased number of man days under mgnreg scheme and proper healthcare in affected areas.
i have also launched an initiative to double farmers incomes by 2022, modi said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
questioning the centres intent to rescue the beleaguered farmers, amarinder asked, if a bankrupt state like punjab could do its bit for a loan waiver, why could the centre not come up with a waiver scheme?
mumbai: the state has decided to stay recovery of power bills run up by farmers given their current hardships, chief minister devendra fadnavis told the assembly on thursday.
pointing out that karnataka was witnessing one of its worst droughts in the last 46 years, siddaramaiah said the state government had sought rs 4,702 crore from the centre for drought relief works.
modi announces 50 pc increase in compensation for distressed farmersnew delhi, april 09, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istin a reprieve to farmers whose crops have been hit by recent unseasonal rain, prime minister modi on wednesday announced a 50 per cent increase in compensation and also eased criterion for providing financial relief.
(pti photo)calling for a relook at the proposal to link rivers in the country, prime minister modi on saturday said that if water management is given importance, there would be no farmer suicides.
chief minister parkashsinghbadal on sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of indiabulls,and they can start tilling their land.
responding to a starred question by congress mlc h m revanna in the legislative council, ram said that around 2,000 farmers had applied for subsidies for installing shade nets and polyhouses in their field.
the deputy cm said the issue of farm loans had been tackled holistically by coming out with the settlement of indebtedness bill besides ensuring that farmers were not charged excessive interest.
the state government needs to design farmer-friendly policies, he said.
justifying free power to farmers,deputy chief minister sukhbirsinghbadal said that most of the states do it to provide support to farmers.
continuing his drive to directly connect with the beneficiaries of his governments pet schemes, prime minister narendramodi today said he will on june 20 speak to farmers on issues concerning them and the agriculture sector.
b'five days after a congress delegation led by aicc general secretary rahul gandhi met the prime minister demanding loan waiver for weavers,union finance minister pranabmukherjee announced a rs 3,000 crore allocation for the weavers cooperative societies on monday.
modi said after the poll results on march 11 bjp would celebrate vijayi holi and then after forming the government in the first cabinet meet it would waive off the loans of the farmers.
uttar pradesh, telangana and andhra pradesh have announced loan waivers on their own and maharashtra will have to follow the same, naidu told reporters.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan of the bjp also announced several measures, including bonus above the minimum support price to ensure farmers get fair prices for their produce.
flanked by punjab pradesh congress committee president and mp sunil jakhar and local bodies minister navjot singh sidhu, amarindersingh said the process of farm loan waiver would begin after the elections and distribution of smart phones would also begin soon.
no incentive for sugarcane farmers, says cmmandya: oct 18, 2014, dhns: 23:22 istchief minister siddaramaiah said, no incentive will be paid to sugarcane farmers like last year as a committee has been formed to fix price for the produce.
responding to a question from s r vishwanath (bjp), siddaramaiah said farmers, from whom 1,810 acres had been acquired for the project, would be given an option of either financial compensation or sites.
modi said the scheme has been brought into effect after rectifying shortcomings in the earlier version and appealed to farmers to avail of its benefits.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh on saturday said he is committed to farm loan waiver and his government would soon find ways and means to bail out the debt-ridden farmers-- with or without the centres aid.
the move was aimed at saving groundwater while ensuring that farmers also get an incentive in the form of cash for their personal use, he said.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath announced waiver of rs 36,000 crore farmers loan as the state has other sources of income and generous support by the union government.
the government should give rs 5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
addressing the states during niti aayog governing council meeting on april 23, modi had said, in a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
urging the farmers to partner with the state in generation of power, modi said, farmers can install solar panels on their farm borders.
modi said that his governments journey toward developing india is built on investments in infrastructure, agriculture, manufacturing and services.
the developments came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before october 31, which will benefit 1.
pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable, siddaramaiah claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states.
by express news servicebhubaneswar: urging people to vote for bjp and oust the bjd government to ensure speedy development of the state, union home minister rajnathsingh on friday announced that all farmers will be provided interest free loan of rs 1 lakh for five years if the saffron party comes to power in odisha.
fadnavis announced three-pronged strategy to provide compensation to the farmers families through insurance and even approached the centre for national disaster response fund (ndrf).
however, keeping the drought in view, ram has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister modi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but siddaramaiah may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
union home minister rajnathsingh on friday said the nda government was working hard to improve the condition of farmers, claiming it was the first government ever to have resolved to double farm incomes by 2022.
on the first day in office as the chief minister, siddaramaiah announced housing loan waiver for dalits and backward classes and introduced shaadi bhagya for minorities.
(file)chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
prime minister narendramodi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
pm modi said he believes the only way to provide relief to distressed farmers is through a successful and effective crop insurance scheme.
modi said that several measures have been taken for the farmers and poor and counted that the poor are getting better treatment under the aayushman bharat scheme and getting medicines at cheap rates.
on pusa 16, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
it opens new avenues for cooperation, including in areas like agriculture and healthcare, modi said in a joint press interaction with sirisena.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, siddaramaiah said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
last week, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced in the assembly that farmers need not worry; we will buy doda chura from them and burn it.
in february 2016, prime minister modi had said farmers' income would be doubled by 2022 to mark 75 years of india's independence.
dh news service, bengaluru, jun 10 2017, 1:10 istchief minister ram announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them.
addressing a kisan chetna dharna organised by the partys kisan cell here, he also sought to allay apprehensions about the feasibility of the debt waiver in view of punjabs financial situation.
notably, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said in december last year that the bjp-led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the worst-affected yavatmal district of vidarbha with the help of baliraja chetna abhiyan.
noting that agriculture development is the top priority for mozambique, modi said india would be partnering this endeavour through development of agricultural infrastructure and productivity in this country.
karnataka to clear rs 923 crore arrears to sugar cane farmersbelagavi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istchief minister siddaramaiah on tuesday announced that the state government would further absorb the dues to be paid by sugar factories to farmers for 2013-14 by releasing rs 923 crore in two installments.
meanwhile, fadnavis also said that the state would pay the power bills due from gram panchayats.
the congress will waive the loans of each farmer in chhattisgarh within 10 days, gandhi said.
komul aims to double productionshidlaghatta, apr 3, 2012, dhns: 2:04 istkolar-chikkaballapur milk union has ensured that dividends reach the farmers directly through its transparent administration, said dr m n ram , the managing director of the karnataka milk federation on tuesday.
government ready to include ragi, jowar under pdsbangalore, july 10, 2013, dhns: 1:52 istthe state government is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers are willing to grow more of these crops and sell them to it, chief minister ram said on wednesday.
inaugurating a three-day international conference on organic bihar, nitishkumar said: to achieve sustainable agriculture growth, organic farming has to be expanded.
haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that farmers covered under the scheme would get enhanced insurance compensation ranging between rs 10,000 and rs 25,000 per acre as against the prescribed rates fixed between rs 7500 and rs 12,000 per acre for damage to the crop.
siddaramaiah further said compensation would be distributed to the kin of the deceased farmers.
badal also asked the additional chief secretaries development and revenue to seek legal opinion from legal remembrancer (lr) for making suitable amendments in the land tenure act 1953 for facilitating the farmers to get better prices of their produce.
chief minister yogiadityanath on thursday said the state government had decided to waive off electricity surcharge for farmers in west uttar pradesh.
chief minister capt amarindersingh on monday said the state government will allow the farmers in punjab to sow paddy a week before the scheduled date of june 20, as part of a string of sops he announced to woo the farming community.
emphasising that broad-based and wide-ranging cooperation in agriculture and food security was a shared priority, modi said the two sides were collaborating to raise agricultural productivity in kenya.
also read | punish congress for treachery against farmers, honest taxpayers, says pmsix crore women belonging to all sections and categories were provided with lpg connections under the centre's ujjwala scheme in the last 32 months, modi said, adding, all the welfare schemes are being implemented in a balanced way to benefit all.
terming the rail roko agitation by farmers as unfortunate, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal said the state government was ready to accept every genuine demand of the peasantry.
piloting the legislation, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said the bill only shows the commitment of the modi government towards northeastern states.
even as the increased provisions for infrastructure, railways, roads, ports and agriculture to double the farmers income in the last five years is praiseworthy, ram said yet the expectations of corporate sector, industry and trading bodies were not fully met.
state failed to utilise grants from centre, say bjp leaderstarikere, oct 05, 2015, dhns 23:48 iststate bjp president pralhad ram said the yediyurappa government had sanctioned upto rs 2 lakh interest-free loans for farmers and the ram government has just raised the limit to rs 3 lakh and there is no question of interest here.
at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
b'gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo) gujarat chief minister vijayrupani (file photo)gujarat chief minister vijayrupani on friday said that the state government was helping mitigate losses by purchasing their commodities at minimum support price (msp) but added that he wants farmers to upscale their production further and earn dollars by exporting their produce.
the focus will be in making available affordable credit, ensuring assured supply of seeds and fertilisers, improving irrigation facilities, comprehensive risk coverage, improving productivity through soil health cards, assured market and remunerative prices for the produce through e-nam (national agriculture market), pranabmukherjee said.
at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
referring to gandhis loan waiver promise, a lady, avisha rokde, asked why not give good price so that question of loan waiver doesnt arise at all, gandhi said, if farmers are in distress, waiver is the immediate step that needs to be taken.
commerce secretary rita a. teaotia on monday said the union commerce ministry would support goa governments policy to develop the state as a agriculture hub.
in his address to the joint session of parliament, pranabmukherjee said the government attaches paramount importance to safeguard the interest of farmers and families affected by land acquisition.
we would also be happy to share best practices in organic farming with kenyan farmers, prime minister modi said in a statement following the talks.
it is a tragedy that the same farmers who at one time provided food to the nation are now dying of starvation as they cannot make both ends meet, amarinder said, promising that their debts will be taken over by government.
about the recently-launched crop insurance scheme, modi said it will come into force in all states from april 1, this year.
tamil culture minister k pandiarajan , representing the aiadmk, justified the rs 71,000 crore spent annually for such schemes, saying initiatives like free cycles for girls had even won praise from the world bank, while manuraj ram (dmk) said provision of subsidized rice copped flak but after implementation actually liberated agriculture.
bhopal: farmers' protest continued unabated in many parts of western madhya pradesh today even as chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of agitating farmers.
similarly, rs 35,984 crore have been allocated to agriculture, while rs 9 lakh crore earmarked for crop loans this year, naidu said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo) madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan (file photo)madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan has said that the state government would provide rs 25,000 as financial assistance to the farmers, who lost 50 per cent of their crops during the recent hailstorm, for marriage of their daughters.
using his personal app to connect with the partys kisan morcha leaders in karnataka , modi asked his party workers to propagate several farmerfriendly schemes introduced by his government over the past four years.
however, keeping the drought in view, siddaramaiah has asked officials to transfer money even to farmers who have not linked their account to aadhaar till april 30.
addressing media persons here on thursday to share his first impressions about the union budget, mr. rajender said that the centre had announced rs. 2,000 crore would be allocated for minimum support price (msp) operations for all crops but this amount should be increased if it is to truly benefit the farmers.
the government should give `5 lakh cash to the family of a farmer who commits suicide, a job offer, besides waving the debts, said jagmohan singh, state secretary of the bharatiya kisan union, punjab.
a bjp government in bihar will help us work seamlessly to create jobs for the youth, look after our farmers and ensure overall development, which is the antidote to every single problem, modi said, to rapturous applause.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, farm ponds will be significant for farmers, as creation of permanent assets for holding water would help them reap their fields next seasons even if there is poor rainfall.
at the jammu rally, modi claimed that the pradhan mantri kisan samman nidhi, under which farmers with two hectares of cultivable land or less would get rs 6,000 a year, as announced in the budget, had no precedent.
partha paula day after the supreme court verdict on singur, chief minister mamatabanerjee on thursday said farmers would get back their land within the stipulated time-frame set by the apex court and the land would also be made cultivable before being returned.
in this year budget we have introduced a new scheme pm kishan sanman nidhi, under which an amount of rs 6000 will be deposited to the account of the farmers per year who have only five acres of cultivable land in order to support them, modi said and assured all possible support to the state.
fadnavis said the foremost task was to enhance the irrigation potential from 18 per cent to 27 per cent in phases.
gst is a once in a lifetime opportunity for the government to remove anomalies in tobacco taxation in india and bring a fair relief to the tobacco farmers without compromising on its tobacco control goals, faifa general secretary babu said in a statement.
last time,chief minister mamatabanerjee said she will not acquire land and that we could if the farmers were willing to sell.
pm modi said the budget for a 'new india' has a roadmap to transform the agriculture sector of the country.
farmers' suicide; cm siddaramaiah to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister siddaramaiah today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
lets resolve that by 2022 we will no longer have to import pulses i have been telling our universities our agricultural universities should take up each variety of pulses how to do research in it, how to do genetic engineering in it, how to increase productivity, how to increase protein content so that farmers get good prices, modi said.
chief secretary tom ram said the government decided to extend the moratorium considering the pathetic state of farmers.
contrary to what the badals are trying to project with their misleading propaganda, the fact is that capt amarindersingh has categorically said the debts of farmers in punjab will be waived off once he comes to power, the ppcc leaders said.
additional district magistrate ajaykumar said, we have already written to the insurance company to disburse the actual crop insurance money to the farmers.
earlier, after reviewing the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages.
reiterating state congress commitment to waive off farmers debts if it comes to power in punjab, amarinder assured the farmers that their plight would end after the assembly elections.
modi said girls were today doing well in sports, in education and health sectors, and contributed significantly even in agriculture.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister narendramodi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
in all, rs 75,000 will be transferred to farmers accounts, no broker or middlemen involved, modi said.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
congress vice-president gandhi said on wednesday the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive off crop loans of up to rs 1 lakh of small and marginal farmers in the state is a partial relief but a step in the right direction.
therefore, we have come up with this new idea so that the villagers can save their agricultural produce and also take shelter during the floods, tinsukia deputy commissioner s.s. meenakshi ram told the telegraph today.
earlier, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath had announced crop loan write-offs of not more than rs 1 lakh, costing the exchequer almost rs 36,000 crore.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
coming under pressure from opposition and ally shiv sena, chief minister fadnavis said his government is in favour of loan waiver and was studying the up model.
chief minister siddaramaiah , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
by ptinagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for the crop.
jind: chief minister manoharlalkhattar today said land in the state will not be acquired without the consent of farmers and rates prescribed for acquisition will be paid to them without any delay.
vijayawada: chief minister n chandrababu ram said on sunday that drone technology will be used in tourism, agriculture, mines, forests, irrigation projects, maintenance of law and order and municipal administration for real-time governance.
addressing a press conference in bengaluru, siddaramaiah said prime minister narendra modi had recently spoken about doubling the income of farmers by 2022, but no measure to make it a reality was reflected in the budget.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party here, modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
in case of rail transportation, the subsidy would be 50 paise per kg of potatoes and re one for a kg if it was shipped abroad, mamatabanerjee said adding these measures would help farmers to avoid distress sale.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister nirmalasitharaman said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister uma bharti have already met delegations from the state.
picture by saikat santra kharagpur, april 3: bengal chief minister mamatabanerjee today announced a waiver of agricultural land tax that is expected to cost the government rs 200 crore in revenues annually and advised the centre to follow the example to write off farm loans.
latur district in marathwada, which is amongst the worst-hit this drought, has ensured that the government sends across at least 70 lakh litres of water through trains.
the chief minister also demanded that the farmers be paid the due price for their produce and in toto implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
modi said president karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture, information technology and energy.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendra fadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister modi said on sunday.
farmers aidguwahati: assam chief minister sarbanandasonowal on monday said the state government had envisaged to provide accident insurance coverage to one lakh fish farmers.
modi said the bridge would open new road for the high- quality ginger grown by farmers of the region and improve their economic condition.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
the alternative source of livelihood such as dairy, fisheries or poultry farming is being worked region wise to ensure farmers can survive even if their crops fail.
speaking at a rally after participating in a padayatra with rahul from maidur to gudagur in ranebennur taluk on saturday, chief minister siddaramaiah said the compensation to families of farmers who have committed suicide will be increased from rs 2 lakh to rs 5 lakh.
siddaramaiah said he had convened a meeting of deputy commissioners of all districts on september 23 and the progress made in drought and flood relief works would be discussed.
before ending his 28-hour-long fast, madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on sunday announced a series of measures for farmers, including declaring purchase of farm produce below the minimum support a criminal act.
we spend a lot of money to import lentils and (edible) oils and we must resolve to raise production so that we become self-sufficient in the next 10 years, modi said after launching a tv channel for farmers.
modi said that the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister ram on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
amid the din, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah ram said the government was ready to discuss the farmer's suicide, which is a important, serious and urgent.
b'during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
ap announces debt cut for farmershyderabad, dec 4, 2014, dhns: 1:08 istbenefiting 22,79,000 families of andhra pradesh, chief minister nara naidu announced waiver of loan not exceeding rs 50,000 taken by farmers from banks between 2007-2013.
by ptirajnandgaon: if the congress was voted to power in chhattisgarh, it will write off farmers' debts within 10 days, party president gandhi said friday.
at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party yesterday, prime minister modi said the bill will benefit farmers and that the amendments brought by his government were based on suggestions and demands made by congress-ruled states and their chief ministers.
devendra fadnavis said the government would expose the rampant corruption in the cooperative sector in the larger interest of the farmers.
follow our full election coverage hereto win over the disgruntled farmers, modi announced an annual cash payment of rs 6000 in three equal installments to as many as 120 million farmers.
prime minister modi on saturday announced the creation of a high-powered committee on structural reforms in agriculture, saying this panel would include some chief ministers and take a holistic approach on the subject.
drawing an analogy between the economic acumen of indira gandhi and modi, siddaramaiah said the former took a revolutionary step to nationalise 14 banks in 1969 to enable farmers, daily-wagers and others to avail benefits of banking.
fadnavis also said that of the 36,000 cases related to transfer of forest land to tribals, 20,000 had been resolved.
this (agriculture) is an area where india and the bank can fruitfully join hands, prime minister narendramodi said while formally opening the 52nd african development bank's (afdb) annual event on tuesday.
we have given a package of roughly rs 5,000 crore to farmers, news agency pti quoted chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
in a bid to ensure that all farmers get the minimum support price, arunjaitley said the states would be encouraged to take up decentralised procurement, undertaking online procurement of food grains through the food corporation of india and making arrangements for procurement of pulses, an area that has been in the domain of private traders so far.
reiterating his government's commitment to double the income of farmers by 2022, modi said that this requires to focus on fisheries, animal husbandry, horticulture, fruits, and vegetables.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said he would cut down on expenditure on other heads to compensate the loss to the state exchequer on account of farm loan waiver.
modi also said the government was committed to double farmers' income.
shiv sena chief, uddhav thackeray, also said that the state government should follow in the footsteps of the up government and waive off the farmer loans.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
we are committed to welfare of farmers.
this scheme has been made foolproof and will be implemented with complete transparency, modi said and asked state governments to come forward with list of farmers who would be its beneficiaries.
emphasising the importance of increasing farm productivity, modi said there was a need to use modern technique in agriculture because farm land was shrinking with the rising population.
bathinda deputy commissioner ghanshyamthori , who convened a meeting of senior officials of departments concerned, said whitefly-friendly weed would be destroyed under technical guidance from the agriculture department before march 11.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
speaking to reporters at dharmasthala, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said that though his party did not get the mandate from the voters, he would announce plans for farmers after the swearing-in.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister narendramodi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
chief minister ram said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarinder said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
though the ban will help farmers get livestock at a lesser price, it cannot prevent the illegal sale of animals for meat, said radhakrishnan.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister ram on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister siddaramaiah has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
fadnavis said the bjp-shiv sena government was doing everything that is possible to help farmers, who have faced crop losses due to unseasonal rains and hailstorms, and bring them out of the prevailing situation.
while rs 58,862 crore was for crop loan, rs 27,973 crore was given for agriculture term loan.
legislators taking part in a discussion on the drought situation of the state in belagavi on wednesday | rajesh sadarebelagavi: chief minister ram has asked the district ministers to visit villages and ensure drought relief works are carried out expeditiously.
the cm also said rather than giving loan waivers, the state will focus on sustainable growth of agriculture.
state seeks rs 362 crore for flood reliefbangalore, oct 31, 2014, dhns: 13:10 istcentral teams will visit drought-hit areas on nov 7 and 8: cmchief minister ram on thursday said the state government had convinced two central teams, which visited nine flood affected districts, about the severity of the devastation and was confident that the centre would approve the relief package of rs 362 crore it had sought.
siddaramaiah said the excess grants had helped those states to take up drought-relief works.
responding to clarifications from members, ram said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
modis predecessor manmohan singh had waived farm loans worth rs 72,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
accusing the previous congress regimes of gujarat of creating polity of the love of chair,chief minister narendramodi today said unlike them,his government was working for farmers welfare.
farmers who have taken loans of amount rs 5 lakhs will now have to pay only 2 per cent interest instead 12-15 per cent, manoharlalkhattar said.
speaking at the csir's platinum jubilee, modi said that he looks forward to csir making an important contribution to the current governments mandate of doubling the income of the farmers income by 2022, the year the country celebrates 75 years of its independence.
also read| we will make them search for chillums at yogi's house: akhilesh yadavthe governments of the congress, the samajwadi party (sp) and the bahujan samaj party (bsp) were not concerned with development, whereas prime minister narendra modi worked for women, the poor and farmers, yogiadityanath said.
if elected to power, the congress will write off debt of each farmer in chhattisgarh in 10 days, gandhi told the gathering.
farmers' income should double in six years: modibhubaneswar, feb 22, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istthe nda government at the centre wants to double the income of the farmers in the next six years and steps are being taken to see the target is achieved, prime minister narendramodi said on sunday.
55pm:rahul gandhi says the congress has stood with the farmers from the fields to parliament.
allowing fdi in multi-brand retail will bring in much needed investments, technologies and efficiencies to unlock the true potential of the agricultural value chain, ram said.
madhya pradesh farmers protest: union minister naidu told the congress not to politicise the issue.
we have been with the farmers and we were asking for it, environment minister ram said.
punjab congress chief captain amarinder singh on sunday asked prime minister narendra modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
pm modi invokes chaudhary charan singh to woo farmers in jatland bijnorin a bid to woo the farming community, prime minister narendramodi said bjp will waive off loans of all small farmers once voted to power.
observing that the agriculture sector would do better than expected, babu said, the monsoon has been better and the manufacturing growth will pick up in the second half of the year.
loans taken by farmers from nationalised banks will be waived within 24 hours after the janata dal (secular) comes to power, h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys , party state president, has said.
the new capital region will be just 18km from the krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely, naidu said, trying to allay their fears.
maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of flood-affected people is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, adding that efforts will be made to make the state drought-free by diverting rain water from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said the project would help in addressing the problem of the environmental pollution due to stubble burning besides providing additional income to farmers by helping turn the unmanageable agro-waste into raw material for producing bio fuel.
india and israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture, technology and security, modi said at a joint media event with netanyahu.
prime minister narendramodi had recently said the new uttar pradesh government would take a decision on a loan waiver scheme for farmers of the state.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister narendramodi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
42 pm: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the budget this time will be farmer-centric.
briefing reporters after holding a meeting to review the drought and flood situation in the state, siddaramaiah said the food grain target for the 2014-15 was 135 lakh tonnes, but the actual production could be somewhere around 125 lakh tonnes.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, siddaramaiah said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
a day after the state government agreed to meet demands of farmers, thousands of whom marched to the city from nashik, chief minister devendra fadnavis on tuesday listed decisions agreed upon in the meeting between the kisan morcha organisers and the state.
accusing the previous governments of being responsible for the sorry state of affairs in the state, yogiadityanath said work will be done to make development agriculture-based as it is main source of income.
about 33 lakh farmers have obtained farm loans worth rs 42,000cr from nationalised banks and 23 lakh farmers have drawn loans worth rs10,500cr through co-operative banks in the state, siddaramaiah said.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
they used farmers, while we work for farmers, modi said, adding that the government of those people used loan waivers as a tool to win polls.
badal said a panel for farmers cause would be a real tribute to lok nayak jai prakash narayan.
prime minister narendramodi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
modi, who is addressing the summit along with us president barack obama, said heavy investments in infrastructure and agriculture will improve economy.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 1 2017, 19:02 istthe animal markets are meant for farmers and not for traders, arunjaitley said, adding that 'this is the only effect of the notification.
prime minister modi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
this story is from december 12, 2018picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citybhopal: a year after the incident of firing in mandsaur leading to death of six farmers, the congress president gandhi in june this year announced that the farmers loan would be waived within 10 days if his party comes to power in madhya pradesh.
(source: ap)with uncertainly prevailing over the fate of ipl matches in drought-hit maharashtra, ipl chairman shukla shukla on friday said they are committed to the welfare of the farmers and will do whatever is suggested to them.
on claims that names of many farmers have not figured in waiver lists, amarindersingh said names of only those had not been figured in the lists where some anomalies in names were there and the farmers should approach authorities concerned for corrections and waiver would be provided to the deserving farmers.
in a recent letter to the prime minister, ram said his government is willing to consider waiving 50  of farm loans extended by co-operative banks if the centre accepts his request.
in the last 10 years, naveenpatnaik said, odisha has doubled farmers income and lifted eight million people above the poverty line.
we'll certainly examine it (proposal for waiving farm loans), naveenpatnaik said.
chief minister mamatabanerjee has recently announced that 128 kishan bazars have been set up across the state to ensure that farmers can sell their produce directly to markets in new delhi.
while talking after inaugurating the new service, haryana chief minister manoharlalkhattar said that the portal would help providing agriculture related information directly and online to the farmers.
a beaming mr. rajender, immediately after presenting his fifth budget to the state assembly on thursday, told a media conference that the budget was focussed on finer aspects of farming with the closure of loan waiver for farmers amounting to rs. 17,000 crore last year.
holding private money lenders responsible for most instances of farmer suicides in the region, ram said stern action will be taken against them.
today, i want to thank farmers of gujarat for accepting my vision of conserving water through sprinklers, drip irrigation and micro irrigation tools, which significantly brought up ground water levels, said modi.
mumbai: cm devendra fadnavis told toi on tuesday that two lakh additional farmers would be beneficiaries of the state governments move to take the cutoff date for the farm loan waiver back to 2001.
lauding the role played by punjabis in socio-economic development of gujarat,modi said: nearly 50,000 sikhs had lived peacefully in gujarat since centuries,thereby intermingling with other communities and playing a proactive role in the states development any officer of the gujarat government,compelling the farmers to leave the state,should understand clearly that in such a case,he will have to leave gujarat.
referring to the change in the budget dates, modi said it was in the interest of india's predominantly rural economy to prepare the budget immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year.
bhachau: prime minister modi today said the next generation should be taught to use water judiciously and advised farmers to use drip and sprinkler irrigation systems.
why they don't help farmers in distress, modi said addressing an election rally at rohaniya, on the outskirts of his parliamentary constituency varanasi.
van dhan (forest-based economy, jan dhan (financial empowerment of the poor), and jal dhan (water conservation to power irrigation of agriculture) could be ethical, economical and an ecological mean of making india a nation to reckon with by 2022 on the world stage, gadkari quoted modi having told the conclave.
a sensitive government, which works for the development of farmers, is needed in the state, prime minister modi said.
as bjp members including venkaiah naidu,najma heptulla and ravi shankar prasad disagreed and were up on their feet demanding immediate discussion on the chopper deal and defence minister a k antonys response on it,shukla said a debate on farmers problems was slated for tomorrow on naidus demand and if he agreed to change it government can discuss the chopper deal tomorrow itself.
jain said: the farmers will be provided with an online soil health card.
farmer suicides: increase in ex gratia effective from aprilbengaluru, october 15, 2015, dhns: 0:27 istcooperation minister h s ram on wednesday said hike in compensation to family members of farmers who have committed suicide and widow pension announced by chief minister ram recently, will have retrospective effect from april 2015.
at the meeting, fadnavis said he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work.
we are asking the prime minister modi to spare some money from this huge amount for providing debt relief to the farmers, he said, while asserting that it is the duty of everyone including the government of india to save the farmers from committing suicide.
at the rally, which was organised as thanksgiving meet of farmers for the agricultural farm loan waiver executed by the kamal nath government, gandhi said the waiver is just the beginning, were also committed to starting food processing units and cold storages near farmers plots in every district of the state.
(source: ani_news/twitter) shivrajsinghchouhan said his government was pro-farmer and recalled efforts underway to make farming a profitable business in mp.
prime minister modi said he would lessen the suffering of farmers.
moreover, farmers could now pay electricity bills in four installments in a year, if the amount is above rs 10,000, energy minister shrikant ram said.
mr shah also attacked former prime minister manmohan singh, alleging that dr singh used to say that minorities have a right on the country's resources, however, mr modi said the first right on the country's resources should be of dalits, people from weaker sections and farmers.
prime minister narendramodi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
siddaramaiah said that the government would increase the compensation from rs 1 lakh to rs 5 lakh to the families of farmers who committed suicide in the state.
by providing pos machines to traders, we will help farmers buy farm inputs without cash, fadnavis said.
reap crop insurance benefit: pm modibelagavi: feb 28, 2016, dhns: 1:43 istthe centre will not hesitate to spend for the welfare of farmers, said prime minister modi , as he set out to explain details of the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana at a farmers convention in belagavi on saturday.
speaking at a meeting to review preparations for the kharif season, fadnavis said; efforts to bring maximum farmers within the institutional credit mechanism through fresh crop loans should be taken up on a mission mode.
the congress will install a people's government in the state which will empower farmers, small and medium businesses and provide employment to the youth, gandhi said.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has warned district cooperative banks and other financial institutions of stern action if they turn down eligible loan requests of farmers ahead of the kharif season.
follow our election coverage hereassuring the farmers in particular, modi said: the nda government, soon after being voted to power for a second time, will start working on priority to double the income of farmers by 2022.
talking about development works taken during the four and a half years long regime of prime minister narendra modi led central government, smritiirani said: under the leadership of prime minister modi, whether it is the interest of the nation, farmers or common men, every sector has witnessed remarkable improvement.
after beginning his speech in yavatmal in the local banjara dialect, paying tributes to the communitys saints like sevalal and speaking for a while in marathi, modi said his government had worked tirelessly for farmers and pointed to the rs6,000 that his government would place annually directly in their bank accounts as income support and the sum of rs3,000 offered to workers in the unorganised sector as pension.
pointing out that online trading of agriculture produce has been introduced in around 30 apmcs in the state to minimise the role of middlemen and make farming profitable, ram claimed that it was a first-of-its-kind experiment in the nation and was being replicated in other states.
responding to clarifications from members, siddaramaiah said the government will constitute an agriculture price commission soon and come to the rescue of arecanut, coconut, coffee and cotton growers in distress.
they expressed solidarity with protesting farmers of the state and also unfolded a roadmap for farmers debt waiver plan if congress comes to power.
i will humbly ask the cm ashok gehlot to provide the required information in the interest of farmers, said modi.
finance minister arunjaitley may announce several measures to revamp farm infrastructure and support farmers as the national democratic alliance government seeks to win over this politically important section of society before crucial state elections next month, a top official familiar with the matter said.
modi said that under the bjp government's direct benefit transfer scheme, pm-kisan, rs 75,000 crore would be allocated annually.
in case the farmers suffer any loss, it would be compensated by this pradhikaran, manoharlalkhattar said.
hailing the farmers for record production, particularly production of pulses, modi said he wants to thank the farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulses, besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people.
union urban development minister naidu in gandhinagar on monday announced that the centre will decide on relaxing guidelines to pay compensation to farmers who sustained 25 per cent to 50 percent damage to their crops.
(pti file photo)congress vice-president gandhi on saturday said his mahayatra from deoria in eastern uttar pradesh to delhi from september 6 is a campaign to help secure rights of the poor, farmers and labourers in government resources.
chandigarh: the haryana government is in talks with various companies for the domestic production of bio-fuel from stubble and also has plans to provide agriculture implements to farmers on subsidised rates to keep a check on the practice of burning paddy stubble in the state, chief minister manoharlalkhattar said.
we will fix the msp of crops incorporating 50  profit in farmers cost of production including seed, irrigation, manure, and labour, modi had said at a rally in pathankot on april 25, 2014.
stressing on the importance of a second green revolution in the eastern states of odisha, jharkhand, bihar, west bengal and north-eastern states, modi said that by 2022, when india celebrates the 75th year of its independence, the income of farmers will have doubled.
unabated crisis over the decades* farmers suicides from 1995 to 2011: 53,818* farmers suicides from 2009 to 2014: 3,000 annually on an average (according to the national crime records bureau)* according to the state statistics, the figure from 2001 to 2014 is much less, at 17,645 deaths, or an average of 1,260 farmers annually# why the change in approach* while so far, successive governments in the state have focussed on large-scale schemes for entire regions and announcing of compensation packages after natural disasters, the new policy is trying to zero in on specific families* the decision for the change was taken after 11 bureaucrats went to visit villages in yavatmal in vidarbha and osmanabad in marathwada, two of the worst-affected rural regions in the state* the officials met families of farmers who had committed suicides, and also spoke to local administration officials to gauge the reasons behind the deaths* the state is looking at including farm labourers and marginal farmers in its net* these groups normally fall off the compensation net as they dont own land or may not have papers to show their debts* chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier asked the state administration to prepare a policy to tackle farmers suicides, which led to this exercise.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister nirmalasitharaman said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
bengaluru: anti-land grabbing action committee convener a t ram said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land.
continuing the attack on congress at another rally, raje said, rahulgandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer, but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for upto rs 50k.
modi said his governments focus was on agriculture and doubling farm income by 2022.
crediting the small and medium farmers of gujarat with revolutionising agriculture in the last one decade,modi said 95 per cent of our farmers are small or medium sized farmers.
promising to clear the dues of sugarcane farmers within 14 days, yogiadityanath announced five-six new sugar mills will be opened in the state over the next six months.
punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal (file photo)punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal on monday announced a grant of rs 10 crore as compensation to farmers whose cotton crops were extensively damaged due to the whitefly menace.
central teams will be visiting the drought hit areas on november 7 and 8, ram said.
siddaramaiah said primary agricultural credit co-operative societies in the state will be computerised in a phased manner during the next three years.
the separate state is not for the rich, it was for the poor farmers and the students who were subjugated by andhra rulers, tjac chief prof ram said.
speaking at a farmers rally in belagavi region of karnataka, modi said, we must strive to facilitate the linkage of rivers.
(file photo)to save farmers from distress selling of crops in open market, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal on monday approved setting up of a price stabilisation fund in the state.
echoing ravindranaths views, h c ram , president of advocates association of bengaluru, said, we have to give justice to the litigants and many of the litigants are farmers.
siddaramaiah, during the meeting today, also announced that all cases against farmers during kalasa-banduri protest will be withdrawn.
the changes in land act is aimed at ensuring faster processing without compromising on compensation or reclamation and rehabilitation (r&r) measures to farmers, prime minister modi said.
speaking about the farm crisis,naidu said the bjp will protect farmers and ensure that they can sell their agriculture produce anywhere in india.
crop insurancepatna: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh on friday said the centre has extended to august 31 the last date to enrol in the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana for bihar, aimed at enabling farmers to avail insurance cover against crop loss because of natural calamities.
we have set up an agriculture price commission with rs.1,000 crore revolving support price fund for market intervention to ensure farmers do not suffer losses in the event of prices for their crops fall below production cost, siddaramaiah said.
the project cost worked out to rs 18 lakh, involving 150 mushroom farmers, sanjeevkumar said.
recently, pm modi announced the decision to provide the msp (minimum support price) which shall be one and a half times the input cost for any agricultural produce for both rabi and kharif crops.
noting that they reviewed the full range of bilateral relationship, modi said the two sides will encourage industry and business in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
(source: pti photo/file) as whether the land in singur would be fit for cultivation again, mamatabanerjee said: according to some agricultural experts, as no farming had taken place there for a decade, it was now more fertile than before.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister modi said on wednesday.
though the ordinance is lapsing, 13 of its points, meant to provide direct financial benefit to farmers, are being brought under the rules effective from sunday so farmers do not face financial loss, said modi.
terming providing water for irrigation as a major thrust area of the bjp government, modi said pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana is a major step in this direction, which has helped farmers considerably.
seeking deeper economic engagement, modi said indias capacities in trade, investments, information and communication technology, space, agriculture, health care, small and medium scale industry can bring wide spread economic benefit to the sco countries.
addressing a gathering after distributing farm-debt waiver certificates at his ancestral village, mehraj, amarindersingh said influential politicians and officials would also be taken to task if they were found involved in cases of sacrilege and police firing the arrest of the former ssp turned into a talking point at the event.
modi claimed that the waivers announced by the congress governments in the states would benefit a maximum of 20 to 30 per cent farmers, while his scheme would reach 90 to 95 per cent farmers.
in his keynote address, c ram , president, indian society of agricultural economics and former vice-chancellor of agricultural university, coimbatore said the government could establish an agricultural marketing council, comprising both public and private stakeholders to monitor, investigate, analyse and advise market interventions.
the project, which is being undertaken to quench the thirst of drought-prone areas of kolar, chikkaballapur and bengaluru rural districts, has been prepared after obtaining opinion from technical experts on the pros and cons of the project, said siddaramaiah.
after a survey of crop loss and amid mounting criticism from the congress and resentment shown by the farmers, chief minister park announced a rs 600 crore relief for cotton growers.
while chief minister naveen patnaik thanked farmers for agreeing to leave their land for the refinery project, modi said: the paradip project has shown that farmers here are ready to give their land so that lakhs of youths get jobs, he added.
it was in january this year, while speaking at the state credit seminar 2018-19 organised by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), manoharparrikar said the state government would go cashless by september 30.
siddaramaiah said all dcs and sps had been directed to take action against moneylenders if they harass farmers for loan recovery.
while appreciating the fellow countrymen on the ways in which demonetisation has shaped, pm modi in his speech said the following:the government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
comparing suicide of farmers in karnataka with up, yogiadityanath said up has a population of 23 crore, which is three times higher than that of karnataka, but there are no cases of farmer suicides in the northern state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
chief minister ram said that he has directed the cops to release farmers.
prime minister modi too had said in his campaign speeches that writing off farm loans would be among the foremost tasks of the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
however, the badals, with their selective memory, had conveniently forgotten about this fact while accusing me of cheating the farmers on the debt waiver issue, amarindersingh said, adding that the akali leaders should check out the facts before making such unsubstantiated statements.
naidu asked the congress to behave in a more mature and responsible manner to help restore normalcy in the hotbed of the farmers protest, instead of fanning sentiments.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
if bjp forms government in up, modi said, i promise you we will form a special task force to ensure that lands looted from farmers and middle-class people would be restored.
puducherry lt governor kiranbedi on sunday said economic development of a country largely depends on the progress of its agriculture, industry, trade and service sector.
reacting to congress claim that note ban brought hardship to the farmers, arunjaitley said the opposition should stop bringing in farmers on every issue.
he used to wear rose and had the knowledge of gardens but did not know about farmers or farming, due to which the community faced hardship, modi said, without naming nehru.
if there is a ray of hope in the world economy today, it is india, modi said at the rally attended by thousands of farmers.
amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
panaji: governor mridulasinha on tuesday said that her governments highest priority was alleviating farmers woes and raising their standard of living.
in her message to the family of jakhar, gandhi said, the congress party as indeed the entire nation will forever remember the contributions made by him during the course of his long public life, particularly to the cause of farming community.
a field survey would be conducted within four weeks, following which the physical possession of the land would be handed over to the farmers, mamatabanerjee said.
raje had said, in the history of rajasthan, this is the first government that has waived off crop loans up to rs 50,000; the last two governments at the centre had waived off farm loans up to rs 10,000 only.
blaming the then upa-ii government for its flawed policies at an election rally in sujanpur tira, modi had said, the farmers work hard, cultivate apples.
we have taken opinion of scientific community and considered interest of farming community in allowing their use, he said.
why can we not have a blue economy, and why should our farmers not export their produce, said modi.
the cm said that the state government had also decided to give a financial assistance worth rs. 50,000 each to landless labourers to bail them out of the current agrarian crisis.
the credit for this goes to every worker of the congress party, who under rahul's active guidance, carried out a sustained agitation, gandhi said, hailing the leadership of the congress vice president to the cause of farmers.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister m.venkaiahnaidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
nakodar: on the occasion of farmers debt waiver function at nakodar, punjab chief minister amarinder on wednesday announced infrastructure project worth rs 113 crore for shahkot area, which is going to have a byelection after the death of sitting mla ajit singh kohar .
the drought areas will be notified in consultation with states, rural development secretary j k ram told pti.
siddaramaiah said that a report would be prepared after the cabinet sub-committees tour the state for assessing drought situation.
we are not going to take agricultural land tax from those outside the purview of land ceiling, mamatabanerjee told the rally in kharagpur.
prime minister narendramodi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
we will bring policies to facilitate investment by the corporate sector in agriculture, modi said.
modi said in the past four years at the centre and 13 years in madhya pradesh, the bjp had worked for the uplift and empowerment of poor, farmers and deprived sections of society.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh (pti/file) punjab chief minister amarindersingh (pti/file)punjab chief minister captain amarindersingh on friday said his government would soon announce its decision on farm debt waiver based on the recommendations of the t haq expert committee, which is scheduled to submit its report shortly.
finance minister arun jaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
modi to address farmers' rally in belagavi on february 27hubballi, feb 9, 2016, dhns: 3:11 iststate bjp president pralhad ram announced on monday that prime minister narendra modi would address a farmers convention to be held in belagavi on february 27.
expressing concern over the spate of farmer suicides across the country, modi said that the banks should be more considerate towards the debt ridden farmers.
terming his government as pro-farmer and pro-poor, modi said: we are a committed government.
later in the day, ending his road show in the old city, rahul told a gathering that economists have told him that the schemes like mgnrega and loan waiver had helped the overall economy of the country and not just the farmers.
mandsaur farmers protest: union minister naidu said that madhya pradesh is an island of calm, while urging congress to not politicise the issue.
sanjeev kumar vermasushil kumar modipatna: deputy chief minister modi on monday said weeding out middlemen from government schemes, ending dependence on kerosene lamps and enhancing farmers' income would be the three main achievements of the government in 2018.
modi said farmers income will be doubled in 6 years; it is a jumla-type statement unlikely to be achieved, he said.
perhaps seeking to counter this claim, modi said, economic growth has meaning only if it empowers the poor, farmers, women, as well as the middle and neo-middle classes of all communities.
ram prasad ram , secretary of the jamuna valley dairy cooperative society said the banks intervention has resulted in more income to the farmers which has motivated the producers to concentrate on cattle rearing.
when the members pressed for waiving of farm loans, siddaramaiah said farmers have availed rs 10,000 crore from co-operative banks and rs 35,000 crore from commercial banks.
prime minister modi on saturday announced setting up of a high-powered task force to bring structural reforms in agrarian sector in the country, said niti aayogs vice-chairman rajiv kumar.
after four years in office, prime minister narendramodi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
budget is close to dreams of people: pmnew delhi, feb 29, 2016 (pti) 19:05 istterming the budget as one close to dreams of the people, prime minister modi today said its biggest focus is on villages, poor people, farmers, women and youth to ensure a qualitative change in their lives and alleviate poverty through a slew of time-bound programmes.
addressing a farmers rally which coincided with the 75th birthday of bjp state president b s yeddyurappa, modi told the massive crowd: this seeda rupaiyya sarkar should not be allowed to continue even for a minute.
once the report comes in, we will take measures to compensate farmers, nitishkumar said.
the families of the farmers (who were killed in mandsaur last year) will get justice in 10 days and we will take action against those responsible for the firing, says the congress president.
asked about farm loan waiver, a key pre-poll promise of the punjab congress, amarindersingh said he was fully committed to implementing the same and would ensure that adequate funds are released for it.
may these festivals bring abundance of happiness and prosperity in the lives of our hardworking farmers, modi said.
ram ram , a political analyst and former professor, haryana agricultural university, hissar, said that the bjp is likely to emerge as the winner in the region.
the distribution of food grains in the villages will ensure not a single farmer goes to sleep hungry, he added.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
15: union agriculture minister radhamohansingh today announced setting up of a regional centre of the national centre of organic farming (ncof), headquartered in ghaziabad, uttar pradesh, to promote organic farming.
the decision was also evaluated by the j-pal south asia and the world bank following the announcement of the project, chief minister capt amarindersingh had claimed that the project would encourage farmers to save power and water and would also help in crop diversification and result in accurate energy accounting and curbing wasteful consumption.
(source: pti photo)exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology, prime minister modi on monday said his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when india would celebrate 75 years of independence.
48pm: the government will set up gramin haats so that farmers dont have to go faraway to sell their produces, says modi.
siddaramaiah said he will soon write a letter to prime minister narendra modi, urging him to waive at least 50  of farm loans taken from various nationalised banks in view of the severe drought in karnataka.
vardhan said, prime minister modi had asked multi-national companies to mix their carbonated drinks with fruit juices to help farmers of the country.
not only farmers loans will be waived, but also educative programmes will be introduced, he said.
elaborating on the plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the long-term measures to root out drought and farmer suicides in the state would require environmental preservation.
ragi, jowar may come under pdsthe state is ready to include ragi and jowar under the public distribution system (pds) if farmers grow more of these crops and sell them to it, said chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday after launching the anna bhagya yojane, dhns reports from bangalore.
(source: ap photo)saving farmers is the priority of his government, karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy said today, as he promised to honour his commitment to waive farm loans within 15 days and insisted there was no going back on it.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das also said a time limit for farmers to pay crop insurance premiums has been extended by 15 days.
jaipur: rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje on thursday said it was first time in the history of the state that a government has waived farm loans of up to rs 50,000.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister narendramodi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
to obviate any confusion on the subject, i categorically state that the central government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income, arunjaitley said in a statement.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, ram said he would do so once the session concluded.
we have agreed to enhance our engagement in several areas including in agriculture, renewable energy, and power sector, said modi in a joint address to the media with suu kyi.
govt ready with contingency plan to deal with poor monsoon:minnew delhi, june 2, 2015, (pti) 22:53 istthe government is ready with contingency plans in 580 districts to deal with poor monsoon, agriculture minister radhamohansingh said today.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who reviewed the drought situation in marathwada last week and sought to infuse confidence in farmers by announcing a slew of measures, told this paper that his government was concerned about the farmer suicides and has taken several steps to bring them down.
pointing out that a special crop loss assessment report was already being prepared to assess crop damage due to rain, amarindersingh said losses due to fire caused by any other reason will be compensated from the cms relief fund.
(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
market watchers claim many farmers had stopped repaying loans soon after aicc president rahulgandhi announced plans to waive farm loans up to rs 2 lakh in 10 days after coming to power in madhya pradesh.
in punjab's context, amarindersingh said the agriculture sector, which was largely dependent on cash transactions, had been hit hard, along with the informal sector.
read | amid complaints, up cm yogi orders framing of anti-romeo guidelinesfarmer loan waiverat his first cabinet meeting, yogiadityanath said the state government would waive loans of rs 36,359 crore taken by about 94 lakh small and marginal farmers uttar pradesh.
the congress vice president said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
what makes this more significant is that after a long gap of 10 to 15 years, a large chunk of farmers who were denied fresh bank loans because of past defaults, would now be eligible for crop loans providing an opportunity to start afresh in their struggle for existence, tiwari told toi.
a sincere attempt will be made to provide water to standing crops of our farmers, ram said.
in this situation, the centre will have to step in to help the farmers, said siddaramaiah.
modi said if sardar vallabhai patel had been the prime minister at the time, the condition of farmers would have been much better.
to fill the gap in storage capacity requirements, nabard should interact with private sector players, pranabmukherjee said, addressing the foundation day of national bank for agriculture and rural development, the apex bank for agriculture sector loans in the country.
prime minister modi said, the mandate given to him in 2019 elections was not just to run india but to create a new india, adding that the country had seen several positive developments in the last five-years during which the youth, women, farmers and the poor were put at the centre of governments programmes.
we have agreed to set up a committee to allot agricultural land to tribals provided they submit proof of pre-2005 land cultivation, chief minister devendra fadnavis said.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister ram on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
virtually kicking off his party's campaign for the assembly elections due towards the end of the year, gandhi said if the congress comes to power in mp, those responsible for the death of the six farmers would face strict action within 10 days.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan on saturday announced the setting up of commission which would assess the input cost of agriculture produce, and said he was pained to see the violence in the state during the farmers agitation.
we will create a food chain from where the produce will go the cities and farmers will directly receive the money due to them, rahulgandhi says.
modi said that he wanted to assure people that this chowkidar is determined to ensure that every drop of water meant for farmers reaches them.
open to changes in land bill that benefit poor: pmnew delhi: may 28, 2015, dhns 2:14 istparties should keep aside political motives: modiamendments in the land acquisition bill in the interest of farmers, poor, village and nation will be accepted, prime minister modi said on wednesday asserting that along with gst bill the measure will be passed by parliament in a matter of time.
chief minister mamatabanerjee on wednesday said that the centre must waive farm loans across the country and not pass the buck to the states.
chandigarh: trashing the union as a jumla , punjab chief minister amarindersingh on friday said it was a hogwash, which had nothing for farmers and youths but would burden the common man.
hemant said initially prime minister modi had said that his government would safeguard farmers' land, but later tried to bring in land acquisition bill to usurp farmland.
deshpande had also said that prime minister manmohansingh had announced a package for vidarbhas crisis-ridden farmers,which included one for irrigation.
speaking at the valedictory ceremony of the golden jubilee celebration of the university of agricultural sciences, bangalore, ram said the commission would look into how farmers could get good prices for their produce.
modi said loan waiver of small and marginal farmers would be the first decision if the bjp came to power in the state.
we dont want an india where only a handful get everything, fly in aeroplanes and travel in big cars and our farmers are turned into labourers, rahul said.
finance minister arunjaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
in an indirect but obvious reference to nehru, babu said the leader who wore a rose knew about gardens but not farmers or farming.
farmers' suicide; cm ram to lead all party delegation to pmhubballi(karna), aug 5, 2015, (pti) 16:53 istkarnataka chief minister ram today said he will lead an all party delegation to the prime minister to seek more relief funds in the wake of farmer suicides, unseasonal rains and drought like situation in certain parts of the state.
sources said it will not be practically possible to write off the entire loan amount, but ram may announce a partial loan waiver, thus offering some relief to small and marginal farmers, reeling under severe drought.
modi told the lok sabha that the problems of the farmers were old, widespread and deep-rooted.
magisterial probe into farmer suicide orderedbelgaum, nov 28, 2013, dhns: 2:42 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced a magisterial probe into the death of sugarcane grower vithal bheemappa arabhavi amid opposition allegation that the state government was responsible for the farmers suicide and the demand for his resignation.
modi further said farmers of maharashtra had benefited and women got better employment opportunities in the last five years under fadnavis leadership.
finance minister arunjaitley (file) finance minister arunjaitley (file)soon after finance minister arunjaitley announced the centres disassociation with loan waivers for farmers, the congress party on tuesday lashed out at the former, saying the bharatiya janata party (bjp) must not make promises they cannot deliver.
chief minister ram , who launched the integrated marketing project, said that it was a revolutionary programme which will help make agriculture a profitable business.
with the number of farmers dwindling, time has come that experts in the field introspect and find reasons why the situation has come to such a passe, ram said in his presidential address at the inauguration of a two-day national agriculture conclave (nac) at a city hotel.
stating that the government has already made representation to the centre for setting up a corpus fund for crop failure compensation, chief minister vijayrupani said that for the year 2019, the state government has purchased crop insurance for rs 12,000 crore sum insured.
modi said that the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana would offer credit cards, which could be used to offset any crisis and eventually help in preventing suicides among farmers and other poor sections.
my government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of maharashtra and a total of rs 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly, replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state's 48,000 villages.
on a day's visit to participate in the sabka saath sabka vikas (sssv) sammelan and other programmes organised by the bjp to mark three years of the narendra modi government at the centre, naidu said the waiver of farm loans depends on the financial viability of individual states.
he said today: modi said, 'i will change the life of farmers'.
by iansjaipur: the time has come to usher in another green revolution and the congress will do it if comes to power after the lok sabha polls, congress president rahulgandhi said at a farmers' outreach here on wednesday.
compensation to farmers after joint survey report: cmapril 18, 2015, gangavati (koppal dist), dhns 2:32 istcompensation to farmers for the crops they have lost to unseasonal rain in five districts of the hyderabad-karnataka region would be given once officials of agriculture and revenue departments conduct a joint survey and submit a detailed report, chief minister ram said on friday.
the upa government had waived off rs 70,000 crore loan of farmers.
continuing the attack on congress at another rally, raje said, gandhi says that we have not waived off loans of any farmer, but in reality we have done so for 30 lakh farmers for upto rs 50k.
pticongress leaders on sunday termed union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs remark on the ongoing farmers strike, or gaon bandh, as insensitive and full of arrogance.
dev rajpatna: chief minister nitishkumar on wednesday said the government had decided to implement the bihar rajya fasal sahayata yojna to protect farmers against the vagaries of nature as they were not benefiting from the centre's crop insurance scheme.
(source: ap)prime minister narendramodi has asked 11 drought-hit states including maharashtra to take measures on a weekly basis for drought-proofing of villages till the monsoon arrives in the first week of june.
aware that the government is often being criticised following the suicide of farmers, naveenpatnaik said: we are the only state to have doubled farmers' income in the last decade.
picture by nagendra kumar singhpatna: all bihar districts would get dedicated feeders for agriculture in the next two years, deputy chief minister sushilkumarmodi said on wednesday.
almost all member states are opposed to the niti aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act, however, many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
earlier this month, just when the unrest has started, fadnavis had announced a rs 30,000-crore waiver for 40 lakh-odd small and marginal farmers whose loans were overdue.
prime minister modi on april 8 had announced higher compensation and government aid for farmers suffering due to unseasonable rains.
whatever may be the difficulty, our governmentis committed to maintaining fiscal discipline, and also saving you (farmers), kumaraswamy told the meeting after listening to farmers for about three hours.
meanwhile, ram on sunday told reporters in mysuru that he is waiting for union governments stand to take a decision of farm loan waiver.
chief minister ram said, we are committed to protect the interest of farmers and people of karnataka.
with farmers ending lives in the parched saurashtra region in an election year,chief minister modi on tuesday announced an ambitious rs 10,000-crore irrigation project,to be called saurashtra narmada avtaran irrigation yojana (sauni),which aims to fill all 115 dams in the region with narmada water by interlinking a total of 87 rivers.
on the pro-farmer initiatives in the budget, modi claimed that for many years, initiatives had been taken for peasants but many of them never came under the ambit of these schemes.
we will not let a factory (power plant) come up here until and unless farmers are paid compensation as per the coming bill of parliament, amarindersingh said,while accusing badals of speeding up the acquisitions for personal gains.
asked what could the government do to help farmers battling agrarian crisis and deficient rainfall, gandhi said we have made a slow transition from agricultural economy to knowledge economy and industry economy.
suicide not a solutioncommenting on the recent string of farmer suicides in the state, siddaramaiah said that suicide is not a solution.
after the meeting, ram told reporters that the veteran congress leader has asked the government to pay cash compensation to farmers in cauvery basin who have suffered crop losses due to non-release of water through the canals.
gandhi also said if voted to power, the congress will waive farmers' loans within 10 days of forming government.
share this article related article at drought meet, pm modi says learn from shivajiat drought meet, pm modi says learn from shivaji karnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi , seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situationkarnataka cm siddaramaiah meets pm modi , seeks rs 12,272 cr to tackle drought situation up seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modiup seeks rs 11,000 cr to meet drought situation as akhilesh meets pm modi ipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich leagueipl 2016: sewage water to run the cash-rich league maharashtra to raise loans to tackle droughtmaharashtra to raise loans to tackle drought flood-like situation in parts of gujarat, toll reaches 27elaborating on gujarats efforts at water conservation, recharge and creation of water bodies, the cm said that 1.
now, we want to ensure 50  of the farmers avail the insurance, said modi.
quota for farmers' children in agri varsitymysore, feb 24, 2014, dhns: 0:39 istchief minister siddaramaiah on monday announced that 40 per cent of seats in agricultural universities in the state will be reserved for farmers children.
(file)karnataka chief minister h d kumaraswamy on monday said he is committed to waive farm loans or else he will retire from politics and asked people not to fall prey to the bjps conspiracy.
the farmers are suffering as a result of the central governments failure to waive their debts, which many state governments, including punjab, had been repeatedly seeking, and also to give them the due price for their produce, he said, reiterating his demand for implementation of the swaminathan commission report.
a minister who does not connect with the woes of the farmers had no business holding the portfolio, amarindersingh said in a statement released in chandigarh on sunday.
modi said india is currently in a crucial phase of nation building and the government's mission is to build a prosperous india where farmers are capable, workers satisfied, women empowered and youth self-reliant.
likewise, badal also asked him to issue tubewell connections for farmers having land near the border fence on the top priority.
farmers in karnataka have hugely benefited from the scheme, says pm.
stating that the government is working to strengthen agri-marketing in a big way, modi said the efforts are being made to link rural mandis to apmc wholesale markets to global market to enhance farmers income.
announcing relief for farmers, modi said, government will take care of interest for 60 days for farmers who had taken loans from district coop, central bank.
speaking at the programme, ram said banks have been strictly told not to serve notices on farmers, demanding repayment of loans till the region receives a good spell of rains and yield.
agriculture minister ram said steps are being taken to provide counseling to the aggrieved farmers.
punjab chief minister amarindersingh said, when farmers, who feed the nation, are forced to take to streets to draw attention to their pitiable condition, then it does not augur well for the country.
responding to the opposition parties, commerce and industry minister ram said the government was seized of the problems being faced by drought-hit farmers in tamil nadu and that finance minister arun jaitley, agriculture minister radha mohan singh and water resources minister ram bharti have already met delegations from the state.
28 crore in 2015-16 benefiting 2,00,947 farmers, naidu said, adding that rs 415.
modi said fadnavis had provided political stability, social harmony, law and order opportunities for investment, better facilities for farmers and ensured benefits of central schemes for people of the state.
prime minister narendramodi has asked the top officials to move fast to approach the aiib for loans for some of the flagship projects of his government, particularly in agriculture, rural housing and railway sectors.
finance minister arun jaitley this month said the government will spend a record amount on rural areas and farming to help double farmers income by 2022.
d ram (cpi) said the government was waiving loans of other sectors and asked why it couldnt do the same for farmers.
later in the day, punjab chief minister parkashsinghbadal said payment to farmers for their harvest would flow electronically from tuesday, and rs 4,000 crore would be disbursed with 24 hours.
chief minister h.d. h.d.kumaraswamys said the government has extended duration of the scheme for the benefit of the farming community.
as many leaders were opposed waving loans borrowed by mlas, mlcs, and representatives of local bodies, mr. h.d.kumaraswamys said even employees of co-operatives earning a salary of rs. 3 lakh a year and some individuals paying income tax of rs. 3 lakh a year have borrowed farm loans.
also read: pm-kisan scheme an insult to farmers, says priyanka gandhiduring the demonetisation, no thief or person with black money, but farmers, youths, unemployed, and people of bundelkhand stood in the queues, said gandhi.
state bjp president pralhad ram said a delegation of party mps would meet chief minister ram in new delhi on tuesday to discuss the issue of compensation to farmers.
we have agreed to further strengthen our bilateral cooperation in defence and security, peaceful uses of atomic energy and outer space, science and technology, oil and gas, renewable energy, infrastructure development, agriculture and innovation-based sectors, naidu said.
instead, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan announced a new incentive scheme in which a farmer gets 10  subsidy on the principal amount while repaying the loan.
to this, modi said these problems were being faced by sugarcane farmers across the country and the union government is a taking a number of steps to address them.
siddaramaiah had announced that the government was allowing farmers to produce neera in the 2013-14 budget itself.
listing the sops offered by her government, mamatabanerjee said it has already given financial benefits to 30,000 farmers under 'krishi bondhu' scheme under which they will get the assistance of rs 5,000 per acre in two instalments, one during kharif and another during rabi season.
clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
rahul gandhi said he would force the bjp-led nda government at the centre for a loan waiver for the distressed farmers.
apologising for not visiting families of those farmers who have ended their lives, owing to the ongoing legislative session, siddaramaiah said he would do so once the session concluded.
india has always been called an agrarian country but this is the first time that people have realised that with the budget being dedicated to farm sector, union minister mukhtarabbasnaqvi told reporters.
punjab is closely following the footsteps of uttar pradesh, where chief minister yogiadityanath announced a waiver of loans to farmers soon after taking charge.
we have been working speedily in all sectors, whether it is the jal jeevan mission, respect and help for each and every farmer in the country, setting free our muslim women from the malaise of triple talaq, or laws for strengthening childrens security, said modi.
last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the marathwada region will be made drought-free in the next few years.
on the pm-kisan scheme, under which rs 6,000 per annum are transferred to the accounts of farmers who have less than five acres of land, modi said after the lok sabha polls, the five-acre condition would be removed, and more cultivators would be covered.
with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
the requirement of funds for the infrastructure, agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, women and child development, health and education sectors in the region is rs 16,000 crore, siddaramaiah said.
we will waive off loans of farmers but at an appropriate time and will also take centres help for the same, fadnavis told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
naidu, in response, said the agriculture sector achieved 11 per cent growth rate during his government.
coke heeds to pm's call,to launch fizzy drink with fruit juicenew delhi, feb 11, 2016, (pti): 14:48 istbeverages giant coca-cola is set to launch a new 'juice with fizz' drink, more than a year after prime minister modi had asked the multinational cola giants to add fruit juices to their drinks to help indian farmers increase sales.
fadnavis said, apart from the budgetary provisions for irrigation projects, rs 1,000 crore for flagship jalyukta shivar abhiyan will help in rolling out several thousand water conservation works in 5,500 villages reeling under drought.
dh news service, bengaluru, jun 10 2017, 1:10 istchief minister siddaramaiah announced that he would meet the president to seek his assent for karnatakas land reforms bill which provides for giving agriculture labourers rights over houses built on land not belonging to them.
later, talking to media persons, amarindersingh said the state government will compensate the farmers if the centre does not meet their demand for withdrawal of value cut on the minimum support price (msp) in the procurement of wheat due to damage to crops by unseasonal rain.
although chief minister siddaramaiah claimed that the government has already distributed nearly rs 4,100 crore as relief to farmers who lost their crop, it's been a case of so near, yet so far.
fadnavis also said his government was positive about the loan waiver to farmers but did not promise an upa lokayukta for nagpur civic body.
in the union budget 2018, finance minister arunjaitley announced a 100 per cent tax deduction for farmer producer companies (fpcs) for the next five years.
there are incentives for farmers who repaid loans in time.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
i am very happy that the mp government is working on afforestation, pm modi said while promising that the government is committed towards doubling the income of farmers in 2022.
from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
when asked when was he planning to reshuffle his council of ministers, ram said he would do that after visiting drought-affected parts of karnataka.
finance minister arunjaitley has said his government will analyse and address rural india's issues, even going to the extent of saying that spending on rural india and agriculture is not populism.
chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan had on monday said that his government is taking all necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers.
budget reactionsterming the budget as historic, chief minister shivrajsinghchouhan said it was largely a budget designed for the welfare of farmers, development of the poor and a budget that empowers women.
delivering the 38th edition of his 'mann ki baat', prime minister narendramodi said, can our farmers take a pledge to bring down urea use by half by 2022?
we have been raising the issue of loan waiver from day one and now its time to take it to people, as the government only wants to road roll on our demands and ignore the concerns of farmers, ashok chavan, state president of congress told ht, after a joint meeting of opposition leaders.
reiterating his partys promise to waive off farmers loans if voted to power, gandhi said, let our government assume power in mp.
pm modi told global leaders in attendance at cop 14 how india has 'soil cards' to help the farmers understand the health of the soil.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, ram said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
highlighting pradhan mantri kisan bima yojna, smritiirani said the centre has approved kisan vigyan kendra in amethi and if the state government provided land, it would be started soon.
as per the constitutional provisions, the scheme of crop loan waiver for farmers should be implemented by getting the budget passed, yogiadityanath said.
1:50 pm: meanwhile, uttar pradesh chief minister yogiadityanath has said that welfare of farmers is the welfare of the country.
39 pm: agriculture sector needs evergreen revolution sadakaal haritkaal, says pm modi.
the dasara fest is special this year as it is being held after rain gods blessed the state with bountiful rains during the monsoon to ensure a bumper harvest to farmers and prosperity to the 60 million people of karnataka, siddaramaiah told reporters on the occasion.
we have committed that in 2019, we will have a government that will make up for all the crimes that narendra modi has done against farmers in five years, gandhi said.
talking about ways to propagate about government schemes like crop insurance, arunjaitley said government should not leave any form of media as cost is limited and unlimited advantages like wide reach.
the monsoon has turned out to be little better than what was expected, therefore agriculture production may do better than what was originally expected, babu said.
addressing the opening session of the two-day conference in which union cabinet ministers, food and agriculture ministers from states and senior government officials are taking part, pranabmukherjee said procurement of foodgrains and enhancement of storage capacity in view of the proposed national food security act.
the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
people used to say india cannot be changed, we have successfully changed that thought itself, modi said whileclaiming that the country was taking big strides in every sphere from sports to space, healthcare to agriculture, economy and education.
calling demonetisation a morally and ethically correct decision, arunjaitley asked the opposition not to defend black money in the name of farmers.
chief minister siddaramaiah said 80  of farmers had availed loans from commercial banks which come under the jurisdiction of the centre.
modi wants rbi to prepare 20-yr road map for fin inclusionmumbai, apr 2, 2015, (pti) 13:41 istprime minister modi today asked the reserve bank to prepare a 20-year road map for financial inclusion and nudged banks to be considerate in giving loans to the poor as also while making recoveries from them, especially farmers.
during his poll campaign, prime minister babu had said the first decision of the new up government under the bjp would be to waive loans of small and marginal farmers.
seeking to turn the tables on congress over its president's 'hawabaazi' (empty talk) barb at modi, smritiirani said the real 'hawabaazi' would be rahul gandhi declaring himself to be a messiah of farmers as she attacked the congress vice president over the amethi land row.
the msp was arrived on the basis of an improper formula and, therefore, farmers will not get correct prices for their produce or labour, he added.
modi, during his lok sabha poll campaigns, had repeatedly announced that he would ensure adequate price to the farmers for their produce.
the farmers main demand was rights over forest land, and fadnavis told them the issue would be resolved within six months.
saying that the strike was a direct affirmation of the kisan virodhi policies of the modi government, a statement by congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala said the mp state government was trying to suppress the protests by using illegal means.
explaining the project further, amarinder said if a farmer was given rs 10,000 for power consumption of his tubewell and he ended up spending rs 7,000, the remaining amount would go into his pocket and he would also contribute to saving the declining groundwater level in the state.
kr ram , congress floor leader, said though the state government had promised that it would not allow hydrocarbon project in neduvasal, it was not clear how agreements entered into between the local farmers with the ongc for acquiring the lands would be cancelled.
ncps sharad pawar asked the centre to chip in with more help and waive short-term loans, particularly crop loan and the interest on loans for purchase of agriculture equipment.
odisha chief minister naveenpatnaik today asked the district collectors to attach importance to farmers issues while opposition congress demanded constitution of a farmers commission in the state.
kumar uttam (@meetuttam) may 26, 20173:56pm: i want to assure people of india that the kashmir situation will soon be brought under control, says amit shah3:53pm: modi govt has met peoples aspirations, says amit shah3:51pm: ease of doing business improved, fdi inflow grew, says amit shah3:50pm: india has grown as an economic leader, says shah3:48pm: bjp president amit shah speaks to media on 3 years of modi govt2:37pm: ne of northeast would mean new economy, new energy, new empowerment, new engine, says pm modi2:32pm: pm narendra modi launches sampada yojana- scheme for agro marine processing and development of agro processing clusters2:29pm: in new india, we have to move towards ever green revolution, says pm modi2:27pm: if northeast starts working in this (organic farming) direction, india can become one of the biggest centres of organic farming, says pm modi2:26pm: in northeast, the likelihood of organic farming is very high: pm2:24pm: we laid emphasis on pradhan mantri krishi sinchai yojana, says pm modi2:19pm: we cant bring change in the country through tokenism, says pm modi at his dhemaji rally2:17pm: our dream is to double farmers income by 2022, the year when india completes 75 years of independence: pm modi2:15pm: we want to bring modernisation in agriculture, says pm modi2:12pm: pm narendra modi is addressing another rally in assams dhemaji12:19pm: pm renames dhola sadiya bridge as bhupen hazarika bridge12:18pm: within the first year of bjp rule in assam, the state is getting rid of many of its problems, says pm modi12:14pm: the bridge will save time, says pm12:12pm: the bridge will be a link in the development of two states- arunachal pradesh and assam: pm12:10pm: prime minister modi says the bridge will bring an economic revolution12:08pm: this bridge will open new avenues for the farmers, says pm modi in assam12:04pm: it is a proud moment for the country that indias longest bridge has been constructed in assam, says pm modi12:00pm: pm modi is addressing a rally in dhola, assam11:50am: congress leader kamal nath said bjp spending rs 2000 cr on celebration,3 years of modi govt can be summed up as bhashan aur aashwaasan, yeh hai mera shaasanfuturistic infrastructure that will power india's growth.
pawar said he would discuss the farmers problems with the state and central governments and try to find a solution without politicising it.
by ptiwashington: the maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025, five years early, by investing in infrastructure, agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
sources said that modi could also announce a host of welfare schemes for the farmers at the rally, which comes two days before former prime minister chaudhary charan singh's birth anniversary.
chief minister devendrafadnavis said friday, the budget has given greater impetus to tackle the agrarian crisis in wake of recurring drought for the fourth consecutive year.
reiterating the decision to hike milk procurement price for farmers by re 1 from existing rs 4 to rs 5 per litre of milk, ram said the new price will come into effect from december 10.
we have made progress in opening new areas of cooperation during this visit in drug regulation, agricultural research and cyber security, modi said.
@incindia has always supported loan waivers for farmers in distress (sic), gandhi said in a series of tweets.
modi also said it was important to tackle the trade deficit with china and appreciated the simplification of regulatory procedures by the chinese side, especially for non-basmati rice, sugar, agricultural products and pharmaceuticals.
however, considering the financial burden on farmers, the government wants to ease these norms for one season.
no doubt, there was a wave for modi in 2014, but farmers are disenchanted with him now, said sugar cane grower uday vir singh, 53, plonking down on a wicker chair and smoking his hookah.
government is making all out efforts to ensure that farmers get latest seeds, required electricity, do not face any problem in market access and get right prices for their produce, modi said.
addressing the agitators, congress chief gandhi said, farmers are not asking for a reward or free gift, but only their rightful due.
yesterday, punjab chief minister park had said that he would denotify the land acquired for the sutlej-yamuna link (syl) canal and return it to farmers.
bangalore, july 25, 2013, dhns: 23:32 istchief minister siddaramaiah on thursday announced the formation of a cabinet sub-committee to suggest amendments to the forest dwellers (recognition of forest rights) act, 2006, to protect the interests of farmers who have been cultivating in forest land for many years.
by ptinew delhi: the leaders of all opposition parties stand united with farmers in ensuring their good future, congress president gandhi said on friday and called for a farm loan waiver.
punjab chief minister parkash parkashsinghbadals on monday asked the union government to constitute a high-level committee of agriculture experts to revive the agrarian economy in the state.
making a suo moto statement today in lok sabha on the trade pact clinched at the wto meeting at geneva last night, commerce minister ram said besides accepting its concerns on public stockholding, the deal by the 160-member body allows india to continue with its policy to provide minimum support price to farmers.
agriculture minister radhamohansingh said, this new variety will be released for commercial cultivation in january and will be available for sowing in the kharif 2017 season.
noting that the congress always supported the struggle of farmer, ram said that farmers in the state have been facing injustice since 1924.
all-party delegation to be taken to delhi to resolve sugar cane issuebelagavi: july 1, 2015, dhns 1:10 istthe state government will pay the sugar cane farmers after auctioning the sugar stock seized from the factories, chief minister ram has said.
(source: file photo)punjab congress chief amarindersingh said on saturday that if his party is voted to power in the 2017 assembly elections, it will work out a permanent solution for settling the farm debt so that no farmer is forced to take extreme steps like suicide.
which is why farmers are our priority, says rahul gandhi.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
gandhi said he wanted madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh to become agriculture centres in five years and provide food, fruits and vegetables to the country.
after four years in office, prime minister modi has announced his intention to give farmers msps that are at least 50 per cent above the cost (a2+fl and not c2).
