economist jean dreze in patna.
picture by nagendra kumar singh patna, oct.
1: an iit, delhi study has found that bpl families in bihar are getting less than half the quota earmarked for them as part of the public distribution system.
the institute carried out the survey on the public distribution system state of affairs in nine states, including bihar.
though the findings for bihar were not encouraging, the study found evidence of major improvements in andhra pradesh, chhattisgarh, himachal pradesh, jharkhand, orissa, rajasthan, uttar pradesh and tamil nadu.
the survey was held between may and june and covered 1,200 bpl and antyodaya families, including 144 households in nalanda and katihar districts of bihar.
this survey is neither to criticise nor to eulogise the bihar government.
we have just come up with some facts that came to the fore during the survey on the condition of the public distribution system in the state, professor jean dreze said today.
the economist, who was earlier associated with delhi school of economics and is now with allahabad university, has co-ordinated the survey along with dr reetikia khera.
during the survey, we found that bpl households in bihar are getting less than half (45 per cent) of their entitlement.
but this is much better than what it used to be five years ago, dreze said.
he, however, minced no words to say that bihar finished at the bottom of the list of states that were covered by the survey.
the public distribution system in the state is in a desperate need for a revamp.
we have found that 70 per cent of bpl households in the state skipped meals during the three months preceding the survey period.
the comparative percentage of the nine states is 22, dreze said.
of the people who skipped meals in the state, 13 per cent belonged to families who survived on rice or roti once in the evening, he added.
a bpl family is supposed to get 15kg of rice at rs 6.
7 a kg and 10kg of wheat at rs 5.
22 a kg from the public distribution system.
bihar needs to initiate some major reforms as its coupon system has failed to deliver, khera said.
the public distribution system has improved in some states as many governments have initiated reforms in the sector through de-privatisation of ration shops, doorstep delivery of grains to fair price outlets, lower issue price, regular distribution schedule, transparency and grievance rectification provision, and computerisation of records, khera said.
basant kumar mohantykiran bedinew delhi: puducherry lieutenant governor kiran bedi issued a directive on saturday saying villages must become free of open defecation by may 31 or lose their right to subsidised rice, prompting food rights activists to allege dictatorship.
late at night, bedi cited misreading of my intent and said she was withholding the order.
bedi, who visits rural areas every weekend to interact with people, saw people defecating in the open and garbage all around at mannadipet village on saturday morning, raj bhavan public relations officer j. kumaran said.
she was disappointed and has issued a directive.
the narendra modi government's swachh bharat mission aims at an open-defecation-free india by october 2019, and government officials and staff have often been accused of adopting strong-arm tactics to force people to build toilets.
over 82 per cent of rural households now have toilets but puducherry has been a laggard, with 61 per cent household coverage and 23 per cent of its rural habitations free of open defecation.
it is imperative for the local community to shoulder the onus for the swachh bharat grameen to become a reality.
rice distribution shall therefore be made conditional to the certificate that the village is open-defecation-free and free of strewn garbage and plastics, bedi's letter to the chief minister had said.
accordingly, i have issued directions to the director of civil supplies.
a notice to the villages be given for a period of four weeks till 31st may 2018 to make the villages clean.
the state government's order asked the villagers to get the certification from their mla and the commissioner of the commune panchayat.
food rights activist colin gonsalves said bedi thinks she is hitler living in a dictatorship.
he added that people would be happy to build toilets if the government provided the required support.
people who live in the governor's bungalow do not know what poverty people are living with.
economist jean dreze termed the order ridiculous and symptomatic of the authoritarian tendencies of swachh bharat.
reetika khera, who teaches economics at iit delhi, said bedi's order violated the national food security act, 2013, which guarantees subsidised food for 75 per cent of the rural population.
it's not within her powers to issue an order that violates a central law.
(swachh bharat) is a mere scheme to encourage people to set up toilets, she said.
kumaran pleaded ignorance about the legal validity of the order.
leo heller, un special rapporteur on human rights to safe drinking water and sanitation, had said in his report after an india visit in november that the poor were having their ration cards revoked in some places for failing to build toilets.
civic officials in rajasthan's pratapgarh town had in june 2017 beaten a muslim man to death when he tried to stop them clicking women defecating in the open - part of a name-and-shame drive.
in ranchi, civic officials seized the lungis of people defecating in the open, returning them only against written undertakings not to repeat the act.
the following is the clarification issued by bedi on saturday night:clarification in view of misreading of the intent of my improving the living conditions of the poor in rural areas.
the intention of my direction in linking rural open defecation and cleanliness with free rice distribution is not to deny any poor persons of their entitlement, since i have already sanctioned and directed to provide quality food grains to needy families.
and the department is already in the process of procurement and distribution.
the communication under comment is an expression of my serious intent and concern about addressing the root causes of health hazards in rural areas and compel performance of community and administrative leadership.
to avoid misreading of this intention and in view of the forthcoming commitment made by the ut government that villages in puducherry will achieve odf by june end, i am happy to give them some more time.
therefore i am withholding my earlier communications.
meanwhile the poor and needy families will be provided their entitlement as per the law made by central govt and rules framed by ut govt.
we are only compelling performance of the community and administrative leadership without denying or compromising the poor of their entitlement.
i am here to protect the interest of the poor, their food, health and environment the uppermost.
and they know it.
which is why i have been visiting the rural areas relentlessly, every weekend, for last two years.
sometimes on their invitation and other times on their need basis.
today was the 155th weekend morning round.
