bjp mp kirti azad chaired the ninth round of pakistan-india legislators and public officials dialogue along with syed naveed qamar, a current member of national assembly from sindh.
(file photo of beating retreat at wagah border) bjp mp kirti azad chaired the ninth round of pakistan-india legislators and public officials dialogue along with syed naveed qamar, a current member of national assembly from sindh.
(file photo of beating retreat at wagah border)continuing their dialogue over major issues concerning both the countries, legislators from india and pakistan, met here for the third time in last two months and agreed that the continued rise in expenditure on arms by both countries will be detrimental to the welfare of the people of the two nations.
the ninth round of pakistan-india legislators and public officials dialogue was facilitated by pakistan institute of legislative development and transparency (pildat), islamabad.
the dialogue focused on the theme of sharing of lessons on developments in poverty alleviation in india and pakistan.
due to the strained relations between the two countries and the inability to secure visa for participants to hold the conference in the sub-continent, the dialogue has been held in dubai.
while the dialogue saw overall consensus on both global and south asian success with some reduction in poverty numbers, despite complexity of measuring poverty and disagreements on successful strategies, participants believed that a major chunk of funds was being spent to meet defence needs.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) mp from darbhanga, bihar, kirti azad chaired the dialogue along with syed naveed qamar, former finance minister of pakistan and a current member of national assembly from sindh.
among others from india who attended the conference and actively participated in it were adarsh shashtri and ajay dutt, aam aadmi party (aap) mlas from delhi, mahenderjit singh malviya, congress mla from rajasthan, reetikakhera , associate professor economics, indian institute of technology delhi, sanjeev ahluwalia, advisor, observer research foundation, new delhi, vijay sardana specialist in bio-economy and agribusiness value chains and yamini aiyar, senior research fellow and director, accountability initiative, new delhi.
the pakistani delegates included dr arif alvi, member of national assembly from karachi, members of provincial assembly of punjab azma bukhari, malik muhammad ahmad khan, dr murad rass, mahtab akbar rashdi from sindh, dr nadeem ul haque, former deputy chairman, planning commission of pakistan ahmed bilal mehboob, president, pildat and aasiya riaz, joint director, pildat.
the participants highlighted that acceleration in economic growth on a sustained basis is an important policy objective for poverty reduction.
for this policy and reform, the two countries must introduce reforms in institutions of governance.
participants from india highlighted a number of social safety net programmes, including the public distribution system, that have helped alleviate poverty in india adding that success also needs to be based on equitable and sustained growth and the inclusion of stakeholders other than government.
while pakistani participants showcased economic growth and role of remittances from workers abroad, they also cited some success emanating from targeted-subsidy programmes in reducing poverty.
it was said that such programmes help immediate needs but for longer-term impact, job creation and equal opportunities are also critical.
participants also underscored that in order to gain greater benefits of remittances, focus must also be placed on improvements in education and vocational training.
the dialogue also recognised with concern the growing gap in rich and poor segments of society both in pakistan and india.
comprehensive poverty alleviation strategies must also focus on reducing inequality within society in both countries, the statement issued at the end of the dialogue said.
participants highlighted exclusion of the poor in planning as well as in prioritising development schemes.
there needs to be an increased focus on expenditures by governments in housing, public health, public education and in other social sectors, the statement added.
highlighting food security as a critical looming challenge for pakistan and india, dialogue participants emphasised that both countries must focus on revamping agricultural growth policies that are farmer-friendly and incentivise them as key stakeholders.
participants underscored that dialogue provides the best forum to share such good practices.
while commending pildats efforts in conceptualising, designing and facilitating dialogue and interaction between pakistan and india, dialogue participants advised pildat to continue the dialogue on relevant themes in the future as well.
the centres proposed one nation, one ration card scheme has kicked up a controversy in tamil nadu, with political parties and subject experts raising concern at the possible threat that a single national ration scheme will derail the states universal public distribution system (pds), arguably one of the best pds models in the world.
advertisingwhile political leaders in the state have their own fears  like they had with the national food security act (nfsa) five years ago  experts have also raised concern in the national schemes implementation, as the centre has announced that it will be rolled out within a year even as there is lack of information about the exact plan and lack of consultation with the stakeholders.
strongly opposing the scheme by calling it anti-constitutional, dmk president m k stalin said the attempt to roll it out immediately is unilateral autocracy.
indicating that this is an attack on indias federal structure, stalin pointed out that pds is a state subject.
read | dmk opposes centres one nation, one ration card schemeadvertisingtamil nadus food and civil supplies minister r kamaraj was careful in his reply to the assembly, promising that the state will implement it only after scrutinising all aspects.
the centres ambitious plan to bring the entire system under a single network is expected to help a large number of migrant workers, who travel constantly and work in faraway places.
explained what the state gives, how it refills stock whoever has a ration card in tamil nadu is eligible for 20kg free rice every month, unlike a price  rs 3  being charged per kg rice in states that have implemented national food security act.
while the state is not self-sufficient in grain, it has developed a mechanism to draw more from the central pool to run an efficient pds system.
whenever the central pool is flooded with stock over the usual quota allotted for states, they sell it in open market at a slightly higher price for states that need extra supply.
a senior official at the state civil supplies and consumer protection department said, our limited knowledge is that a ration card provided to citizens under one nation, one ration card scheme can be used by the beneficiary in any ration shop in the country.
the official said it remains unclear who will bear the cost for ration supplied to people from other states when pds is a state subject.
we already face a huge financial burden to run an effective universal (pds) scheme.
if the demand increases further (to cater to workers from other states), will the centre bear that additional cost?
or will the state eventually be forced to scrap universal system, the official asked.
tamil nadus pds scheme serves 1.
99 crore ration card-holders.
read | govt to launch one nation one ration card, access to ration shop anywhere in the countrya state government official said the centre has given the states and union territories time until june 30, 2020 to implement the national scheme.
referring to union food and public distribution minister ram vilas paswans statement that no poor person will be deprived of pds entitlement even if he/she relocates to another place, reetikakhera , associate professor at iim-ahmedabad and an economist with expertise in public distribution system, said the rationale for this system with portability of ration cards is that it will be convenient for migrant workers.
most migrants do not go with their family to another place and leave their ration card with their families, she said.
portability is not so useful for them in such a scenario.
for migrants, it would be much better to expand community kitchens such as amma canteens (a successful initiative under late tamil nadu cm j jayalalithaa) and indira canteens (a similar food subsidisation programme run by karnataka government).
khera also pointed out that the chhattisgarh governments experiment with portability a few years ago was not expanded beyond some areas.
when portability did not get scaled up within the state, should we try inter-state portability, she asked.
for portability, khera said, the government needs to rejig its supply chain management for pds outlets.
if ration is allocated only for local residents, and migrants or people from neighbouring areas show up, there is a risk that ration supplies run out before local residents can buy, she said.
j jayaranjan, director of the institute for development alternatives, who specialises in tamil nadus food sector, noted that pds coverage of states that follow the national food security act is only 70 per cent of rural population and 50 per cent urban population.
tamil nadus universal pds scheme covers 95 per cent rural population and 70 per cent urban population.
tamil nadu has a large number of migrant workers from north and north-eastern states, he said.
advertisingjayaranjan asked: when you cannot have two kinds of pds in a state, what will happen to the free rice scheme under tamil nadus universal pds model once portability is implemented?
who will bear the cost of supply for additional (ration) cards?
or will the states free rice schemes be changed?
there are many such confusions.
b'the july-september quarter witnessed 45.
82 crore person-days of employment generated under mgnrega.
this was the highest for the quarter in the last five years.
the july-september quarter witnessed 45.
82 crore person-days of employment generated under mgnrega.
this was the highest for the quarter in the last five years.
the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme, the flagship welfare programme of the previous upa government, appears to be staging a revival of sorts.
and this turnaround is being attributed mainly to better monitoring by the centre and timely release of funds.
the july-september quarter witnessed 45.
82 crore person-days of employment generated under mgnrega.
this was the highest for the quarter in the last five years.
it was more than even the 42.
40 crore person-days during july-september 2012, which also happened to be a not-so-good monsoon year, rural development ministry officials told the indian express.
according to officials, the last quarter (october-december), too, posted a similar trend.
in october alone, we provided 14.
09 crore person-days employment, a record for the month.
the data for the entire quarter is still being uploaded in our mis (management information system) portal, but our expectation of the total person-days of work during october-december is 47 crore.
that will again be a five-year-high for the quarter, they said.
the seeming revival over the last two quarters reverses the trend of declining employment under mgnrega seen during the first year of the modi government.
share this article related article poll-bound up, uttarakhand, punjab see nrega work risepoll-bound up, uttarakhand, punjab see nrega work rise mgnrega 2.
0: modi to spend a record rs 60,000 crore on what was upa flagship schememgnrega 2.
0: modi to spend a record rs 60,000 crore on what was upa flagship scheme poll-bound states report surge in mgnrega job numberspoll-bound states report surge in mgnrega job numbers budget 2016: upas flagship mgnrega receives a fresh lease of lifebudget 2016: upas flagship mgnrega receives a fresh lease of life flagship scheme mgnrega: sustainability of a turnaroundflagship scheme mgnrega: sustainability of a turnaround mgnrega messagein 2014-15, the programme  which provides 100 days of guaranteed wage employment in a year to every rural household whose adult members volunteer to do unskilled manual work  generated only 166.
32 crore person-days employment, compared to 221.
15 crore and 230.
33 crore in the preceding two fiscals and the peak 283.
59 crore achieved in 2009-10 (a drought year).
also, the average days of employment provided per household dropped to 40.
17 in 2014-15, from 45.
98 in 2013-14, 46.
19 in 2012-13 and 53.
19 days in the best performance year of 2009-10.
this year, we have already done 37.
5 days, which should cross 50 by march-end, the officials claimed.
they attributed the better numbers this year mainly to better monitoring by the centre and timely release of funds.
in 2014-15, most states, including those implementing the programme well, ran out of funds by october.
when supply of funds dried up, leading to delayed payment of wages, there was less demand from the gram panchayats as well to take up works even in a drought year, the officials admitted.
that has changed this year, with the proportion of delayed payments  i.
e.
beyond 15 days after the closure of muster rolls  falling to 53 per cent from 72 per cent in 2014-15.
development economists pointed out that mgnregas apparent turnaround in the last two quarters was a result of political and civil society pressure, forcing the government to release funds.
the increased person-days employment numbers dispels the myth of low demand for work.
the truth is that mgnrega had increasingly become supply-driven, though it is in spirit and letter demand-driven.
incidentally, of the 137 crore person-days mgnrega employment generated so far in 2015-16 (based on latest uploaded data), more than half has been accounted for by five states: tamil nadu (24.
9 crore), andhra pradesh (14.
6 crore), rajasthan (14.
3 crore), west bengal (13.
6 crore) and uttar pradesh (10.
9 crore).
on the other hand, the states worst affected by drought  maharashtra (4.
5 crore), karnataka (2.
5 crore) or even madhya pradesh (6.
6 crore) and chhattisgarh (3.
7 crore)  havent registered any significant uptake in mgnrega works.
we have now moved to linking fund releases to performance, measured in terms of both person-days generation and quality of asset creation.
the states doing well on these counts will get mgnrega money, which will otherwise simply be parked for earning interest, officials said.
congress pointed out that supreme court had ruled the aadhaar card was not mandatory.
(representational) congress pointed out that supreme court had ruled the aadhaar card was not mandatory.
(representational)opposition parties and rights activists on sunday slammed the government for linking the school midday meal scheme to the aadhaar card.
they demanded withdrawal of the move, saying the order would deprive thousands of poor children.
this decision is against humanity, and against the countrys future.
this decision deprives children from the benefits of the midday meal scheme.
the government should not snatch food from the plates of children, congress spokesperson bhatka charan das told an aicc briefing.
he said the supreme court had ruled the aadhaar card was not mandatory.
what is the governments intention behind such a decision?
around 10 crore children do not have aadhaar cards.
the government should show some sensitivity, he said.
the human resource development ministry recently issued a notification that told students and cook-cum-helpers attached to the midday meal scheme to get enrolled for aadhaar.
they have time till june 30.
ministry officials said this was for improving efficiency and transparency.
the trinamool congress said it would raise the matter in parliament.
its leader in the rajya sabha, derek obrien, on sunday said he would give a notice for a discussion on the first day of the second phase of the budget session on march 9.
watch what else is making newskerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan said in a statement that the centres decision was absurd .
the decision is aimed at ensuring transparency and effectiveness.
the noon meal is given to children studying in schools.
to ensure transparency and efficiency, why is there a need for aadhaar?
he asked.
activists associated with the right to food campaign have issued a statement that said: the right to food campaign strongly opposes the central governments move to make aadhaar compulsory for children under the midday meal scheme in government schools.
this is nothing but an attempt to coerce people to enrol their children under aadhaar.
it said numerous studies had shown that indias midday meal scheme has made an important contribution to higher school attendance, better child nutrition and more effective learning.
reetika khera, an associate professor for economics at iit delhi, said: we are concerned as in the midday meal scheme there is no role for aadhaar.
it is quite mindless in that sense.
the notification is only about enrolment in the aadhaar database.
she added: aadhaar was supposed to be voluntary, based on informed consent.
it is particularly serious that this is being done in the case of children as they will be subject to life-long tracking without an option to opt-out later.
lawyer and rights activist colin gonsalves said the governments notification was an attempt to cut down spending in several welfare schemes.
they dont want to spend money on the poor.
after assuming charge, the pm slashed social spending on health and education by 20 per cent.
national maternity scheme benefits have not been paid to beneficiaries for three years.
in the midday meal scheme too they want to cut spending by 30 per cent.
this move is in that direction, he said.
b'of late,there has been much public debate around the effectiveness of the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act (mgnrega),particularly on its targeting of the poor and the socioeconomic profile of its beneficiaries (most notably in this newspaper).
it is important to look at these claims closely,not as much to counter them but as to present the real picture that has been undermined by often-unsubstantiated criticism.
to begin with,it is important to keep in mind that the fundamental design of mgnrega is based on universalisation,that is,any rural household,irrespective of caste,economic status etc,whose adult members are willing to do unskilled manual work,is eligible for work under the programme for up to 100 days a year.
the thinking is that this built-in self-targeting mechanism makes the programme relatively more attractive to the most poor and marginalised.
in this article,we analyse whether this targeting is being achieved.
overall,available credible evidence,including from the nsso,undp and many other independent studies,suggests that mgnrega does a fairly successful job of targeting the poorest and the most vulnerable.
as per the 2009-10 national sample survey office report on employment,it is the poor who are benefiting more from mgnrega.
dutta et al (2012),while analysing the nsso data,note that the participation rate  that is,the share of households working on mgnrega  is much higher among the poor; 34 per cent of people in the poorest quintile (bottom 20 per cent households) benefited from mgnrega,versus 14 per cent in the richest quintile (top 20 per cent).
in fact,nearly three-quarters of workers are from the poorest 60 per cent of households.
field studies at the micro level find the same trend  a study conducted in uttar pradesh by iim-lucknow found that around 85 per cent of the schemes beneficiaries were from below poverty line (bpl) families.
the nsso data does note that some households with higher monthly per capita expenditure (mpce) participate in the scheme,as mentioned above.
however,these are far fewer and could possibly reflect households who have been affected by recent economic shocks.
it is also useful to note what well off means in the rural indian context  a person on the 60th percentile in rural india has a mpce of rs 1,001,as per nssos 66th round in 2009-10,very far from any notion of well off that we may have.
in terms of mgnrega reaching the marginalised and most vulnerable groups,the evidence is again encouraging.
for example,according to the mgnrega mis,the participation rate of scs and sts in mgnrega is consistently over 40 per cent and far exceeds their share in the population.
a panel survey on mgnrega conducted by nsso between 2009-11 in the three states of andhra pradesh,madhya pradesh and rajasthan finds that more than 90 per cent of the beneficiaries of mgnrega belonged to sc,st and obc households.
dutta et al corroborate this finding.
they find that the average participation rate of scs,sts and obcs exceeds the participation rate of others by 12.
4 per cent,though there are inter-state variations.
the evidence on inclusion goes beyond this as well.
a survey led by reetikakhera and jean dreze,conducted in six states,found that 81 per cent of mgnrega workers lived in kachcha houses and 72 per cent had no electricity at home.
the cag report on mgnrega,which is going to be tabled in parliament shortly,may well provide further evidence that mgnrega is effectively reaching the most marginalised sections of rural india.
the evidence on the participation of women,another key marginalised group,is possibly even more conclusive.
the participation rate of women in mgnrega has consistently been around 50 per cent.
in fact,the participation rate of women in mgnrega in 2009-10 (48 per cent) was more than double their participation in the casual labour market (23 per cent),based on nsso data.
clearly,mgnrega is providing employment to women who would otherwise not have participated in the labour market.
this is not to say that inclusion and provision of employment under mgnrega cannot be improved.
there is evidence of rationing in mgnrega,that is,unmet demand and denial of employment,especially in the poorer states,which limits the benefits of the scheme.
this is a complex issue that arises due to low awareness among beneficiaries,lower state capacity and weaker local government institutions in these states,and must be addressed.
the mgnrega 2.
0 agenda attempts to address some of these concerns by,for example,better and more timely labour budgeting to estimate the quantum and timing of works,availability of professional human resources (for example,dedicated cluster facilitation teams),and building capacity of panchayati raj institutions.
so while a lot more needs to be done,there is enough evidence to suggest that contrary to perception in certain quarters,mgnrega has been fairly successful in reaching the poor and the most marginalised in rural india.
b'villagers of belatikri under lalgargh ps queue at a ration shop for rice at rs 2 per kg on sunday.
(source: express photo by partha paul.
jhargram) villagers of belatikri under lalgargh ps queue at a ration shop for rice at rs 2 per kg on sunday.
(source: express photo by partha paul.
jhargram)food security activists and economists have expressed concern at the exclusion of thousands of pds beneficiaries in rajasthan owing to glitches in the aadhaar enabled electronic point of sale (epos) device.
the aadhaar enabled epos is dealing a double blow to the states public distribution system, leaving out beneficiaries owing to glitches in the epos machine, and not being able to check quantity fraud, activists maintain.
the rajasthan government, however, has said the states record has been exemplary in making the transition from the older ration card-based system to the one based on biometric identification using aadhaar.
interestingly, subodh agarwal, principal secretary (food and civil supplies) cited rajasthans aadhaar epos experiment as a best practice at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
rajasthans experience has been exemplary due to the speed at which we have done aadhaar seeding, national food security act sanitisation as well as epos installations, he told the indian express.
in a letter to union food and public distribution minister ram vilas paswan, activists and economists, including jean drze, reetikakhera , nikhil dey and anjali bharadwaj, have sought to draw the governments attention to the danger of inappropriate technologies for pds in states like rajasthan and jharkhand.
according to data obtained from rajasthan governments official portal, only 64 per cent beneficiaries were getting their ration through the aadhaar enabled epos system in august.
the remaining 36 per cent are vulnerable to exclusion owing to glitches in the machines, allege activists.
while the number of beneficiaries has seen an increase  from 44.
6 per cent in may to 64 per cent in august  activists say the numbers still present a bleak picture.
a 62 per cent success rate (july) is disastrous.
in rural areas at least, hardly anyone foregoes their rations.
we dont know what is happening to the remaining 38 per cent.
there is no clarity about a manual override facility, that is if the machine fails you, the dealer can revert to old-style register-based sales.
in any case, dealers have no incentive to tell people about.
are the 38 per cent aware of the manual override facility, or are they being cheated?
said economist reetika khera.
the new technology has possibly dealt a double blow  quantity theft continues as before; plus for 38 per cent, they may get it if they know about the possibility of register based sales, or not at all if they are unaware of this option, she said.
however, the state government says the system cannot result in exclusion.
we are not saying that epos machines cover 100 per cent beneficiaries.
but those who cant get their ration from epos due to some technical glitches, can always get it from the manual system, subodh agarwal, principal secretary (food and civil supplies), told the indian express.
and the system is slowly picking up.
if we have reached over 62 per cent from 44 per cent in may, then that is an achievement, he said.
aas mohammad, a fair price shop operator in tijara, alwar, said all sales at his shop were being made using epos machines.
if the machine fails to identify them, they have to come again.
we have stopped selling through registers, he said.
