;;0.0;;the cm (devendra fadnavis) and other bjp leaders have a political relation with maharashtra.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, however, has often stated that carving smaller states out of maharashtra is not on the agenda of his government.
;;0.5267;;also read: maharashtra cm only cares about destroying shiv sena: uddhav thackerayyou easily forgot these promises.
;;0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a three-nation tour, on saturday set the ball rolling for two mega projects  the mumbai-pune hyperloop, and setting up of advanced data centres in mumbai.
;;-0.2023;;fadnavis visited the test-site of virgin hyperloop one in nevada, in the united states and met the companys ceo and board member, rob lloyd.
;;0.0;;during the meeting with the ceo, fadnavis discussed the feasibility of fast-tracking the deployment roadmap.
;;0.7003;;meanwhile, safra catz, ceo of technology major oracle corp agreed to start advanced data centres in mumbai and requested fadnavis to help facilitate and fast-track investment in data centres, a statement from cmo said.
;;0.4019;;in a bid to boost the cyber policing in maharashtra, fadnavis also met the ceo of symantec, greg clark in san francisco and signed a mou for cybersecurity.
;;0.6369;;fadnavis warned all banks to pull up their socks, sort out the disbursements, and draw up an effective plan to hand out crop loans for the new kharif season.
;;-0.7906;;referring to complaints received by the state government about lack of cooperation from banks, the cm accused financial institutions of being indifferent.
;;-0.7096;;the cm also expressed his dismay over poor disbursement of crop loans by banks.
;;0.128;;they need to take proactive measures, such as hold loan melas, to reach out to needy farmers and achieve their loan targets, fadnavis suggested.
;;0.4404;;indiaupdated: sep 05, 2019 14:24 istnationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawars grandnephew rohit pawar garnered praise from rivals shiv sena, through their mouthpiece saamana, when the young politician defended sharad pawar against home minister amit shahs remarks that the ncp had done nothing to address maharashtras agrarian distress.
;;-0.4404;;home minister amit shah while addressing the public during the second leg of the mahajanadesh yatra, launched on august 1 by chief minister devendrafadnavis , attacked ncp chief sharad pawar questioning his contribution in providing financial aid to farmers in maharashtra when the latter was a minister in the erstwhile upa government at the centre.
;;-0.3919;;the editorial also said, according to chief minister fadnavis, the ncp will cease to exist soon and only sharad pawar, ajit pawar and supriya sule will remain, but a fourth pawar has responded to the bjps charges.
;;0.6597;;he even praised pawar as a repository of experience and said it was his responsibility to reach out to the ncp chief from time to time for advice on certain issues.
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday inaugurated the 19-day mumbai shopping festival.
;;0.7717;;you have created a brand of mumbai, said fadnavis, adding like ganpati, this festival will also capture the imagination of people from across the globe.
;;-0.5994;;the death toll in kerala rains has climbed to 22, said chief minister pinarayi vijayan .
;;0.0;;chief minister k palaniswami said the incessant rains had resulted in flood and landslides, adding avalanchi in the district recorded 911 mm rainfall on thursday.
;;0.0;;an official from fadnavis office has said at present the discharge from the dam on the krishna river in bijapur district of neighbouring karnataka was 4,50,000 cusecs (cubic foot per second).
;;-0.2263;;the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;-0.8176;;1:20 pm ist no need to panic: kerala cm despite heavy rainfall in most parts of the state, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on friday assured the people that there was no need to panic.
;;0.4019;;12:01 pm ist maharashtra cm conducts aerial survey maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis conducted an aerial survey flood affected districts and held a on review meeting in kolhapur on thursday, following which more central teams have been mobilised for rescue operations in the state.
;;-0.8387;;1:33 am ist kerala cm confirms 24 deaths after the review meet, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan addressed the media and confirmed that 24 people have died so far in disaster hit state.
;;0.0;;chief minister pinarayi vijayans review meet is underway.
;;0.4767;;im monitoring the situation closely & have spoken to the kerala cm and key govt officials to expedite relief, he tweeted.
;;0.4767;;im monitoring the situation closely & have spoken to the kerala cm and key govt officials to expedite relief.
;;0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday hinted that the government may revoke the suspension of 19 mlas from the opposition, who were expelled till december 31 for creating a ruckus in the assembly during the state finance ministers speech.
;;0.6486;;to ensure the smooth functioning of the assembly, senior ncp leader and mlc sunil tatkare, congress leader narayan rane and peasants and workers party of india (pwp) leader jayant patil asked the chief minister to revoke the suspension.
;;0.4019;;municipal commissioner has more powers than the ruling party and he reports to urban development department headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra is personally supervising mega infrastructure projects such as seven new metro routes, developing an international finance centre, building a sealink to connect mumbai with the mainland and the coastal road on mumbais west coast.
;;0.4019;;trains, flights and road transport have been hampered and the government has declared a holiday on tuesday with chief minister devendrafadnavis urging people to stay indoors.
;;0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday promised full support and security to resident doctors who have been striking following a string of attacks by relatives of patients.
;;0.34;;fadnavis gave the assurance in a meeting with representatives of the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard).
;;-0.6908;;they even ignored state medical education minister girish mahajans warning to resume work by wednesday evening or face six month salary cut after which fadnavis decided to intervene in the matter on thursday.
;;0.5106;;the cm also promised to form a legal cell that will provide free legal aid in cases of assaults against doctors, said a senior official, who attended the meeting.
;;-0.743;;a day before mumbai goes to polls, the shiv sena took one last potshot at chief minister devendrafadnavis , calling him a liar, and taunting him for the poor turnout at his pune rally as evidence of him steadily losing support.
;;0.4767;;the states honourable chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6808;;his chief ministership is safe only on the back of the shiv sena, the party said in an editorial in saamana.
;;0.7964;;the party further taunted fadnavis saying if the shiv sena decides to withdraw support, the chief minister will not even have the goodwill and support of the public, as was and evident in his rallies in nashik and pune.
;;-0.8074;;the party also criticised the chief minister for threatening to open the lid on corruption scandals, saying if thats the case, fadnavis will have to expose his own cabinet of ministers first.
;;-0.3291;;but because there has been no actual work, wherever the chief minister goes he is greeted by lines of empty chairs, the sena said.
;;0.0;;*chief minister devendrafadnavis has advised the people to stay indoors in view of the rains.
;;-0.8555;;that has added insult to injury as farmers were already angry with chief minister devendrafadnavis for what they believed was him taking them for a ride.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis had steadfastly refused to waive off loans of farmers and even a day before the strike got underway, he had been tough in stating if they stopped the supplies of milk and vegetables, the government could always bring these from neighbouring states.
;;-0.2263;;the protests by the dominant community that makes up 32  of maharashtras population had rattled the chief minister devendrafadnavis , even as rumours about his ouster started making rounds in political circles.
;;-0.296;;a copy of the complaint has also been sent to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and mumbai commissioner of police.
;;0.2263;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a review of the controversial open space policy, which was passed in the general body meeting of the civic body, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has now sought to reopen the same for discussion.
;;0.4939;;read more: fadnavis intervenes to save mumbais open spacessatam has said the policy was not citizen-friendly and the views of the citizens needed to be incorporated.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday kick started multiple road and infrastructure project works on the thane-belapur road, including two flyovers and an underpass.
;;0.0;;moreover, fadnavis also performed the bhoomipujan for the airolikatai naka elevated road project and tunnel work in navi mumbai.
;;0.0;;following this, fadnavis held a public meeting in the midc area, along the airoli road.
;;-0.1027;;if mahajan, a close aide of chief minister devendrafadnavis is to be taken seriously, it would be mean that two-thirds of the 83 congress-ncp mlas want out.
;;-0.3182;;over the last few weeks, the ncp has lost five of its legislators, its mumbai city chief and womens wing chief to bjp-sena.
;;0.0;;the history of states turncoat politics is closely linked to the ncp chief.
;;0.9022;;the narendra modi government is ready with an elaborate plan to celebrate a festival of democracy between may 26 and june 15 that will see chief ministers of all the bjp-ruled states travelling to those areas where the party is not in power to mark its third anniversary in power.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis will be in kerala, haryana chief minister manohar lal in telangana, assam cm sarbananda sonowal in tripura and madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan in odisha.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and three others escaped unhurt after a helicopter carrying them crash-landed soon after it took off from a helipad at nilanga in latur district of central maharashtra.
;;0.2732;;the cm had gone to latur to participate in bjps farmer outreach programme, with principal secretary pravin pardeshi and staff abimanyu pawar and ketan pathak.
;;0.0;;the cm has called for a detailed probe into the incident, said ketan pathak, officer on special-duty (osd) with the cmo.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) may 25, 2017the dgca released a statement about the incident:  maharashtra govt sikorsky helicopter vt-cmm took off from nilanda se of latur at 1200 hrs.
;;0.0;;honble cm of maharashtra was also on board.
;;0.2732;;spoke to commander of the flight as well as honble cm.
;;0.4215;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray called up fadnavis in latur to inquire about his health and safety.
;;-0.4019;;more recently, thackeray has been directly taking on fadnavis by criticising his pet policies and projects.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, just before leaving for mumbai, had a dialogue with villagers from halgara village in nilanga taluka of latur.
;;0.0;;but since we do not have 40 days to just get approvals, chief minister devendrafadnavis will intervene [in this matter].
;;-0.5267;;a day before mumbai goes to polls, the shiv sena alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis violated the poll code of conduct and misused his official position as he gave media interviews after the last date for campaigning.
;;-0.3182;;the party took its complaint to the state election commission (sec) and said it would approach the courts if the sec fails to take action against the cm.
;;-0.743;;the sena, which has been directly targeting fadnavis during campaigning, took one last shot at the cm, calling him a liar and taunting him for the poor turnout at his pune rally, calling it an evidence of him steadily losing support.
;;0.4767;;the states honourable chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4404;;his chief ministership is safe only on the back of the shiv sena.
;;0.7964;;the party further taunted fadnavis saying if the shiv sena decides to withdraw support, the chief minister will not even have the goodwill and support of the public, as was and evident in his rallies in nashik and pune.
;;-0.3291;;but because there has been no actual work, wherever the chief minister goes he is greeted by lines of empty chairs, the sena said.
;;0.4404;;the msp for tur should be increased to rs 6,000 per quintal in 2017 and rs 7,000 per quintal in 2018, a government committee headed by chief economic adviser arvind subramanian recommended in september 2016.
;;-0.0129;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has been reluctant to do so, but with his governments coalition partner, the shiv sena, and other parties preparing for a political agitation, he may find it hard to exercise fiscal prudence.
;;0.4767;;the list of the candidates was released in the early hours of friday after chief minister devendrafadnavis gave his final approval to it.
;;0.0;;the next generation candidates who got tickets include member of parliament (mp) kirit somaiyas son neel, legislator raj purohits son akash, minister vidya thakurs son dipak thakur, city unit chief ashish shelars brother vinod shelar among others.
;;-0.8625;;a day after violence claimed one life at bhima koregaon in pune district and left four others injured, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a judicial probe into the incident by a sitting high court judge, as well as a cid inquiry into the death.
;;-0.2732;;the cm also warned that strict action would be taken against those who spread rumours.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis passed the order on june 13.
;;-0.4215;;ht tried contacting fadnavis through sms, but there was no response.
;;0.56;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday took potshots at congress president rahul gandhi, saying his speeches have high humour quotient and he need not be taken seriously.
;;-0.6369;;upset with an unstable career and lack of marriage prospects, a 35-year-old man wrote to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office seeking permission for euthanasia.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis continued to remain silent regarding farm loan waivers, an issue that has stalled the state legislative assemblys budget proceedings.
;;0.5719;;fadnavis shared the dais with prominent ncp leaders such former deputy chief minister ajit pawar, former finance minister jayant patil and vijaysinh mohite-patil.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a judicial inquiry into the pune incident.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said that the government had brought around 12.
;;0.0;;had it not been for various micro initiatives under the jalyukta shivar, the irrigation plan would have required rs30,000 crore, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the cm lauded ngos for contributing rs560 crore towards micro irrigation projects at the village level under the scheme.
;;0.0;;fadnavis added that farmer should not blindly opt for water-intensive cash crops such as sugarcane.
;;0.6597;;indiaupdated: jul 31, 2019 14:53 ista day before the bharatiya janata party (bjp) flags of the chief minister devendrafadnavis pre poll statewide mahajanadesh yatra, four opposition legislators and other senior leaders joined the party.
;;0.0;;the induction of these senior leaders was timed ahead of the chief minister fadnavis 24-day tour to sound off the election bugle by the bjp.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis on a lighter note said, we are smart.
;;0.4019;;hours after the sena filed wangas nomination, chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president raosaheb danve held a press conference inducting gavit into their party, and announced his candidature for the seat.
;;-0.3252;;the shiv sena should not have behaved liked this, said a visibly miffed fadnavis at the press conference in the bjp office in nariman point.
;;0.9136;;but while the sena is the winner in this contest, the man of the match, as it were, would be chief minister devendrafadnavis , whose fearlessness in breaking an old partnership and relentless campaigning has seen his party swell its influence manifold.
;;0.0;;former congressman and leader of opposition in maharashtra radhakrishna vikhe patil joined the cabinet of chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday.
;;0.0;;the bjps mumbai chief ashish shelar also took oath as a minister.
;;0.3182;;also read: to accommodate senior leaders, fadnavis to expand cabinet on sundayassembly election in maharashtra are due later this year.
;;0.0;;majority of the leaders, whom ht spoke to said that the final call still rested with chief minister devendrafadnavis and thackeray.
;;0.0;;there is a likelihood of cm speaking to thackeray on thursday.
;;0.4767;;the alliance can be closed at 105 seats but now all rests with how sena chief wants to play this, he added.
;;0.0;;soon after, on friday bjp will hold its own rally led by fadnavis at the same venue.
;;0.5423;;bjp, playing catch up after sena released its social media campaign a day earlier, also issued posters on occasion of national voters day that headlined fadnavis and prime minister narendra modi with party president amit shah, state president raosaheb danve and city unit chief asish shelar also featuring in the background.
;;-0.8271;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (cm) on tuesday announced a high-level probe into the wall collapse incident at kurar, where 22 people were killed.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was replying to a debate on the monsoon situation in mumbai and other parts of the state after the opposition raised the issue in both houses of the state legislature.
;;-0.8481;;cm visits disaster control roomthe cm also visited bmcs disaster management control room, to take stock of the situation in mumbai.
;;0.1406;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has been blaming the opposition parties for the fiasco but what he is unable to voice is the fact there is much internal strife within the bjp as well that compelled him to backtrack and eat his own words on loan waivers.
;;0.0;;we were asked to first speak to water resources minister girish mahajan and then chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;0.4019;;sounding the bugle for 2019 elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday urged party workers to start preparing for polls as they were headed for a scenario where it was likely to be all-parties versus the bjp.
;;0.5574;;while the cm did not directly talk about the alliance, he indicated that the party should be prepared to contest polls with or without its ally shiv sena.
;;0.7322;;if all parties come together against us, then there is a need to enter the poll arena with even more preparation and strength, said fadnavis at the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) state executive meeting in dadar.
;;0.1091;;a straight dialogue and connect with voters is an ideal way to counter this negativity, added fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis added he would set up a committee of government officials, which will have farmers representatives, to work out details of the loan waiver.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also has called a meeting of bjp ministers late in the evening to discuss the situation.
;;-0.395;;fadnavis has even explored the option of assistance by the centre but the latter is not keen.
;;0.0;;through video from here, the pm addressed the event in which maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , bjp mp poonam mahajan and bollywood star katrina kaif were present among others.
;;0.8442;;the speculation of plan b has also gained ground because a section within the bjp including chief minister devendrafadnavis feels that the party can win the polls solo.
;;0.8176;;however, fadnavis as well as party top brass is in favour of the alliance.
;;-0.128;;these were formulated by the previous congress government; all that chief minister devendrafadnavis is doing is either laying foundation stones or cutting ribbons for projects started or completed by the congress.
;;-0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday appointed a high-powered ministerial group to hold discussions with farmers outfits staging agitations for a farm loan waiver and protection against falling prices of agricultural produce.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has now responded to the farmers outfits and immediately opened a channel for talks with them.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis and patil appealed to farmers to participate in the talks to work out a solution.
;;0.0;;he said the entire procedure will be completed before october 31 as announced by the cm.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the government will change the law to bring in stringent measures to make marathi a compulsory subject in all non-state board schools.
;;0.6597;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday inducted thirteen new faces in his cabinet; including ten from the bharatiya janata party, two from shiv sena and one from the republican party of india (rpi).
;;0.0;;several new ministers are also seen to be close to fadnavis.
;;0.1027;;it was done by cm fadnavis and cleared by national president amit shah.
;;0.6908;;the bjp led by chief minister devendrafadnavis has clearly consolidated the gains of the 2014 assembly elections in maharashtra, once seen as a bastion of the congress, moving from number four to number one.
;;-0.7964;;an upset munde announced that she had sent her resignation to cm fadnavis owning up for the failure.
;;0.0;;the action taken by the fadnavis government to rein in district banks and cooperative societies did not go against the bjp.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis maiden attempt to interact with the citizens through a tv show, got good response with 20,392 farmers asking questions on various aspects of farming through whatsapp texts and emails.
;;0.0;;the programme mee mukhyamantri boltoy (this is chief minister speaking), recorded on monday, will be on air on sunday on sahyadri and few other marathi news channels in two parts.
;;0.0;;a farmer who attended the recording said, there were 5 to 6 questions related to laon waiver, but the cm had nothing new to say.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while in dubai for the weekend, held discussions regarding the project with sheikh mohammed bin juma al maktoum, the chairman of the mbm group.
;;0.4404;;according to the cm, there is another company, dp world, that intends to work with the state government on multi-modal logistics parks in maharashtra, particularly in nagpur, for better port connectivity.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also met thumbay moideen, the founder-president of the thumbay group, which runs a network of healthcare facilities and a medical university in the gulf.
;;0.4019;;the bjps state unit confirmed that he would be joining the party in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.765;;chief minister devendrafadnavis faced another chopper scare on thursday at mira road as the pilot reportedly spotted a video cable lying on the helipad temporarily constructed for the landing of the chopper.
;;0.4019;;the chopper carrying fadnavis along with union transport minister nitin gadkari, revenue minister chandrakant patil and mumbai bharatiya janata party (bjp) chief ashish shelar landed at another spot.
;;-0.6808;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said those who were imprisoned during the emergency will be provided pension and a citation.
;;-0.3612;;however, fadnavis rejected the demand for an increase in the pension amount, saying, if needed, it would be considered in future.
;;0.0;;chief minister (cm) devendrafadnavis on saturday held a joint review meeting with union housing minister hardeep singh puri and railway minister piyush goyal to discuss housing schemes in maharashtra.
;;0.7845;;the cm assured [developers] that the state government would ensure coordination among various departments and make the process of getting permissions easier.
;;0.6124;;speaking during a debate on mumbais housing issues, fadnavis on friday had told the state assembly that the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) and slum rehabilitation authority (sra) have been asked to adopt the civic bodys pattern  which focuses on giving time-bound permissions  while clearing projects.
;;0.4019;;as such, chief minister devendrafadnavis has lobbed the ball to the central government, seeking its help to write off the loans taken by the farmers from various institutions.
;;-0.1536;;however, ministers in fadnavis government are not hopeful that the centre will accept the demand.
;;-0.128;;in the days to come, the demand for loan waiver will get louder as the opposition will try to corner the fadnavis government on the issue.
;;-0.193;;fadnavis has been repeatedly pointing out that the loan waiver is not a solution to the farmers problems and a better idea is to invest in building agricultural infrastructure.
;;-0.4404;;following which, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the statement.
;;0.0258;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative council that the government along with the brihamumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is preparing a policy to tackle the matter.
;;-0.886;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ordered an in-depth inquiry into the pune wall collapse that killed at least 15 labourers including 4 children and a woman, authorities hinted several irregularities and inferior construction was likely behind the incident.
;;0.0;;following orders from chief minister, pune district collector naval kishore ram constituted a five member committee to probe the incident.
;;-0.8834;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced compensation for families of three school students who lost their lives in the dahanu boat tragedy and for the family of a 14-year-old dalit girl who died on her way back from the sadbhavana rally in sangli.
;;0.0;;fadnavis left for davos on saturday as part of the prime ministers delegation for the economic summit.
;;0.7506;;indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 17:01 istthe bharatiya janata party will contest the maharashtra assembly elections in partnership with ally shiv sena though it could have won on its own, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.6597;;the clear message from fadnavis comes weeks after the shiv senas aditya thackeray, who might be the first from the thackeray family to contest elections, underscored that equitable sharing of power and post includes all posts and power.
;;0.3612;;in an interview to hindustan times, fadnavis described the 29-year-old sena leader as an upcoming youth leader who understands issues and is keen to work.
;;0.4201;;quite like fadnavis who is on 24-day mahajanadesh yatra across the state, shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays son aditya had also embarked on a shorter, 5-day jan ashirwad yatra.
;;0.0;;fadnavis did not elaborate on aditya thackerays plunge in electoral politics.
;;0.296;;fadnavis was referring to his statement that the alliance partners will share the posts equitably.
;;0.0;;as far as who will be the cm, i am sitting right here in front of you, he said.
;;-0.1531;;but there have been indications that neither side might just yet push the envelope too hard on the chief ministers post, not before the elections are completed and the results are out.
;;0.0258;;opinionupdated: aug 01, 2019 23:32 istless than three months before assembly elections are held in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis has embarked on mahajanadesh yatra, a statewide tour, to reach out to the people.
;;0.0;;during his 24-day tour that began on thursday, fadnavis will travel through 150 assembly constituencies to address 87 public meetings and 57 corner meetings, asking people to vote for his government on the basis of its performance in five years since it came to power in 2014.
;;0.0;;significantly, the yatra will be as much about the bjp government in maharashtra as about fadnavis and his leadership.
;;0.5499;;then fadnavis was state bjp chief but was considered a lightweight politician since the party had at least half-a-dozen established leaders including nitin gadkari.
;;0.0;;not many considered him a chief ministerial material.
;;0.2023;;fadnavis has established himself as the partys top leader who is in complete control of his government.
;;-0.1027;;fadnavis has managed to keep opposition parties in check by countering their attack.
;;0.7845;;with the thumping victory in lok sabha elections (bjp-sena alliance won 41 of maharashtras 48 seats), fadnavis is now confident of romping home.
;;0.0;;it is a foregone conclusion that fadnavis would be the chief minister again.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is focusing on the performance of his government in five years in his campaign now.
;;0.0;;things may not be entirely smooth for fadnavis though.
;;0.0;;his revenue minister chandrakant patil who was recently made state bjp chief is slowly positioning himself as an alternative to fadnavis.
;;0.5719;;undoubtedly, if the bjps seats reduce considerably (in 2014 it won 122 out of 288 assembly seats), fadnavis will have to face the flak.
;;-0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said there was a lack of transparency in the working of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) so far, resulting in probes being initiated into the road scam and shoddy desilting done by the countrys richest body.
;;-0.7351;;twitter.com/35rmkrhmlo  ians tweets (@ians_india) august 9, 2019maharashtra opposition parties attacked mahajan and demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis should take action against the minister for his insensitive attitude towards the flood-hit people suffering since over a week.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had even announced a growth centre on the lines of bandra-kurla complex near kalyan.
;;-0.3612;;after the navi mumbai police called off the search in mid-april, bidres father wrote a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , threatening to self-immolate and accusing the police of conspiring to protect kurundkar.
;;0.6124;;i would like to thank maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for announcing our film hindi medium as tax-free in the state.
;;0.4019;;bharatiya janata party ( bjp) president amit shah, who arrived in mumbai on wednesday morning, will call on actor madhuri dixit, industrialist ratan tata and singer lata mangeshkar, before his meeting with political ally shiv senas chief uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;shah will be accompanied by chief minister devendrafadnavis , state president raosaheb danve and education minister vinod tawde at all these meetings.
;;0.0;;the meeting with thackeray is scheduled for 7pm at matoshree, the senas chief home in bandra (east).
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will meet representatives of the sakal maratha samaj, the parent body of maratha organisations,soon to discuss the communitys demands.
;;0.34;;revenue minister chandrakant patil welcomed the samajs decision to meet state government officials and said fadnavis would meet with a committee of samaj members soon.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday ordered a high-level probe after a farmer was allegedly beaten up by security guards at mantralaya, the state headquarters, on thursday.
;;0.2732;;the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray has extended support to the villagers of rajapur who have been affected by the state governments decision to construct a mega refinery in ratnagiri in konkan.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis stated that the project will generate at least one lakh jobs in the region.
;;0.4019;;sources told ht that chief minister devendrafadnavis was on board while taking this decision and a senior bjp leader hinted that a clean chit from the eow was on the cards for darekar.
;;0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the bharatiya janata party (bjp) was prepared for mid-term polls in the state, remarks that come as both friends and foes have sought to corner his government on the issue of farm-loan waiver.
;;-0.128;;on sunday, the fadnavis government had announced a waiver of farm loans with some riders, after which the farmers had withdrawn their strike.
;;0.8126;;buoyed by the bjps success in maharashtra local governing bodies polls, held in the recent past, fadnavis exuded confidence that people of the state were with the saffron party notwithstanding various agitations.
;;0.6486;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the state government will develop an intelligent traffic management system (itms) for mumbai, which will later be implemented across maharashtra to reduce congestion and increase traffic speed.
;;0.4215;;the cm was speaking at launch of the 29th road safety fortnight at sahyadri guest house.
;;0.4588;;the cm responded saying intelligent systems will be developed for making the proposed roads accident-free.
;;0.0;;the cm also advocated the three e strategy.
;;0.5106;;the shiv sena chief 25 years ago took a strong stand that neither do i recognise the bjp, nor do i recognise the shiv sena.
;;0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah too tweeted their wishes.
;;-0.5106;;narendra modi (@narendramodi) january 23, 2017the sena also said that it was because of bal thackeray that the bjp did not oust narendra modi, now prime minister, when he was the chief minister of gujarat, after the communal riots following the godhra carnage.
;;-0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in the eye of the storm due to a controversial audio clip in which he is heard exhorting bjp workers to use all means to win the palghar bypoll, has demanded that the election commission of india (eci) take action against shiv sena president uddhav thackeray for distorting facts.
;;0.0;;the sena chief released the audio clip on friday.
;;-0.6597;;speaking to the media on sunday, fadnavis accused thackeray of insulting the election process.
;;0.4215;;both fadnavis and thackeray ran a high voltage campaign for their respective candidates.
;;-0.8402;;for the second time in two days, the shiv sena attacked chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bharatiya janata party-led government over the handling of dalit protests and violence that have rocked maharashtra since january 1.
;;-0.8402;;taking a dig at fadnavis pet project  the maharashtra prosperity corridor  the editorial said: under the leadership of fadnavis, maharashtra is not on the corridor of prosperity, it seems to be falling into a pit of chaos and destruction.
;;0.34;;the sena is showing solidarity with the cm in times of such conflict as it is a matter of maharashtras pride and the maintenance of law and order, the marathi daily added.
;;0.0679;;over the past couple of years, relations between the sena and the bjp have become increasingly strained, though so far, the party had refrained from taking on fadnavis personally.
;;-0.4404;;the home department, headed by fadnavis, has become weak, the sena said.
;;0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in his address at the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) state executive meet in thane on thursday prepared the ground for a possible alliance with the shiv sena in the upcoming polls, by asking his cadre to look at the big picture to make india congress-free.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, in his speech, also tried to appropriate the maratha warrior king, shivaji and his soldiers.
;;0.0;;in the meanwhile, fadnavis and thackeray will also hold direct communication.
;;0.3875;;we dont want a bad name for breaking an alliance, so talks will happen and thats exactly what the cm has indicated.
;;0.128;;shah was in the south maharashtra city to attend the conclusion of the second leg of the mahajanadesh yatra launched on august 1 by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.34;;the information was given by chief minister devendrafadnavis in a written reply to a question asked by the ncps aniket tatkare about coastal security and an inspection conducted by the navy recently.
;;-0.1695;;the legislators  ashish shelar, atul bhatkhalkar and yogesh sagar  not satisfied with the answer given by the minister of state for urban development department, ranjit patil, also sought for chief minister devendrafadnavis intervention in the issue but ran out of time.
;;0.4019;;manoj kotak group leader of bjp, said, on orders from our partys city chief to support sena, we did.
;;-0.2263;;further, the sena will have limited say in the civic decision making as the municipal commissioner has more powers and he reports to the urban development department headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0258;;a delegation of dalit leaders led by prakash ambedkar met chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday to follow up on their demands after the withdrawal of their one-day statewide bandh that brought mumbai to its knees on wednesday.
;;-0.6597;;we want speedy action against them for perpetuating violence, and the cm has promised us that they will be arrested, said ambedkar at a press conference held after the meeting.
;;0.1531;;the cm has agreed to this demand, ambedkar said.
;;-0.0258;;when a chopper carrying maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and five others came crashing down in latur on thursday afternoon, the first person to rush to the rescue was small-time scrap dealer irfan shaikh, who shouted our king (cm) is trapped in the chopper.
;;0.4939;;i offered my hand to the cm and helped him step down, shaikh told a local mediaperson, govind ingle of lokmat group.
;;0.7269;;a shaken fadnavis told shaikh that he was fit and ok, and asked him to help the pilots and others on board the chopper even as he walked a few steps away.
;;0.4767;;officials of the chief ministers office in mumbai confirmed the developments on friday, but declined to say whether fadnavis would felicitate or honour the scrap dealer for rushing to assist them at a critical time, as the chopper could have exploded.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis recently complained to a leader of the nationalist congress party about his party mp supriya sule.
;;0.0;;sharad pawars daughter is of an age with fadnavis and she has been picking on him constantly for the past few months.
;;-0.3291;;but her criticisms of fadnavis have been getting very personal  the way he talks, walks, his style, his personal conduct, etc.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has started a television show called `mee mukhya mantri boltoy and supriya said he was aping modis radio show `mann ki baat.
;;0.0;;supriya had not entered public life then but there are enough leaders in the ncp who would be able to recall that  i tend to believe supriya would have been primed by these leaders to label fadnavis a copy cat.
;;0.4767;;although the way he talks or dresses are strictly irrelevant issues and does no credit to supriya, of late fadnavis has been handing issues on a platter to the opposition parties.
;;0.3612;;yet fadnavis gave priority to a conference on obesity last month and assured the people that his government will do every thing possible to reduce obesity among the citizens.
;;0.0;;fadnavis again patted his own back to tell the people that never before had such a price (rs 4,000 per quintal) been offered to farmers.
;;0.0;;``fadnavis is basically a happy-go-lucky kind of personality and he brings those traits to his style of governance.
;;-0.4215;;but that is still no reason why fadnavis personal style and idiosyncrasies should be targeted by political rivals.
;;0.9201;;envisioning education through a holistic outlook of knowledge building to establish peace and harmony in the world, the dr vishwanath karad mit world peace university, said to be the first of its kind in india, was inaugurated by chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis , on august 12.
;;0.7684;;but, when education comes with values, it is transformed into knowledge, and this is what separates human beings from machines, cm fadnavis had shared.
;;-0.34;;on education as the solution, g madhavan nair, former isro chief said the responsibility lies with the academic community to solve the problems of the country.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured shiv sena leaders that their constituencies will get an equal share of the funds set aside for development.
;;-0.34;;thackeray spoke to fadnavis about the alleged unequal distribution of funds to mlas and the possibility of a farm loan waiver.
;;0.4019;;following this, a delegation led by senior party leaders and ministers eknath shinde, subhash desai, ramdas kadam and diwakar raote met fadnavis at his residence on friday.
;;0.6369;;ramdas kadam said that fadnavis assured them that legislators from all parties would receive equal funds.
;;0.0;;shinde said that though fadnavis remained firm on the governments stance on farm loan waivers, the shiv sena will continue to press the issue.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday assured residents of seamless connectivity throughout mumbai metropolitan region (mmr), for which, he said one of the options was water transport.
;;0.0;;according to the tmc, a pre-feasibility study has been completed and presented to fadnavis.
;;0.4767;;the first phase has inched ahead after getting an in-principle approval in a meeting held on april 24 and headed by union transport minister nitin gadkari and chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday rapped officials of the districts administrations for their apathetic approach towards water conservation projects and the india meteorological department (imd) for its faulty forecast of the monsoon, saying it was placing a hurdle in the governments combat with natural forces.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has directed the officials on the field to pull up their socks and prepare for the monsoon.
;;0.0;;fadnavis made the remarks during the kharif review meeting, which lasted for more than four hours at rangasharda auditorium, bandra.
;;-0.8307;;an editorial in the sena mouthpiece saamana slammed chief minister devendrafadnavis for saying the law-and-order in the state was fine when the government has so far failed to arrest the accused in the bhima koregaon and kamala mills fire incidents.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on refuted suggestions that he could be appointed as union minister, saying he is going to be around in the state.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was speaking at the india today conclave 2017 in mumbai.
;;-0.4404;;earlier, union minister nitin gadkari had also denied reports of fadnavis being shifted to the union ministry.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed his grief over the loss of lives in the incident and ordered an inquiry in the matter which will be helmed by a special investigation team (sit) under a secretary rank official.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has invited college students to suggest policy interventions for critical matters such as drought control, smart cities, transportation, rural education and more.
;;0.3818;;through transform maharashtra, an initiative launched by action for collective transformation (act)  an organisation started by young socio entrepreneurs and aided by the state government  fadnavis is seeking ideas to solve 11 socio-economic challenges that maharashtra faces.
;;-0.7003;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , during a review meeting at the sahyadri guest house on friday, agreed to a proposal to set up a team of 50 police personnel for the eviction of illegal slum dwellers in the city.
;;0.3182;;the cm will be responsible for handing over the possession of around 1 lakh units to home seekers in the state by march 2019.
;;0.0;;kolhapur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , state revenue and pwd minister chandrakant patil and bollywood actor akshay kumar after inauguration of nation's second tallest flag on the occasion of maharashtra day in kolhapur on monday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the event.
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena leader aditya thackeray are already in poll mode and on a statewide tour and given the posturing and muscle flexing from both the sides, the seat sharing discussion is expected to see some hard bargain by both.
;;0.0;;bjp currently has devendrafadnavis as the chief minister, but sena wants its young leader aditya thackeray, who could be the first leader from his family to contest election, to get that position.
;;0.4019;;lad, a member of the legislative council and a former nationalist congress party leader, is considered to be close to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.7579;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari inaugurated a new bridge on the mumbai-goa highway, 10 months after the old one collapsed, killing 30.
;;-0.4939;;10 months after mahad collapse, gadkari, fadnavis unveil new bridge on mumbai-goa highwayunion minister nitin gadkari and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated the new bridge on mumbai-goa highway on monday, 10 months after the old one was swept away by the savitri river during the monsoon.
;;-0.7184;;5 reasons why the maharashtra irrigation scam could spell trouble for ajit pawartwo-and-a-half years after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked the anti-corruption bureau (acb) to probe the multi-crore irrigation scam and what roles senior nationalist congress party (ncp) politicians ajit pawar and sunil tatkare played in it, there are reports that the enforcement directorate is on pawars trail.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in the us as part of the last leg of his 8-day foreign tour, also sought assistance from the world bank for multimodal transport corridor in the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr) and rural livelihood project for providing sustainable livelihood enhancements in 10,000 villages of the state.
;;0.8779;;the @ford motor company submits a 50 million usd investment proposal for setting up center of excellence for integrated mobility in maharashtra and to explore smart urban mobility to implement integrated mobility solutions across the state, fadnavis tweeted after a meeting with marcy klevorn, executive vice-president and president, mobility and brett wheatley, vice-president, mobility and growth, ford motor company at washington dc.
;;0.7351;;in another meeting, devendrafadnavis , ceo, world bank, also assured fadnavis that the bank would consider the states demand for assistance to multimodal transport corridor in mmr and rural livelihood project positively.
;;-0.7964;;two days after chief minister devendrafadnavis accused the shiv sena of betrayal for fielding sriniwas wanga, son of late bharatiya janata party (bjp) mp chintaman wanga in the palghar lok sabha bypoll, the sena on tuesday hit back saying that roping in the turncoat rajendra gavit and calling him the former mps political heir is a betrayal of wangas legacy.
;;0.4019;;our ally [on the one hand) was welcoming our decision to give a ticket to the wanga family and, on the other hand, was hatching a conspiracy, the cm alleged.
;;-0.6705;;if the cm finds this betrayal, then the marathi dictionary will have to be rewritten, the marathi daily said.
;;-0.25;;let alone the cm, even the local bjp and rss leaders did not visit his family.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday drove out the first made-in-india jeep compass out of the fiat chrysler automobile (fca)s ranjangaon assembly line near pune.
;;0.6705;;170 hp power | 350nm torquesix-speed manual and seven-speed automatic dual dry clutch technology (ddct) gearboxesjeep active drive 4 x 4 system50+ safety features, comes with six airbags as standardproduction to start in julybesides fadnavis, fcas chief operating officer (apac region non-china) paul alcala, fca india president and md kevin flynn; ceo of fiapl gurpratap boparai, and pune guardian minister girish bapat were present.
;;0.4215;;the roll out comes around 23 months after cm fadnavis along with a high level delegation met senior fca officials in june 2015 at the companys headquarters in auburn hills, michigan in the united states.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday indicated that the 3-lakh-crore mega refinery and petrochemical project will be moved to raigad, after the land acquisition in ratnagiri-sindhudurgs nanar was scrapped early this year.
;;0.5859;;an official from the industries department said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has reportedly taken local politicians from raigad from all parties into confidence to avoid nanar-like opposition.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will carry out the long-pending reshuffle and expansion of his cabinet on sunday, just three months ahead of the maharashtra assembly elections.
;;0.0;;other than vikhe patil, the other bjp leaders, who could get cabinet berths, are the partys mumbai unit chief ashish shelar; mumbai legislator yogesh sagar; vidarbha legislators dr anil bonde, sanjay kute and parinay phuke; sangli mla suresh khade; and maval legislator bala bhegade.
;;0.0;;the cm will try and induct new faces by balancing out region and caste factors.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had met sena chief uddhav thackeray late on friday to discuss the modalities of the expansion.
;;0.7269;;continuing with its winning streak, chief minister devendrafadnavis bharatiya janata party (bjp) managed to wrest power in the congress-dominated latur civic body and retain its power in the chandrapur municipal corporation in maharashtra.
;;0.5267;;winning 40 out of 70 seats in latur, controlled by congress legislator amit deshmukh, son of former chief minister the late vilasrao deshmukh, is a big victory for the bjp.
;;-0.7008;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had then not just promised the state that those found guilty in the scam would be punished but also that the state would turn away from non-performing large dams and lift irrigation schemes to more smaller water conservation projects.
;;0.0;;in putting its money on complicated and economically unviable projects, fadnavis is toeing the line of his predecessors and going against the advice of water sector experts, environmentalists and our collective climate change experience.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendrafadnavis ensured that shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray shared the dais with pm modi and thackeray in his speech praised the prime minister announcing that the next state government would only be from the saffron alliance.
;;0.3612;;he added that he could see that chief minister devendrafadnavis had applauded the most at his statement.
;;0.3818;;with india remaining in the limelight over its reform push and rapid economic growth, world banks chief executive officer, devendrafadnavis is scheduled to visit india to take stock of the bank-funded projects and meet policymakers including finance minister arun jaitley and reserve bank of india governor urjit patel.
;;0.0;;the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cms official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis request for noise rules relaxation violates the supreme court orders, said anti-noise campaigners.
;;0.6249;;fadnavis has requested the ministry for environment, forest and climate change to allow district collectors, and not the state government, to decide on which 15 days in a year they want to relax the noise restrictions for their particular district.
;;0.0772;;on tuesday, the cm met union environment minister anil dave for expediting a number of infrastructure projects.
;;0.0;;based on a proposal submitted by the state environment department, the cm requested the centre for noise rule exemption.
;;0.0;;the government of maharashtra requested to consider a district as a unit instead of the state and empower collectors, the cm tweeted.
;;0.5267;;the power shall be exercised by reference to the state as a unit and not by reference to districts, so as to specify different dates for different districts, read an order passed by the then chief justice of india rc lahoti and ashok bhan.
;;0.4767;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is taking a digital campaign route and tapping into hologram technology to woo voters in the maharashtra civic polls.
;;0.4215;;to reach out to wider audience and connect with voters, his party bjp has introduced a three-dimensional hologram of fadnavis through a mobile app.
;;0.0;;each smartphone user can download the app and view the 3d image of the cm who will then deliver a five-minute video message, a bjp release said in mumbai on friday.
;;0.1531;;the user will have to download the app, invite cm, to listen to fadnaviss message that is part of bjps campaign for the february 21 elections to 10 municipal corporations, including mumbai.
;;0.4019;;when the app gets active, a life-size image of the cm in 3d hologram format would emerge and it would be followed by his video message, the release said.
;;0.0;;the decision, which comes into effect restrospectively from january 1, 2018, was taken by the states general administration department (gad), which is headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.5267;;pm modi, who had flown to nashik on thursday to join a bjp event to mark the end of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis roadshow mahajanadesh yatra, said there had been some people who had been issuing meaningless statements over the last few weeks on the decades old ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid land title dispute.
;;0.4215;;a five-judge constitution bench, led by chief justice of india ranjan gogoi, is hearing the land title dispute and is expected to deliver a decision well before november end.
;;0.5267;;chief justice gogoi yesterday indicated that the final arguments by the parties to the case would be completed by october 18.
;;0.6124;;the chief justice is expected to deliver the verdict before he retires on november 17.
;;0.7783;;even as parties competed with each other over freebies, bjp mp kirit somaiya trained guns on the sena chief and his family questioning how long mumbai would tolerate the rule of one family and one party.
;;0.4019;;sources said the three sena leaders participating in the talksanil desai, anil parab and ravindra mirlekarhad suggested party chief uddhav thackeray to have a word with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the public comments being made by his colleagues.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said that the metro rail networks will be connected from the northern and southern parts of the city.
;;0.0;;dissolve legislative council, says bjp mlabjp legislator anil gote has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and state parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat that the maharashtra legislative council be dissolved as important bills are being stalled for political motives.
;;-0.802;;khar police station is illegal, ashish shelar tells assemblybjp mla and city unit chief ashish shelar in the state assembly on wednesday said that khar police station is illegal as the plot is reserved for a veterinary hospital.
;;-0.6705;;it alleged that gund, before hanging himself, left a suicide note to chief minister devendrafadnavis stating that government policies had finished business owners.
