;;0.0;;on thursday, several events were held in mumbai, pune, kolhapur and other parts where people appealed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, to expedite the probe.
;;0.2846;;pansare is critical but stable, aster aadhar hospital's chief medical officer dr ulhas damle said.
;;-0.8519;;the incident triggered outrage and many senior leaders, including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp chief sharad pawar, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and leader of opposition in state assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil, had condemned the attack on pansare.
;;-0.1779;;woman scribe asked to shift from front row; sena seeks apologymumbai, may 1, 2015, (pti) 14:22 ista woman journalist being asked to shift from the front row reserved for media to make way for monks at a function to felicitate chief minister devendrafadnavis has triggered a controversy with a shiv sena leader demanding an apology from the event organisers.
;;0.0757;;when fadnavis came to know about the incident, he said in his speech at the function that discrimination against women was not a good sign for a healthy society.
;;-0.2057;;at the same time, the ruling alliance partner also pointed out that in other municipal councils, the bjp has not performed well and thus, chief minister devendrafadnavis should introspect what led to a change in mood of the masses in just one year of his government's rule.
;;0.0;;the cm should introspect what caused people's mood to change in just one year, the editorial said.
;;-0.3612;;neither state chief minister devendrafadnavis nor any central left leader attended the funeral.
;;0.0;;in the letter addressed to fadnavis, which has been posted on social media, the mes leaders have urged him not to participate in the proposed meeting of the chief ministers of of maharashtra, karnataka and goa.
;;0.0;;bjp-sena rule in maha after 15 years; 20 ministers inductedmumbai, dec 5, 2014, (pti) 18:04 istbjp and shiv sena are ruling maharashtra once again after 15 years with the induction of ten ministers from shiv sena in the 35-day old devendrafadnavis government in maharashtra this afternoon.
;;0.0;;the last time bjp and sena were in power was during 1995-99 when it was the sena which was in the role of 'big brother' and had the chief minister's post while bjp had deputy chief minister's post.
;;0.0;;this time, the roles have been reversed; however sena does not even have the solace of having one of its leaders as deputy chief minister as fadnavis yesterday said the ministry won't have this post.
;;-0.8271;;i will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and demand the formulation of a law which will fast track rape-related cases and the accused, if proven guilty, is hanged within a month of committing the crime, he added.
;;-0.7269;;civic polls: bjp tastes defeat in cm fadnavis' home turfnagpur, nov 3, 2015 (pti) 14:18 ista year after storming to power in maharashtra, the bjp seems to have suffered a considerable erosion of support base in chief minister devendra fadnavis' home turf vidarbha, losing to congress-ncp in the municipal council polls in the region.
;;-0.5719;;one of the biggest setbacks to bjp was in nagpur district, the home turf of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari, as the party failed miserably in all the three councils of kuhi, hingana and bhiwapur.
;;-0.5574;;we have asked chief minister devendrafadnavis , to ban use of alcohol and pork also in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister anandiben patel and governor o p kohli were present at the state-level celebration held at the gmdc ground in ahmedabad.
;;0.0;;chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia was among the participants on rajpath.
;;0.5267;;union minister of state for social justice and empowerment krishan pal gujjar was the chief guest at the event at jhelum view park in rajbagh, organised by the kashmir unit of bjp.
;;0.0;;chief minister manohar lal khattar attended the state level function organised by haryana government in karnal.
;;0.0;;in rajasthan, lakhs of people performed yoga for one hour to mark the day with the state's main event being attended by chief minister vasundhara raje and her cabinet colleagues at sawai man singh stadium in jaipur.
;;0.2732;;chief minister raje also administered the oath of health, fitness and discipline in life to over 25,000 people.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who practised yoga with a select group of jail inmates in central prison on mumbai's wardha road, praised prime minister modi for giving an international status to yoga and called for not to mix yoga with religion and politics.
;;0.6249;;in chhattisgarh, chief minister raman singh encouraged people, particularly the youngsters, to practice yoga while highlighting the benefits of the ancient form of exercise and meditation.
;;-0.128;;mrityunjay bose, dh news service, mumbai, jun 6 2017, 17:01 istas the farmers strike in maharashtra entered the sixth day on tuesday, chief minister devendrafadnavis that his government is working towards implementation of what would be the biggest ever farm loan waiver.
;;-0.128;;mumbai, oct 12, 2015, (pti): 20:52 istopposition in maharashtra has criticised shiv sena for blackening the face of orf chairman sudheendra kulkarni and has held maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis responsible for the incident.
;;0.25;;it is hard to believe that fadnavis was not aware that shiv sena can to go to any extent to grab attention and prove its superiority in mumbai.
;;0.6697;;our cm should have been more proactive and should have provided full security to the people involved in hosting this event, especially given the current background of events in the city.
;;0.8316;;fadnavis hints at mending ties with senanew delhi, nov 23, 2014, dhns: 11:01 istas the nationalist congress party (ncp) sent mixed signals on supporting the bjp government in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday described estranged ally the shiv sena a friend and dropped hints of a rapprochement.
;;0.6369;;speaking at the hindustan times leadership summit, fadnavis admitted that he never faced as much criticism in his 22-year political career as he had during the first three days after winning the trust vote in the assembly.
;;-0.2263;;the ncp, which was the recipient of choicest of abuses from the bjp during the election campaign, bailed out the fadnavis government by announcing unconditional outside support.
;;0.7906;;fadnavis won the trust vote on november 12 by a voice-vote in the assembly.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis refused to divulge details of the ongoing talks between the two erstwhile allies and merely said the dialogue was moving in the right direction.
;;0.3612;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was quick to respond to sharma's angst and assured him that strict action would be taken against the culprit.
;;-0.5106;;taking cognisance of the matter, fadnavis requested sharma to provide the authorities with necessary information to punish the culprit.
;;0.6597;;later, sharma thanked fadnavis in another tweet saying, @dev_fadnavis thank u so much for ur concern sir.
;;-0.4019;;manohar pawar, chief engineer of vigilance department in bmc, said, i have requested kapil sharma to reveal the name of the officer who demanded bribe so that we can initiate inquiry and appropriate action against him or her.
;;-0.0258;;the congress, meanwhile, said chief minister fadnavis, who took immediate cognisance of the comedian's complaint should lend ears to common man as well.
;;0.0;;it has come to a situation where every mumbaikar has to now say 'hum bhi hai kapil sharma' for the cm and bmc to listen to them, congress mla nitesh rane said.
;;-0.1779;;when pointed out that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already spoken of bringing in a bill to allow the bullock cart races, landge said we want the bill to be brought in the first week of the current session itself, as village jatras (rural fairs) are beginning and people are being denied of the races.
;;0.7579;;new delhi, dec 7, 2014, (pti): 14:09 istfacing opposition ire for deciding to skip the customary tea party on eve of legislature session, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said the meeting called by prime minister on planning commission was an important event that would benefit his state.
;;0.0;;he also slammed chief ministers of some states who have decided to keep away from the meeting on restructuring planning commission.
;;0.4005;;on criticisms by opposition parties in maharashtra that he was insulting opposition parties by not attending the customary tea party on the eve of legislature session, fadnavis stressed that the prime minister's meeting was very important.
;;0.0;;decisions will be taken in consultation with the state governments, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters.
;;-0.1779;;peshwe said he is an ordinary citizen and wrote to the cm after watching the teasers and promos of the upcoming film.
;;0.3187;;as i could not withstand the insult of maratha history, marathi ethos and indian culture, i am making this appeal to you that the maharashtra government pay attention, review the entire film, and with proper inquiry arrive at a appropriate decision, he said in the letter to fadnavis.
;;-0.6597;;the development comes after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis chided the shiv sena for bringing the state a bad name due to the protests against former pakistan foreign minister khurshid mahmood kasuri's book launch in mumbai.
;;0.7351;;eight-year-old girl donates her savings to drought-hit farmersmumbai, sep 20, 2015, (pti) 19:45 istin a benevolent gesture, eight-year-old nagpur resident rashika joshi, met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and donated her piggy bank savings to the chief minister's relief fund for drought- affected farmers.
;;0.0;;after she saw the actor's pictures with the cm, she asked me what was the actor doing with him.
;;0.7096;;i explained to her that he (aamir) is giving a cheque to the cm for his relief fund which would help farmers who lost their crops due to the ongoing drought, manoj joshi, rashika's father, told pti today.
;;0.6124;;joshi said that he was out of town when his neighbours took his daughter rashika joshi to meet the cm, adding that he was pleasantly surprised by fadnavis's response to his daughter.
;;0.0;;after his name cropped up, the ministry of home affairs took cognisance of the issue and even maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis asked mumbai police commissioner datta padsalgikar to probe into zakir naiks speeches and also his contacts and source of funding.
;;0.0;;a delegation of farmers led by tiwari had met fadnavis in amravati last week and presented a list of demands.
;;-0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the situation after the outbreak of train commuters' fury and appealed the people to maintain peace.
;;0.0;;the cm is monitoring the situation every five minutes.
;;0.5719;;in fact, chief minister devendrafadnavis shares a good equation with aamir khan and the latter was also at the maharashtra rajani, the cultural extravaganza of the make in india week, which had to be cancelled after the grand stage at the girgaum chowpatty caught fire.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
;;0.0;;bagde, the mla from phulambhari in aurangabad district, was escorted to the speaker's chair by chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp leader ajit pawar, congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil, shiv sena leader eknath shinde and senior most legislator ganpatrao deshmukh of pwp.
;;0.5267;;fadnavis thanked all the parties for facilitating unanimous election of the speaker in keeping with the highest traditions of the lower house.
;;0.0;;besides, one of the long-pending issues between the two allies is the expansion of the ministry led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;shah, who was on a day-long tour of mumbai as part of the sampark se samarthan campaign, earlier in the day, met bollywood actress madhuri dixit-nene at her residence in juhu and former tata group chief and philanthropist ratan tata at his colaba residence.
;;-0.4939;;ai flight to us delayed as maha cm aide 'forgot' visa documentnew delhi, june 30, 2015 (pti): 21:25 istnational carrier air india had to delay the departure of its newark flight from mumbai by nearly an hour after it was reported that the principal secretary to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had not carried his passport with valid visa.
;;-0.2263;;when contacted, an air india spokesperson said that the flight in which fadnavis was to travel was delayed by 57 minutes for a mix of reasons.
;;0.0;;the incident took place yesterday when fadnavis was leaving on a week-long visit to the us along with his industries minister subhash desai, chief secratary swadheen kshatriya and principal secretary pravin pardeshi besides other delegation members.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is heading the home department, should take action to ensure that the culprits are brought to book immediately, she said.
;;-0.1779;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while expressing willingness to hold talks with the agitating farmers, alleged that it was the opposition ncp and congress who were instigating them.
;;-0.2263;;however, fadnavis did not reveal the portfolios to be given to sena, which was understood to be eyeing the key home department, held by the chief minister, besides demanding the deputy chief minister's post.
;;0.7184;;senior sena leader subhash desai, who was present along with fadnavis, said both the parties have decided to provide a strong government to maharashtra.
;;0.6249;;with sena now set to join the government, fadnavis can breathe easy during the winter session of legislature, beginning at nagpur on december 8.
;;-0.4588;;today's announcement was preceded by a veiled attack by fadnavis on senior shiv sena leader ramdas kadam last week over the latter's remarks about bjp fooling sena on the issue of power sharing talks.
;;-0.2732;;lalit modi, settled in london since 2010 when money laundering charges against him were being probed by agencies, continued to dig out hidden old details to take potshots at jaitley, congress leader rajeev shukla and former bcci chief n srinivasan.
;;-0.296;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is under pressure to take a decision, has got a report on mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria meeting with his former-ipl boss in the uk without bringing it to the notice of the earlier congress regime.
;;-0.6597;;bal thackeray memorial to come up at mumbai mayor's bungalowmumbai,nov 17, 2015 (pti) 15:47 istsetting aside irritants in their ties, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today came together to pay tributes to sena founder bal thackeray on his death anniversary and announced the plan to set up a grand memorial for him at the mayor's bungalow in shivaji park area here.
;;0.5574;;uddhav thanked the chief minister for not merely speaking about the memorial, but working on it constructively as well.
;;0.8271;;i would like to thank chief minister mr devendrafadnavis for providing excellent protection (provided to him) ever since i landed in mumbai airport (last evening), he said at the book launch.
;;0.6486;;kulkarni also thanked the principled stand taken by fadnavis over the issue and providing security for the event.
;;0.0;;chief judicial magistrate of nagpur m m deshpande was present in the fansi yard.
;;0.5574;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis stayed awake until the wee hours today, monitoring the law and order situation and following up the development on the supreme court front in the case, a senior official told pti.
;;0.1531;;resolve boundary dispute before kalasa-banduri: shiv sena mpbelagavi, oct 31, 2015, dhns: 1:51 istshiv sena leader and rajya sabha member sanjay raut has urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis not to hold talks with karnataka on kalasa-banduri nala project until the karnataka-maharashtra boundary row was resolved.
;;-0.6808;;in a letter written to fadnavis on oct 27, raut stated karnataka wants to divert waters of kalasa-banduri through a canal and it has been exploring out of court settlement as its stand was weak before mahadayi river water dispute tribunal.
;;0.0;;the maharashtra government should ask the advocate general to discuss the boundary row with mes leaders, shiv sena mp urged the chief minister.
;;0.8658;;however, with desai's nomination, the bjp is hopeful of a positive attitude from the shiv sena on the ticklish issue of sharing power in maharashtra where chief minister devendrafadnavis will face a crucial floor test of his minority government nov 12.
;;0.0;;after the high-voltage march to the temple by the bhumata brigade volunteers, which was foiled mid-way, chief minister devendrafadnavis called for a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out of the row.
;;0.5267;;aaditya thackeray discusses mumbai nightlife plan with cmmumbai, feb 17, 2015, (pti) 17:40 istyuva sena chief aaditya thackeray said here he has discussed plans for revival of the vibrant mumbai nightlife with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;in trimbakeshwar, union home minister rajnath singh presided over the main event while in nashik, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was present along with senior colleagues  finance and planning minister sudhir mungantiwar and water resources minister girish mahajan and mahant gyandas, the president of akhil bharatiya akhada parishad.
;;0.0865;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked all departments to prepare a list of measures on how to generate more revenue and cut down on expenditure, he said, adding that a special cabinet meeting would be held next month to discuss this.
;;-0.891;;scribe killed in m'rashtra; cm assures actionthane/mumbai, july 18, 2015, dhns: 23:21 ista journalist based in thane was reportedly murdered under mysterious circumstances while two others were attacked after they had gone to cover a raid on a bar at mira road-bhayander suburbs of mumbai in the wee hours of friday.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured journalists bodies that speedy action would be taken.
;;-0.7227;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday took a serious note of the malfunctioning of the evms but rejected that it resulted in the defeat of the other political parties.
;;-0.4707;;shani shingnapur issue now in maharashtra cm's courtahmednagar/mumbai: feb 7, 2016, dhns: 0:50 istthe vexed issue of whether or not to allow women to enter the sanctum sanctorum of the shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district on saturday reached the court of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis after the meeting of the temple administration and protesting womens body remained inconclusive.
;;0.0;;we have been waiting for long for our rights, said trupti, who is expected to meet fadnavis in mumbai on tuesday or wednesday.
;;0.0;;during the visits, shah was accompanied by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis later tweeted photos of their meeting with madhuri and ratan tata.
;;-0.8316;;stung by severe criticism over the failure of the investigators, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced a team of police officials to assist the central bureau of investigation (cbi), which is handling the case.
;;-0.4404;;he dismissed the present government's moves alleging that with fadnavis at the helm, i am sure they would not be able to reach the killers.
;;-0.4019;;asked on the mahadayi water dispute, he said he will attend the meeting convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to sort out the issue.
;;0.7184;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who took charge yesterday, will seek a vote of confidence in his government during a special session of the assembly beginning on november 11, official sources had said yesterday.
;;-0.6486;;we have written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and also other chief ministers to ban the play as it hurts religious sentiments, catholic secular forum (csf) general secretary joseph dias told pti here today.
;;0.4939;;mumbai to get 6,000 cctv cameras by 2016mumbai, feb 7, 2015 (ians): 21:09 istthe long-pending proposal for electronic surveillance in mumbai finally got underway saturday with the maharashtra government signing an agreement to install 6,000 cctv cameras by september 2016, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here.
;;0.0;;the announcement was made by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the maharashtra assembly in nagpur, where the winter session is underway.
;;0.0772;;gujarat chief minister anandiben patel, her counterpart from maharashtra devendrafadnavis and karnataka's siddaramaiah will not be part of the prime minister's entourage but will travel separately to be in beijing when modi reaches there, sources said here today.
;;0.4767;;the focus of the visit of the chief ministers is expected to be attracting investments for their states.
;;-0.4404;;tawde had earlier spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis following which the decision was taken to buy the house that was on the block for rs 35 crores.
;;0.0;;the eight-member panel, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , will comprise senior ncp leader sharad pawar and senior state ministers from both bjp and shiv sena.
;;-0.296;;siddaramaiah invites parsekar, fadnavis for talks on mahadayi rowbengaluru, sep 6, 2016 (pti) 16:33 istdays after the mahadayi water disputes tribunal asked the concerned states to resolve the water dispute amicably, karnataka chiefminister siddaramaiah has written to his goa and maharashtra counterparts offering to host the first round of discussions.
;;-0.0516;;desai said if both men and women are going to be banned from stepping on the chabutara, activists of bhoomata brigade should be given an opportunity to perform the last pooja on the sacred platform in the temple in ahmednagar district, in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and sri sri ravi shankar.
;;0.0;;sachin speaks out against toll tax in maharashtramumbai, march 13, 2015 (ians) 13:27 istcricketing legend and bharat ratna sachin tendulkar has written to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , drawing his attention to the physical and mental toll on citizens over toll tax.
;;0.0;;the letter was sent to fadnavis on february 20 and was made public on friday.
;;0.128;;he urged the chief minister to ensure that motorists have an easier time navigating the country's commercial capital and reduce the anguish being faced by citizens.
;;0.5574;;he urged fadnavis to ensure a 24x7 dedicated and open lane for ambulances which routinely get stuck in traffic jams at toll tax lanes.
;;0.836;;when pointed out that no top bjp leader was present to support her during her briefing unlike when education minister vinod tawde's held a press meet yesterday, munde said no less a person than chief minister devendrafadnavis had come out in her support and she enjoyed the complete backing of her party.
;;0.5994;;graft case: fadnavis orders probe against ajit pawarnagpur/mumbai, dec 13, 2014, dhns 0:34 istacb will also investigate two other ncp leadersmaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has cleared the files for opening a probe by the anti-corruption bureau (acb) against three top nationalist congress party (ncp) leaders  ajit pawar, sunil tatkare and chhagan bhujbal.
;;0.1027;;i have been authorised by chief minister of maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by acb against ajit pawar, sunil tatkare and chhagan bhujbal, advocate general sunil manohar told the court.
;;0.3773;;pawar resigned as deputy cm in september 2012 over allegations of irregularities in awarding of 38 irrigation contracts worth rs 20,000 crore in vidarbha region in 2009 without seeking the mandatory clearance from the governing council of the vidarbha irrigation development corporation.
;;0.2023;;government agrees for loan waiver for farmers, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
;;0.0;;one of the decisions that was taken was that fadnavis would lead a delegation of farmers leaders and experts to prime minister to discuss the implementation of the ms swaminathan committee recommendations.
;;-0.1779;;when his attention was drawn to his statement that he would bomb the residence of chief minister if the loan waiver was not announced, he said: now sutli-bomb would be burst across the state to thank the chief minister.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the weekly cabinet meeting presided over by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.5574;;fadnavis and khadse must resign immediately, he said, adding that the incident has shown that the government has no control over the administration.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had paid tributes to col mahadik in pune last night when the the army officer's mortal remains were brought there en route to his native satara district.
;;0.7906;;aap supports fadnavis in probe against ncp leadersmumbai, dec 14, 2014, dhns 2:06 istthe aam aadmi party (aap), which played a major role in unearthing the irrigation scam, on saturday welcomed the probe against nationalist congress party (ncp) leaders ajit pawar and sunil tatkare.
;;0.7717;;while welcoming chief minister devendrafadnavis stand on this issue, the party feels the government needs to clarify its stand on certain related aspects, an aap spokesperson said.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis, aiming to make more manpower available for policing duties, had delegated the power to give security cover to vips to a high-powered committee, which is authorised to take decisions based on threat perceptions and intelligence inputs.
;;0.4767;;the decision of the panel which comprises the state dgp, the commissioner, state intelligence, besides the chief secretary is final and does not require political clearances.
;;0.0;;when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the decision has nothing to do with political affiliations of the individuals concerned.
;;0.0;;why did chief minister (devendra fadnavis) send his people for alliance talks with us if they thought bmc was not transparent?
;;-0.4404;;the land allotment to malini has run into controversy after rti activist anil galgali brought the issue to the fore and demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis either cancel the allotment or charge the price of the land at market rate from the bjp mp.
;;0.2415;;galgali also said the chief minister had informed him of the government's plan to tighten land allotment rules so that public assets were not alienated for throwaway price.
;;0.4588;;yes, chief minister today informed me that he has directed officials to cancel old gr and come up with a fresh one.
;;0.3612;;after the weekly cabinet meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the plan has been scrapped and the municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) has been asked to submit a new reworked plan within four months.
;;-0.4215;;as a matter of fact, after the raids last week, mumbai police chief rakesh maria too faced lots of criticism in social media.
;;-0.0258;;expressing shock over the incident, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured in-depth investigation.
;;0.4019;;why put mumbai development under pm panel, asks senamumbai, dec 9, 2014 (ians): 14:08 istmaharashtra's ruling alliance partner shiv sena tuesday expressed reservations over chief minister devendra fadnavis' reported proposal to entrust mumbai's development to a special committee headed by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.6597;;asserting that mumbai is already a global financial centre, the sena took a swipe at fadnavis, saying it would be better if other cities in the state, like nagpur, which is the chief minister's home town, are also made world-class centres.
;;0.3291;;but, the cm has put the fate of mumbai in delhi's hands and returned, though his intentions are honest, the edit lamented.
;;0.0;;in short, the cm is in a tearing hurry.
;;0.4019;;after a meeting with leaders of all the political parties here, chief minister siddaramaiah told reporters that the government will have an open mind during the negotiations.
;;0.128;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has convened the meeting following a suggestion by the mahadayi river water disputes tribunal to all the riparian states to try resolving the issue through talks.
;;0.0;;leaders of the bjp and the jd(s) suggested that the government have an open mind at the meeting convened by fadnavis.
;;0.3818;;rly minister prabhu meets sena chief to 'clear differences'mumbai, nov 22, 2014, (pti) 12:50 istamid attempts of reconciliation by the bjp with its former ally shiv sena ahead of the winter session of the maharashtra assembly, railway minister suresh prabhu here met sena chief uddhav thackeray at the latter's residence.
;;0.5106;;the meeting between the two leaders holds significance as chief minister devendrafadnavis had last week said that doors for shiv sena to join the government still remain open before the winter session begins on december 8.
;;0.0;;in an official release here, guardian minister of thane eknath shinde said that following persistent demands by elected representatives of thane to undertake various development projects in the district on priority, chief minister devendrafadnavis was urged to sanction one more business district in the mmr region.
;;0.0;;at a joint meeting held in the shyadri guest house yesterday under the leadership of fadnavis, the decision to go in for the new business district for thane district was taken the release said.
;;0.8519;;shinde and mlas sanjay kelkar and jitendra awhad reiterated the urgent need for a business district in the meeting which was supported by the cm, who made it clear that the state government would take positive steps towards the same.
;;0.0;;at a meeting of the gram sabha of shingnapur village, a resolution condemning the brigade and its chief trupti desai was passed.
;;0.128;;as a showdown erupted, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis favoured a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out over the ban on entry of women into the inner sanctum of the shrine, maintaining that women have a right to pray.
;;0.0;;we had sought time to meet the cm.
;;0.0;;we have been called to meet fadnavis during his scheduled event in pune today, she said.
;;0.0;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had offered a conditional waiver, but the offer was spurned.
;;-0.2732;;the allegations against tawde, 51, a key minister in the government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , comes close on the charges that he had acquired a engineering degree from the pune-based dnyaneshwar vidyapeeth which is not recognised by ugc or aicte or maharashtras directorate of technical education.
;;-0.5994;;after his death on tuesday, his mortal remains were flown to pune from udhampur on wednesday afternoon where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis laid the wreath.
;;-0.5574;;aviation ministry seeks reports on delay of flightsnew delhi, jul 2, 2015, (pti): 15:44 istcivil aviation ministry has sought reports from air india on the recent incidents involving maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister kiren rijiju which allegedly led to delay of flights.
;;-0.2263;;an air india flight to newark from mumbai was delayed by nearly an hour on june 29 after it was reported that an aide of fadnavis travelling with him had not carried his passport with valid us visa.
;;-0.6908;;mumbai police chief rakesh maria has ordered police stations and crime branch-cid units to step up vigilance and spare no one.
;;0.5719;;the sena also asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to be alert against pakistani agents like kulkarni.
;;-0.34;;under fire from the opposition, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday had set a 48 hour deadline to police to nab the culprits.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is likely to make a statement in the house later today.
;;0.1027;;the sena's reaction came after de's strong criticism of fadnavis on tuesday over a plan directing multiplexes in the state to compulsorily show marathi movies during the 6-9 p.
;;0.0;;one of them said: devendrafadnavis is at it again!
;;0.1779;;parab said they had sought help of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as human rights commission against the unfair attitude of karnataka government towards local marathi people.
;;0.0;;cabinet expansion next week;talks with sena still possible:cmnagpur, nov 16, 2014, (pti): 21:04 istwhile announcing that his cabinet will be expanded next week, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that the doors were still open for talks with estranged ally shiv sena.
;;0.0;;the rss chief had nothing to do with the talks with sena, fadnavis said.
;;0.3612;;meanwhile, the chief minister assured that the government was taking steps to deal with the drought-like situation in marathwada and approaching the centre for financial assistance.
;;0.4215;;in a letter addressed to chief minister devendrafadnavis , galgali had questioned that, at one end the bjp government is talking of taking back the reserved lands allotted to various organisations and on the other hand is allotting a prime land, reserved for gardens to its own and allowing construction.
;;0.6705;;fadnavis promises transparent governmentmumbai, oct 31, 2014, pti: 21:22 istpromising a transparent administration, maharashtra's new chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government will bring in a legislation for better delivery of services to the people.
;;0.3612;;44-year-old fadnavis, who was sworn in as chief minister of the first bjp government in the state, got down to work immediately and has instructed chief secretary swadheen kshatriya to have a draft of the right to service bill ready within a month.
;;-0.5209;;he also assured to look into the grievances of the media, particularly incidents of attack on journalists, and said there will be a regular media briefing after state cabinet meetings, a practice discontinued during the tenure of vilasrao deshmukh as chief minister.
;;0.0;;i have ordered an inquiry and asked the police to submit report in two days time, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday.
;;0.0;;on thursday, geeta met senior shiv sena leaders eknath shinde and anil desai and bjp leaders, including chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.1779;;fadnavis's plan for mumbai ceo sparks rowmumbai, nov 7, 2014, (dhns): 1:37 istchief minister devendrafadnavis move to appoint a ceo for mumbai has triggered controversy, with the shiv sena accusing the ruling bjp of attempting to separate mumbai from the rest of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;the sena has been targeting fadnavis in the last few days through its editorials in saamna and dophar ka saamna, its mouthpiece dailies in marathi and hindi, for advocating separation of vidarbha and keeping silence over karnatakas renaming of belgaum as belagavi.
;;0.0;;erect r.k. laxman memorial in mumbai: familymumbai, feb 1, 2015 (ians) 13:37 istthe proposed memorial to legendary cartoonist r. k. laxman, announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in pune last week, must be erected in mumbai, his family has urged.
;;0.3284;;the cm was very kind to announce the memorial, but the location has not been specified.
;;-0.3818;;he is also heard describing chief minister devendrafadnavis as helpless in the face of pressure from above and from influential individuals like builder and malabar hill mla mangal prabhat lodha and ridiculing raj thackeray as a bogus leader.
;;0.0;;in the meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis responded to the issue of more transparency in the governance raised by the shiv sena ministers.
;;0.7783;;admitting the petitions, a division bench of the bombay high court, consisting of chief justice mohit shah and justice m s sonak, said the apex court had already laid down the law for reservation.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday that his government would move supreme court on the bombay high court order.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the maharashtra government will decide on whether to approach the supreme court after going through the order.
;;0.0;;when we heard that the home was up for sale through an estate agent, i spoke with chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in davos and he immediately gave the green signal, tawde said.
;;0.1531;;since we are his legal heirs, the government should first consult us in the matter, the dalit leader and chief of the bharipa bahujan mahasangh, had said when the state government first mooted the proposal to buy the home around five months ago.
;;-0.7269;;following the public outrage, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a probe and said the guilty would not be spared.
;;0.1531;;fadnavis must stand up against k'taka govt's move on belgaum:senamumbai, nov 4, 2014 (pti): 11:21 istshiv sena today urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to step up offensive against the karnataka government's decision to change belgaums name to belagavi, to protect the interests of the marathi-speaking people.
;;0.3818;;devendra fadnavis has sworn to protect the marathi speaking people.
;;-0.6249;;bombay high court, fadnavis ask striking doctors to resume work immediatelymumbai, mar 23, 2017, (pti) 14:19 istmembers of maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) during the second day of their protest against the attack on a doctor in dhule civil hospital, in nagpur on tuesday.
;;0.6124;;pti file photothe bombay high court today asked striking resident doctors in maharashtra to resume work immediately while chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to them to call of the four-day stir, assuring security in hospitals.
;;0.6124;;a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni gave the directive while hearing a petition filed by activist afak mandaviya seeking action against the protesting doctors.
;;0.5267;;all other issues can be amicably sorted out gradually, chief justice chellur said.
;;-0.128;;chief minister fadnavis, while making a statement in the state legislative assembly on the ongoing strike and its fallout on the public healthcare system, urged the doctors to follow their professional ethics by serving the people.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, the general administration department (gad), headed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , came out with an order, notifying the appointment.
;;0.0;;the maharashtra government, chief minister devendrafadnavis , minority affairs minister eknath khadse and chairman of minorities commission amir hussain have been made the respondents.
;;-0.8211;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted that extremely saddened & shocked to know about the murud incident where 14 students lost their lives.
;;-0.5267;;sena speaks of humiliation by bjp, not to attend swearing-inmumbai, oct 30, 2014, (pti): 19:34 istamidst the uncertainty over shiv sena's role in the formation of the new government in maharashtra, the party today said its leaders would not attend chief minister-designate devendra fadnavis's swearing-in here tomorrow.
;;0.0;;on april 7, de's tweets were: devendrafadnavis is at it again!
;;0.0;;in related development, chief public prosecutor and government pleader sandeep shinde has submitted his report to the home department which is headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;union ministers nitin gadkari will be in nagpur along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis while venkaiah naidu will be in chennai, ramvilas paswan in patna, radhamohan singh in motihari of bihar, dharmendra pradhan in bhuvaneshwar, j p nadda in hyderabad and smriti irani in shimla.
;;0.5719;;the party leaders in karnataka can convince the chief ministers of the neighbouring states to cooperate with the state in implementing the kalasa-banduri drinking water project.
;;-0.5423;;the meeting, that was to be chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on october 21 in mumbai, had to be postponed after goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar expressed his inability to attend it.
;;0.0;;based on it, we would decide the further course of action, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, said.
;;0.0;;the congress, however, refuted the allegation and dubbed the probe ordered by chief minister devendrafadnavis as a political stunt.
;;0.5423;;the run-up to the elections saw mud-slinging between top leaders of both the parties  including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.3182;;the activists under the banner of bhumata brigade who numbered between 150 and 175 and led by its chief trupti desai were stopped at nandurshingote village by rural police from proceeding to trimbak town in maharashtra's nashik district where pilgrims had gathered in large numbers on the occasion of maha shivratri festival.
;;0.5511;;before setting out, she made a plea to chief minister devendrafadnavis to make sure that their members are not detained on the way, as the authorities did during the earlier campaign.
;;0.8779;;sena to keep off fadnavis swearing-inmumbai, oct 30, 2014, dhns: 1:11 istthe face of middle-class, bjps devendrafadnavis , a master-planner and orator par excellence with mr clean image, will be sworn in as the 27th chief minister of maharashtra on friday at an impressive ceremony at the wankhede stadium here.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, 44, would be sworn in with a compact group of ministers of the bjp and other allies and independents would not be taken on-board pending negotiations with the shiv sena.
;;0.0;;fadnavis on thursday visited new delhi and met modi, shah and shipping minister nitin gadkari  to finalise the portfolios.
;;0.0;;lauding maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis for his contribution in the membership drive in the state, sharma said, for some time, he (fadnavis) was also the state president of bjp.
;;0.5994;;maharashtra's home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had, however, assured the organiser of full security.
;;0.5423;;ten shiv sena members and an equal number of bjp members were sworn-in as chief minister devendrafadnavis undertook the first expansion of his council of ministers taking the strength from 10 to 30.
;;-0.743;;meanwhile, delegation of mumbai journalists called on chief minister devendrafadnavis and demanded that the attackers in these cases must be dealt with seriously and booked under non-bailable sections.
;;0.34;;the organisers cancelled the concert after a meeting with sena chief uddhav thackeray even though maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured of adequate protection to ali.
;;0.5859;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who held a security review meeting yesterday, ordered that security be stepped up in such areas.
;;0.0;;the meeting was chaired by fadnavis, who also heads the home department, and included both ministers of state for home ranjit patil and ram shinde, along with additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi, state director general of police pravin dixit, senior officials from the sid and anti-terrorism squad (ats).
;;0.3493;;the strike was called off after chief minister devendrafadnavis assured them that their business would not be affected.
;;0.6486;;fadnavis tweets create buzz on mmrca dealnew delhi, april 16, 2015, dhns: 1:40 istamid speculations over purchase of fighter aircraft for the iaf, three tweets by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have created a buzz in the national capital on whether the narendra modi government would ask a foreign vendor to set up a manufacturing plant for fighter aircraft in india.
;;0.7096;;fadnavis visited swedish firm saabs aircraft manufacturing facility at linkping on wednesday and thanked the company for showing interest in make in india and make in maharashtra schemes.
;;0.7234;;the minister said that he would speak to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him not to disturb the peaceful environment in the state by raking up the boundary row or create confusion on the issue as it had been resolved already.
;;-0.0708;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis defended the demonetisation decision, saying those opposing modi were harming the country and that people should come together to win this decisive battle against black money.
;;0.4019;;when in mumbai, they will also submit a memorandum to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking support for their demands.
;;0.0;;soon, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted back and announced a probe and also asked municipal commissioner ajoy mehta to look into the issue.
;;0.0;;@kapilsharmak9 @narendramodi, fadnavis posted on twitter.
;;0.3612;;meanwhile, bmcs chief engineer (vigilance) manohar pawar sent a letter to sharma seeking information from his side and assured that the disclosure would be kept confidential.
;;0.0;;for the shiv sena, it is going to be the call of its president uddhav thackeray, while maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis  the architect of the bjps landslide victory in the civic elections  may have to consult prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;-0.296;;communist leader pansare, wife shot; cm promises actionkolhapur (maha), feb 16 (pti) 14:57 istsenior cpi leader govind pansare, who led a campaign against road toll tax, and his wife were today shot at by motorcycle-borne assailants near their house here, prompting widespread condemnation of the incident.
;;-0.7717;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and ncp chief sharad pawar were among the first to condemn the attack on pansar, who was at the forefront of a recent anti-toll agitation in kolhapur.
;;-0.2411;;leader of opposition in maharashtra assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil sought dismissal of the state police chief, saying he was not competent enough to tackle the law and order situation.
;;0.0;;the portfolio is held by fadnavis.
;;0.296;;bollywood music composer duo sajid-wajid join bjpmumbai, dec 25, 2016, (pti) 10:31 istbollywood music composer duo sajid and wajid ali today joined bjp in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis here.
;;0.5943;;co-passengers come out in support of maharashtra cm fadnavisnew york, jul 3, 2015, (pti) 10:25 isttwo passengers travelling on the same us-bound air india aircraft from mumbai as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have come out in his support, saying he did not delay the flight even as he has threatened legal action once he returns to india.
;;-0.5106;;an angry fadnavis had tweeted yesterday that he would file for defamation once he was back in the country over the controversy of his delegation delaying the air india flight from mumbai to new york on june 29.
;;0.1027;;cm and delegation reached in time.
;;-0.3182;;another twitter user arvind shah tweeted, @dev_fadnavis i was in ai 191 and sitting behind cm in seat (8d), he neither called or try to delay flight, he was busy reading file.
;;-0.802;;both the tweets were retweeted by fadnavis, who had first denied the allegation that he had forced to delay the flight to new york in a tweet on june 30.
;;0.0;;the incident took place on monday when fadnavis was leaving on week-long visit to the us along with industries minister subhash desai, chief secretary swadheen kshatriya andprincipal secretary pravin pardeshi.
;;-0.1531;;congress has targeted fadnavis over the issue, withformer chief minister prithviraj chavan demanding thathe should apologise if he hadcaused the delay.
;;-0.3291;;it's good that the cm consigned this sin of dp to flames that could have spoilt the city, an editorial in sena mouthpiece 'saamana' said.
;;0.3182;;the decision to shelve the development plan 2034 was taken at a meeting of the state cabinet chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who directed the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to prepare a fresh plan within four months.
;;0.5106;;pti: 13:14 isthours before devendrafadnavis government faces trust vote, the shiv sena today said it will vote against it in the maharashtra assembly.
;;0.0;;kadam and milind narvekar, an aide of sena chief uddhav thackeray, earlier today met chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4404;;security to be provided to visiting dignitaries: fadnavismumbai, oct 12, 2015, pti: 14:49 istagainst the backdrop of paint smearing attack on sudheendra kulkarni and cancellation of ghulam ali's concert due to shiv sena opposition, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said security will be provided to all dignitaries visiting the state.
;;0.8402;;ncp removes maharashtra council chief with bjp helpmumbai: march 17, 2015, dhns: 1:39 istshiv sena abstains from voting; cong protestsin a major political development that signals the growing friendship between the ncp and the bjp, the sharad pawar-led party on monday managed to oust shivajirao deshmukh of the congress as chairman of the maharashtra legislative council, with bjps support.
;;-0.2263;;this comes as a major shot in the arm for chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is often facing trouble from the shiv sena, bjps alliance partner, with the latter opposing the government on several important issues.
;;0.3818;;appeal to cmhe appealed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure transparency and provide the details.
;;-0.8957;;chief minister devendrafadnavis introduced the bill of 'maharashtra mediapersons and media institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss to property) act, 2017', in the lower house, which was passed without discussion in the absence of opposition members.
;;0.0;;the hotel and restaurant association of western india (hrawi), the apex body for the western region of the country, and indian hotel and restaurant association (ahar) have already made representations to chief minister devendrafadnavis to look into the issue in a holistic way.
;;0.3182;;please take my body to the village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
;;0.0;;there were also reports that fadnavis spoke to the family, but this could not be independently confirmed.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and several of his cabinet colleagues and ministers of state were present.
;;0.6249;;if punjab chief minister parkash singh badal boasted of his governments single window facility to clear project proposals, shivraj singh chauhan of madhya pradesh claimed to have opened a single door and n chandrababu naidu of andhra pradesh promised to set up a single desk to facilitate investors.
;;0.4588;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sought to outsmart others by opening up his heart to welcome investments from expat indians to his state.
;;0.4019;;the chief ministers of all the six states ruled by the bharatiya janata party  goa, gujarat, haryana, jharkhand, maharashtra and madhya pradesh  turned up at the mahatma mandir in gandhinagar to address the conclave of the expat indians.
;;0.4019;;we have introduced single window clearance facility and, in several places, even moved beyond to assign a single person, who will help getting clearances from all departments, said the chief minister of punjab.
;;0.3612;;chief minister of andhra pradesh naidu promised to use computers to fast-track the process of clearing proposals.
;;0.4939;;probe into melee which led to fadnavis's apology indicts copsmumbai, mar 6, 2015 (pti) 15:14 istan inquiry into the ruckus outside a city club where policemen jostled with members to prevent their entry during a function attended by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , indicted the cops, concluding that the situation could have been handled better.
;;-0.5574;;the issue triggered an outrage over people being inconvenienced during movement of vvips and opposition parties attacked fadnavis.
;;0.7269;;fadnavis, who enjoys z plus security, had apologised for the melee.
;;0.0;;this figure is around 40 percent higher than the same period between may 2013-may 2014, said vidarbha jan andolan samiti chief kishore tiwari.
;;0.0772;;in the past 10 years, he pointed out, vidarbha has hit international headlines with more than 11,000 debt-trapped cotton farmers' suicides and now chief minister devendrafadnavis has sought help from israel to arrest the trend.
;;0.0;;fadnavis reveals plans for mumbai filmcitymumbai, jan 7, 2015, dhns: 1:17 iststressing that mumbai and bollywood are inseparable, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the state government has taken up a major modernisation plan for the filmcity here in goregaon, one of the largest studio-complexes in the country.
;;0.0772;;our dream of ban on cow slaughter becomes a reality now, a pleased chief minister devendrafadnavis said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;however, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis clarified that slvs will not take away the rights of the urban local bodies (ulbs).
;;0.1779;;the mns withdrew his protest against the smart city project for pune after its leader raj thackeray spoke to fadnavis.
;;-0.4767;;khurshid mahmud kasuris memoir, neither a hawk nor a dove: an insiders account of pakistans foreign policy, was launched in mumbai amid tight security after maharashtras bjp chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the attack.
;;0.5106;;women have right to pray; hold talks to end temple row: fadnavismumbai, jan 26, 2016, pti: 21:28 istmaintaining that women have right to pray, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today favoured a dialogue between authorities of shani shingnapur temple and activists to find a way out over the ban on entry of female devotees into the inner sanctum of the shrine.
;;0.3818;;the temple authorities should resolve the issue through a dialogue, tweeted fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.0;;mumbai police chief submits info on meeting with lalit modimumbai, june 22, 2015, pti: 21:20 istmumbai police commissioner rakesh maria today submitted a report containing information on his meeting with the former ipl boss lalit modi to maharashtra government.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had sought the information yesterday.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, prithviraj chavan, who was the chief minister in congress-ncp government when maria had visited london, today said he was not aware of the visit and the meeting.
;;0.0;;this comes a couple of days after raut had targeted maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.3612;;he raised doubt on devendrafadnavis nationalism.
;;-0.5994;;it is learnt that after the weekly cabinet met, senior shiv sena ministers met fadnavis and express anguish over the recent developments.
;;0.2023;;the development comes a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visited new delhi and spoke to top officials at the national capital.
;;0.0;;patil said chief minister siddaramaiah had appealed to union chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar to prevail upon maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had cleared both the appointments before he left for japan on monday night.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted on tuesday night.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday similarly reiterated that the prime minister is going to baramati to witness an agriculture science exhibition.
;;0.5106;;anandrao s. pandagle, 45, a resident of bhambh village, is survived by his wife and three teenaged daughters, said vidarbha jan andolan samiti chief kishore tiwari.
;;-0.1027;;last week, the shiv sena strongly criticized it ruling ally, the bharatiya janata party, for ignoring the plight of the farmers though chief minister devendrafadnavis hails from the vidarbha region.
;;0.3182;;accordingly, chief minister devendrafadnavis intends to expand his council of ministers by next week so that the new bjp dispensations first full-fledged session runs smoothly.
;;0.3612;;the shiv sena chief would meet a bjp core committee on friday after petroleumand natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan and maharashtra cooperation and marketing minister chandrakant patil arrive to see him.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis follows modi and jaitley to pawar's home turfmumbai, nov 6, 2015, (pti) 18:47 istafter prime minister narendra modi praised ncp chief sharad pawar on the latter's home turf in baramati, and union finance minister arun jaitley followed it up with a visit last month, it was now the turn of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to come calling.
;;0.3612;;pawar hosted fadnavis in baramati today, like he did with senior bjp leaders modi and jaitley.
;;0.0;;fadnavis inaugurated a three-day agro exhibition organised by the krishi vigyan kendra at baramati.
;;0.1027;;fadnavis, who reached the venue in a battery operated vehicle, was also taken around the exhibition by pawar.
;;0.0;;the ncp chief occupied the front seat of the vehicle while fadnavis and agriculture minister eknath khadse sat behind.
;;0.0;;at the inaugural event, in the appasaheb pawar auditorium, pawar reminded fadnavis that three years ago maharashtra was leading in pulses production.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis recently made it clear that the visits of high profile government functionaries to baramati won't affect the probe.
;;0.7184;;all the vvips including chief minister devendrafadnavis , shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, amitabh bachchan and aamir khan were safely evacuated to safer areas.
;;0.5106;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, took strong exception towards a section of sena leaders who are not part of talks for speaking out of turn.
;;-0.1027;;kadam also alleged that bjp leader and revenue minister eknath khadse was trying hard to topple the fadnavis government as he was not made the chief minister.
;;0.0;;22 pm was put under control, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters.
;;0.7184;;all the vvips including fadnavis, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, amitabh bachchan and aamir khan were safely evacuated to safer areas.
;;0.0258;;navi mumbai, apr 9, 2016 (pti) 15:16 ista day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur today warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
;;0.0772;;the decision to make toilets mandatory for those contesting local body polls was taken at a meeting of maharashtra cabinet, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis here today.
;;0.7351;;in 2016, during a review meeting of coastal security chaired by union home minister rajnath singh in mumbai, a proposal was floated by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to create a central marine police force, on the lines of our central armed police forces (capf), which found support from a few other coastal states, too.
;;0.5106;;fadnavis keeps plum portfoliosmumbai, nov 02, 2014, dhns: 1:26 istexpansion of ministry to take place after trust vote in legislative assemblyin accordance with prime minister narendra modis mantra of minimum government, maximum governance, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has come out with a ministry where key people handle subjects which are interrelated.
;;0.0;;two days after he was sworn in as the chief minister along with seven cabinet-rank ministers and two ministers of state, the 44-year-old fadnavis allocated portfolios on sunday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has kept home, urban development and housing ministries and all other ministries that had not been allotted pending talks with shiv sena.
;;0.25;;fadnavis is following modis vision and his model of the prime ministers office, which would be replicated in the chief ministers officer (cmo).
;;0.0258;;he said that after the proposal is received, the matter will be taken up with chief minister devendrafadnavis for further action.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, who is member of the committee appointed by the centre on promotion of cashless society, had pointed out during a recent meeting with the panel members that needs of farmers, labourers from unorganised sector and small vendors should be considered first.
;;0.4019;;pti photoamruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , has demanded exemption from levying the gst on sanitary napkins prepared by self help groups (shgs).
;;0.9274;;not because she is chief minister's wife but because she is a lady who wants to make use of her talent and be successful on her own merit.
;;0.5106;;man linked to security lapse at pm event in mumbai heldmumbai, nov 7, 2014, (pti): 21:25 ista man who posed as a public servant and gained unauthorised entry into the swearing-in ceremony of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis where he shared dais with prime minister narendra modi, has been arrested.
;;0.0;;oppn lashes out at fadnavis over commentmumbai, nov 5, 2015, dhns: 1:23 istthe opposition the congress and the ncp in maharashtra lashed out at chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that the bureaucracy has not been cooperating with the state government.
;;-0.4023;;the ncp spokesperson said fadnavis does not trust the bureaucracy since he is driven by the sangh ideology.
;;0.6808;;fadnavis visits pawar's turf in baramatimumbai/pune, nov 7, 2015, dhns: 0:26 istafter prime minister narendra modi and union finance minister arun jaitley, it was the turn of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , to visit baramati in pune district, the home turf of nationalist congress party (ncp) supremo sharad pawar.
;;0.5859;;while modi had visited baramati on february 14, jaitley had visited the municipal town on october 17  and in their speeches that had showered praises on pawar, a former maharashtra cm, who has also served as defence minister, agriculture minister at the centre and also the leader of opposition in lok sabha.
;;0.0;;at baramati, fadnavis inaugurated a three-day agro exhibition organised by the krishi vigyan kendra.
;;0.0;;at the inaugural event, in the appasaheb pawar auditorium, pawar reminded fadnavis that three years ago maharashtra was leading in pulses production.
;;-0.1027;;shiv sena president uddhav thackeray has left no stone unturned in showing displeasure against modi, bjp president amit shah and top leaders, including maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6956;;but fadnavis and thackeray brokered peace and allowed shiv senas mayor to take charge in the oldest corporation of asia.
;;-0.5719;;even while this was happening, the sena targeted the fadnavis government and demanded a loan waiver for the states distressed farmers.
;;0.7184;;it appears that a balance of power has been established and that fadnavis and thackeray will keep each other in good humour.
;;0.0;;the fadnavis government is half-way through its five year term.
;;0.0;;cm emerges strongerahead of the mega municipal and local bodies polls in february, thackeray had announced that the sena would henceforth not have any electoral alliance with the bjp.
;;0.8357;;however, one of the most interesting facts of the recent local polls is that fadnavis has emerged stronger than before for leading the bjp to an impressive show.
;;-0.34;;even amid a phase of political uncertainty, fadnavis completed 25 years in politics.
;;-0.296;;on february 22, 1992, a young devendrafadnavis had got elected as a corporator to the nagpur municipal corporation and exactly 25 years later, on february 23, 2017, fadnavis, now cm, positioned the bjp as the no.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and his ministers have come under sharp attack from leader of opposition in maharashtra legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil (congress) and his counterpart in the council dhananjay munde (ncp).
;;0.6486;;director general of police sanjeev dayal and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria met chief minister devendrafadnavis shortly after the supreme court verdict and the governor's decision in the matter.
;;0.0;;the latest development happened during maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to china.
;;-0.2263;;earlier this week, an air india flight from mumbai to new york, with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on board, was reportedly delayed by nearly an hour.
;;-0.6369;;while fadnavis denied any such hold-up, air india confirmed the delay, albeit for different reasons.
;;-0.2924;;however, it's not clear if chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders will attend the event.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen that the shiv sena join the government so that bjp does not have to depend on the unconditional outside support of the ncp.
;;0.7003;;last month, the fadnavis government won the vote of confidence through a controversial voice vote, which has been questioned vehemently by the congress and four pils/writ petitions are pending in the bombay high court.
;;-0.5574;;mumbai meeting on mahadayi river dispute postponedoctober 20, 2016, mumbai, dhns 2:10 istthe meeting to resolve the long-pending mahadayi river dispute  that was to be chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday  has been postponed.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was to chair the meeting in which karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah and goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar were to be present.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis had taken lead in resolving the issue.
;;-0.2263;;in fact, we have convened our demands to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , after the shani shingnapur protests, she said.
;;0.0;;maha cm must intervene: senathe shiv sena, the ruling alliance partner of the bjp in maharashtra, on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene in the wake of reported atrocities against the marathi-speaking people in belagavi, reports dhns from mumbai.
;;-0.7506;;the agitating women are now waiting for chief minister devendra fadnavis's decision on whether the ban should be lifted.
;;0.0;;at the weekly cabinet meeting headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis where the issue came up for discussion, rs 10 crore has been set aside for the operations.
;;-0.2263;;minister asks ai chief for report on flight delaysnew delhi, july 3, 2015, dhns: 0:57 istcivil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju on saturday asked air india chairman and managing director rohit nandan to submit a report on flights delayed by vips.
;;-0.2263;;the instruction came after a controversy erupted over incidents involving maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister kiren rijiju in which flights were delayed.
;;-0.2263;;similarly, there were claims that an air india flight to the us had to be delayed after fadnavis insisted that his principal secretary, whose travel documents were not in order, be allowed to get his papers and then board the plane.
;;0.4436;;raut said he was not really surprised as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had spoken about saam, daam, dand and bhed (all means and methods) to win the crucial bypolls.
;;0.0;;fadnavis dismissed saying it was pruned, edited and tampered version of his speech.
;;0.0;;state seeks 4 tmc ft of water from maha for north k'takaapril 04, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:18 istsiddaramaiah reviews measures to tackle drought in 12 districtsthe state government has sought 4 tmc ft of water from maharashtra to meet the drinking water needs of the parched districts of north karnataka, chief minister siddaramaiah said on sunday.
;;0.7717;;speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, siddaramaiah said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
;;0.0;;he said a delegation comprising water resources minister m b patil and it&bt minister s r patil will soon meet maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and make a formal request to release 2 tmc ft of water from koyna and kalammawadi reservoirs across krishna and another 2 tmc ft from ujjani dam to bhima river.
;;0.7845;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , veteran crusader anna hazare, national congress party (ncp) president sharad pawar and other party leaders like sunil tatkare, ajit pawar, supriya sule, nawab malik, jitendra awhad and dilip walse-patil were present.
;;0.4019;;prime minister narendra modi, congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, maharastra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray, republican party of india chief ramdas athawale and other personalities also paid glowing tributes to patil since monday night.
;;0.0;;nagpur happens to be the home town of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shipping minister nitin gadkari.
;;0.4019;;the bjp bowed out after it found itself unable to make a clean sweep and a series of back-channel talks between emissaries of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;on friday night, fadnavis and thackeray spoke over the phone briefly.
;;0.0;;fadnavis spiked rumours about the stability of his government.
;;0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the situation and appealed the people to maintain peace.
;;-0.2263;;fadnavis meets uddhav, announces memorial to bal thackeraymumbai, nov 17, 2017, (ians): 17:46 istfor the first time in nearly three months, chief minister devendrafadnavis met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray amidst protests by some sena activists at bal thackeray's memorial here monday.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis with over half a dozen of his cabinet ministers and several bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders arrived at the thackeray memorial in shivaji park and paid homage to the late sena founder-patriarch.
;;0.5267;;as uddhav stood up, fadnavis greeted him, warmly shook hands and sat beside him.
;;0.4019;;theduo - belonging to parties which were allies for 25 years before they split sep 25 - spoke for a few minutes before fadnavis left.
;;0.0;;whie the chief minister and his ministerial colleagues paid homage and later met uddhav, some sena activists raised anti-bjp slogans and ranted fadnavis, go back.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, ordered a probe into the incident late on friday night.
;;0.0;;paying tributes to padgaonkar on behalf of people of maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he enriched marathi literature.
;;0.2263;;fadnavis and mns chief raj thackeray were among those who visited the poet's residence to pay their last respects.
;;0.1109;;pakistani singer ghulam ali's concert in mumbai was last week called off following threats from the sena, despite a snub to it by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who said adequate protection would be provided to ali and that the concert, organised in memory of late ghazal singer jagjit singh, would be held according to schedule.
;;-0.8176;;mumbai, aug 6, 2016 (pti) 11:26 istshiv sena today took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
;;0.4019;;also, if the cm really wants to understand the situation of roads and bridges in the state and conduct a proper audit, he, along with other ministers need to shun planes and helicopters while touring the state, the party said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'saamana'.
;;-0.875;;cm devendrafadnavis has expressed shock and grief over the accidental death of 8 persons at pargaon-khandala.
;;0.8225;;chief minister devendrafadnavis welcomed the budget proposals terming them as growth oriented and with many positive schemes for the farming community.
;;-0.8176;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered that all illegal structures be 'demolished on a war footing'.
;;0.0;;this move comes barely a few days after the state chief minister devendrafadnavis had been making claims that rajan will be brought only to mumbai.
;;0.3818;;the state's counsel, srihari aney, said that chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured that he would personally look into the matter.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis today cleared the proposal put up by the scrutiny committee, which recommends security cover to the person who is under a threat perception.
;;-0.5267;;ten days ago hazare received another threat letter which stated that he would be bumped off if he does not dissociate himself from delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
;;0.0;;the sena chief will spell out the road ahead for the saffron outfit that is part of the bjp-led nda coalition.
;;0.0;;thereafter, bjp president amit shah flew to mumbai and along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met uddhav and his son and yuva sena president aditya.
;;-0.2263;;the mishap was very unfortunate and was handled very well under the able leadership of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , sitharaman said today at the make in india week at bkc.
;;0.4404;;several political and film personalities, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , amitabh bachchan and aamir khan, were present at the venue and they were quickly evacuated to a safe area.
;;-0.5667;;maha govt is not in favor of reopening dance bars: fadnavisnagpur, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 18:54 iststating that the state government is not in favour of reopening of dance bars, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today told the legislative assembly that his government is framing new set of rules for these establishments.
;;-0.8591;;squarely blaming the bjp-led government for the tragedy, opposition congress asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to step down owning moral responsibility and demanded a cbi inquiry into it.
;;0.7269;;it could be judiciary vs legislaturehours after the supreme court ordered the maharashtra government to grant licences to dance bars by march 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that it would bring in a legislation, dhns reports from mumbai.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the conditions and details of the scheme would be finalised by the committee.
;;-0.8886;;i don't believe in vip culture: fadnavismumbai, mar 2, 2015 (pti) 10:50 ista day after traffic policemen stalled movement of public vehicles to make way for his convoy, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today expressed regret for the inconvenience caused to people and insisted that he shuns vip culture.
;;-0.4404;;members of the club were even denied entry as the cm was present inside the premises.
;;-0.34;;he was also under fire from chief minister devendrafadnavis for meeting former ipl chief lalit modi in london when the erstwhile congress-ncp government was in power.
;;-0.4404;;sena, bjp calm down on govt anniversarymumbai, nov 1, 2015, dhns: 1:25 istthe war of words between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seemed to subside and an uneasy calm prevailed in the camps of the two saffron alliance partners on saturday, the day the government completed one year.
;;-0.3818;;in fact, fadnavis got annoyed when asked whether the government or police were planning any action against thackeray for incidents like threats that led to cancellations of concert of pakistani ghazal maestro ghulam ali, blackening of face of sudheendra kulkarni, the chairman of observer research foundation-mumbai, for inviting kurshid mahmud kasuri and arm-twisting bcci chief shashank manohar to cancel his meeting with pakistani counterpart shahryar khan, that was to take a call on resumption of cricketing ties for the two asian neighbours.
;;0.0;;do you have any proof (that thackeray instigated it)today you took his name, tomorrow you would say narendra modi, fadnavis retorted, dismissing the question.
;;-0.6745;;fadnavis refutes delaying flight, to take legal action on the issuemumbai, jul 2, 2015 (pti); 19:43 istchief minister devendrafadnavis today stuck to his stand that he did not delay the air india flight he took to the us, dubbing the reports in this regard as misleading and said that on returning home he will initiate criminal defamation proceedings in the matter.
;;0.0;;said fadnavis on twitter.
;;0.0;;the alleged incident took place on monday when fadnavis was leaving on a week-long visit to the us along with industries minister subhash desai, chief secretary swadheen kshatriya and principal secretary pravin pardeshi.
;;-0.1531;;congress has targeted fadnavis over the issue, with former chief minister prithviraj chavan demanding that he apologise if he had caused the delay.
;;0.3818;;if fadnavis did request for delaying the flight, then he must apologise.
;;0.0;;by interfering with the flight procedure, fadnavis inconvenienced the hundreds of passengers on board, chavan, a senior congress leader said, told pti.
;;0.3182;;if it is proved that fadnavis made a request to air india for delaying the flight, then he is responsible.
;;0.6486;;as per the directives of the special tada court, rejection of mercy petitions by the president, governor and the orders of the supreme court, yakub abdul razak memon was hanged in nagpur central jail at 7 am, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, told the maharashtra assembly.
;;0.1779;;after the supreme court, maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao and president pranab mukherjee rejected memons plea, a battery of top lawyers, including prashant bhushan, indira jaising, anand grover and yug chowdhury, again appealed to chief justice of india h l dattu at his residence on wednesday night stating that a death row convict is entitled to 14 days reprieve after rejection of mercy plea.
;;-0.4215;;protesting farmers to hold talks with govtdh news service, mumbai, jun 11 2017, 0:56 istmembers of the steering committee of various farmers' groups arrived in mumbai and held a meeting for several hours on saturday, during which they decided to meet the six-member group of ministers (gom) appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;members of the steering committee of various farmers groups arrived in mumbai and held a meeting for several hours on saturday, during which they decided to meet the six-member group of ministers (gom) appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.6486;;mrityunjay bose, sangli/mumbai: , june 17, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istwater shortage forces them to renew demandin a significant political development, 42 villages from the jath taluk of sangli district have shot off a letter to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking no-objection certificate for their renewed demand of merger with neighbouring karnataka as they have been reeling under severe water shortage for decades now.
;;0.0;;besides fadnavis, they have also initiated correspondence with the karnataka government.
;;0.0;;jagtap said that in the ensuing monsoon session of the vidhan sabha, he would try and fix up a meeting of the villagers with fadnavis and water resources minister girish mahajan.
;;0.0;;shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, met dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai as part of the saffron party's sampark se samarthan (contact for support) campaign.
;;0.0;;earlier, upon his arrival in the city, shah had a brief meeting with fadnavis, maharashtra bjp president raosaheb danve, education minister vinod tawde and bjp general secretary (organisation) vijay puranik at rangsharda auditorium in suburban bandra.
;;-0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed shock over his death, saying: we have lost a sensitive leader, a great parliamentarian and a true human being.
;;0.0;;this move comes barely a few days after the state chief minister devendrafadnavis had been making claims that rajan will be brought only to mumbai.
;;0.6597;;fresh face fadnavis has task cut outmumbai, oct 29, 2014, dhns: 1:13 istlacks ministerial experience, but has management skillsmaharashtra chief minister-designate devendrafadnavis has several big tasks in hand even as the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) latest poster boy is all set to take charge.
;;-0.743;;fadnavis needs to revive the states sagging economy, control mounting debts which has crossed rs 3 lakh crore, boost big-ticket infrastructure projects, probe series of scams including the rs 70,000 crore irrigation scam and think of a possible re-investigation of the sensational adarsh scandal.
;;0.0;;recently in kolhapur, chief minister devendrafadnavis had pitched for the law.
;;0.0;;shiv senas manohar joshi was the chief minister and bjp leader late gopinath munde was the deputy chief minister.
;;0.4588;;those who want to teach nationalism and patriotism to our chief minister devendrafadnavis should remember that the national tricolour was not unfurled atop their party office (sena bhavan).
;;0.0;;when he was young, fadnavis dared to unfurl the tricolour in srinagar.
;;-0.7479;;those sitting and writing in ac cabins should not indulge in teaching fadnavis, shelar said, in a veiled attack on sena mp and saamana executive editor sanjay raut, who has been most vocal in attacking bjp over the visit of former pakistan minister khurshid mahmud kasuri here.
;;-0.0772;;fadnavis had voiced serious displeasure over the incident and said the state would not be allowed to be reduced to a banana republic.
;;-0.2023;;fadvanis's condemnation of the incident and heightened security at the function where kasuri's book was launched on monday evening had drawn strong reactions from raut who said the chief minister doesn't understand maharashtra and is insulting the martyrs.
;;-0.0634;;mumbai, mar 30, 2015, (pti) 14:55 istdefending his cabinet colleague girish mahajan who is being criticised for attending a children's event with a revolver tucked in his waist, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he has not broken any law.
;;-0.4019;;mumbai, apr 19, 2015 (pti) 10:08 istamidst protests by its ally shiv sena against setting up a nuclear power project in jaitapur, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that the project has now reached a stage from where there is no option of going back.
;;0.0;;the decision came during an all-party meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue saturday morning.
;;-0.2023;;meanwhile, maharashtra dgp sanjeev dayal and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria met chief minister devendrafadnavis at vidhan bhavan here soon after governor c vidyasagar rao rejected memon's mercy plea.
;;0.0;;central team on cauvery has understood gravity of situation: cmoctober 10, 2016, mangaluru, dhns 0:58 ist'no move to take over mahabaleshwara temple at gokarna'chief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said he believes that the central team that visited the cauvery basin areas has understood the gravity of the situation in karnataka.
;;-0.4019;;to a query on the mahadayi water dispute, he said he will attend the meeting convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to sort out the issue.
;;-0.5994;;amid the war of words between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in the wake of twin bypolls, union shipping minister nitin gadkari said that the alliance is on the principles of hindutva and it must continue.
;;-0.7269;;activists seek cm's intervention in shani temple rowmumbai, jan 27, 2016, dhns: 0:58 ista day after protests over non-entry of women to the sanctum sanctorum of shani temple in ahmednagar, agitators met chief minister devendrafadnavis and urged him to reverse the restriction.
;;0.4939;;we have decided to perform a separate 'dhwaja rohan' on august 18, a day before the flag-hoisting ceremony of akhada parishad, sadhvi bhavanta told reporters here before leaving for mumbai to hand over an invitation to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for the event.
;;0.0;;the ceremony was attended by cm fadnavis among others.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had met bjp president amit shah in new delhi yesterday and is believed to have got the nod for bjp probables in the expansion exercise.
;;0.0;;from mumbai, there is speculation over inclusion of mangal prabhat lodha, the malabar hill mla, and raj purohit, who represents colaba, and ashish shelar, the bandra mla, who is also city bjp chief.
;;0.0;;however, chief minister devendrafadnavis has defended tawde, calling the controversy a non-issue.
;;-0.4215;;mumbai, dec 5, 2014, (pti): 12:30 istncp chief and former union minister sharad pawar underwent a surgery at a private hospital here today after he sustained a leg injury from a fall at his delhi residence three days ago.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and senior minister vinod tawde were among those who visited the hospital on tuesday to enquire about pawar's health.
;;0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked the state police to discontinue the practice of giving the guard of honour in every district, he visits, calling it a waste of time and resources.
;;0.1027;;soon after being sworn in as the chief minister on october 31 last year, fadnavis had spoken of discouraging the 'vip culture' in the state.
;;-0.5994;;sena threatens to pull out, bjp calls it 'nautanki'thane, oct 30, 2015 (pti) 19:32 istbjp-shiv sena ties today hit a new low with uddhav thackeray threatening to pull out of nda if bjp continues with its arrogance even as one of his party ministers in maharashtra government offered to quit, but it was dismissed as drama by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.34;;sena minister eknath shinde, who holds public undertaking portfolio, made the offer to resign at a civic poll rally in kalyan after the sena chief lashed out at fadnavis.
;;0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis directed municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) to prepare a fresh plan within four months in place of the earlier one which drew criticism from various quarters that it has been ridden with flaws and showed little concern for the heritage structures of the city dating back to colonial days.
;;0.8591;;ekbote also said the samiti has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , inviting him to attend a function to honour sambhaji bhide guruji, a former rss activist, with the veer jeeva mahale award.
;;0.0;;maria, a 1981 batch ips officer, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday night and presented his side of the case.
;;-0.4767;;congress, however, has stepped up its attack of maria with former chief minister prithviraj chavan saying he was not aware of the june 2014 meeting between maria and modi.
;;0.0;;after a photograph of him and modi surfaced on saturday, maria released a statement admitting that he met the former ipl chief at the instance of a lawyer when he was in london to attend a conference and had informed former home minister late r r patil on his return.
;;0.0;;the police chief meets lalit modi and the government is not aware of it, leader of opposition in state assembly balasaheb vikhe-patil said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis also laid a wreath.
;;-0.1513;;maharashtra to send revised drought aid proposal to centrenagpur/mumbai, dec 18, 2014, dhns 0:12 istunseasonal rain compounds problemsdescribing the drought situation as extremely serious, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has decided to send a revised memorandum to the centre including 5,700 more villages to the initial tally of around 19,000 villages.
;;-0.8625;;fadnavis denies holding up us-bound air india flightmumbai, july 2, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istfacing criticism for delaying an us-bound air india flight, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday dismissed as a blatant lie and misleading the reports that he refused to travel till bureaucrat praveensinh pardeshi managed to organise his right passport and visa papers.
;;-0.4005;;i totally deny it, the 44-year-old fadnavis tweeted on wednesday evening.
;;-0.7506;;however, as the issue snowballed into a national political debate on thursday evening, fadnavis threatened criminal defamation proceedings once he is back in india.
;;0.0;;fadnavis clarification came hours after the prime ministers office (pmo) asked for a report from the ministry of civil aviation on incidents involving fadnavis and another different incident involving union minister of state for home kiren rijiju.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the government will give rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.0;;over the last four days, since maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis arrived in mumbai after his tour to japan, bakshi had several one-on-one meetings with the chief minister and had sought a detailed report of the probe from director general of police sanjeev dayal.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is currently visiting the us following a trip to canada.
;;0.0;;in 2019, people are going to vote narendra modi again because what india could not achieve in 67 years, we have achieved a lot in the last four years, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told pti in an interview here yesterday.
;;-0.2006;;fadnavis reiterated that it was very unfortunate when senior leaders like pawar make such comments.
;;0.9201;;fadnavis had won a controversial confidence vote last week which was passed by a voice vote, and the shiv sena and congress, later urged governor ch vidyasagar rao to direct the government to seek a fresh vote in which its strength be determined through division of votes.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government will give rs five lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.0;;maharashtra parliamentary affairs minister prakash mehta, education minister vinod tawde (both from bjp), mns chief raj thackeray and union power minister piyush goyal also paid floral tributes to deora, a sitting rajya sabha mp.
;;0.8519;;2 in chief minister devendra fadnavis' cabinet, came a day after the party warned the bjp it would sit in the opposition if it (bjp) took the help of nationalist congress party to prop up the minority government during the confidence vote here wednesday, nov 12.
;;-0.25;;the day started with maharashtra governor c.v. rao swearing in senior legislator j.p. gavit as the pro-tem speaker of the new assembly ahead of the crucial floor test by fadnavis after two days.
;;0.4215;;an rti query filed by activist anil galgali recently found that chief minister devendrafadnavis had approved rs 8 lakh for a government employees' dance troupe to participate in a competition in bangkok in december.
;;0.0258;;the matter would be taken up with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.6705;;i will write to chief ministers of perennial drought-hit states to identity the highest farmers suicide reported districts and submit a detailed report, water resources minister uma bharti told dh.
;;0.0258;;i have already discussed the issue with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and will discuss the matter with other states, including karnataka, telangana, andhra pradesh, odisha, chattisgarh, jharkhand, uttar pradesh and rajasthan, she added.
;;0.5719;;a delegation of muslim legislators had on friday submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking that december 24, which will be celebrated as prophet mohammed's birthday, to be declared a 'dry day' (no liquor sales).
;;0.25;;senior congress leader and former minister naseem khan, who led the delegation, in a statement had said that they urged fadnavis to consider their demand, like it is done on mahavir jayanti and gandhi jayanti every year.
;;-0.9099;;it also means more trouble for chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is already reeling under various problems: the rs 206-crore anganwadi scam in which the name of late gopinath munde's daughter and women and child development minister pankaja figures, the alleged fake educational qualifications of senior ministers vinod tawde and babanrao lonikar, and mumbai police chief rakesh maria's july 2014 meeting with ipl ex-chief lalit modi in london.
;;0.2732;;purohit was also seen in the video accusing fadnavis being in a nexus with the builders' lobby, which he claimed is represented by party colleague and mla mangal prabhat lodha.
;;-0.9118;;maha dalit killings: raj asks cm for action to nab culpritsmumbai, nov 2, 2014, (pti) 15:29 istmns chief raj thackeray today called on newly-appointed state chief minister devendrafadnavis and asked him to take steps to arrest culprits of the last month's gruesome murder of three members of a dalit family at a village in ahmednagar district.
;;-0.2732;;after the meeting, raj told reporters that he had asked fadnavis to personally look into the matter as the accused are still at large.
;;-0.34;;i also discussed (with the cm) the need to boost the morale of policemen who investigate cases of caste violence.
;;-0.2263;;the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief said he had also demanded rs 3,000 per quintal for sugarcane growers and also filling the vacant post of nashik municipal commissioner.
;;0.7096;;chief ministers turn ceos, woo nris to invest in their statesjan 09, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:28 istchief ministers of four states and a union territory donned the role of chief executive officers (ceos) on the second day of pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd) on sunday, wooing nris to invest in their respective states.
;;0.4767;;chief ministers of karnataka, assam, maharashtra, chhattisgarh and puducherry got down the business and displayed competition to woo investments.
;;0.9442;;highlighting the advantages karnataka has, chief minister siddaramaiah said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens, hi-technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis; his rajasthan counterpart vasudara raje, gujarat chief minister anandiben patel; shivaraj singh chauhan and lakshmikanth parsekar - chief ministers of madhya pradesh and goa respectively, chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh and dr nirmal singh, the deputy chief minister of jammu and kashmir were present on the dais.
;;0.0258;;chief minister devendrafadnavis retained the home department, a portfolio sought by the sena.
;;0.0;;fadnavis will also hold urban development, general administration, tourism, ports, information and public relations among others.
;;0.8655;;instead of providing security to ghulam ali, it is more important to enhance security for our countrymen and on our borders, he said, referring to chief minister devendra fadnavis' assurance on providing full security to the pakistani maestro in the state.
;;0.5859;;even as fadnavis promised adequate security to ghulam ali, the event organisers met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and decided to cancel ghulam ali's participation in the commemorative programmes.
;;0.7184;;our leaders do not wear mask: sena on fadnavis' poll remarksmumbai, may 27, 2015 (pti) 11:40 istshiv sena today hit back at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his remarks that going solo in the assembly polls brought out bjp's true strength, saying sena leaders do not wear mask or makeup.
;;0.6249;;though sena welcomed fadnavis' stand on fighting the next municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) election together, it asked the chief minister to come clean on what led to the sena-bjp alliance breakup ahead of the assembly polls.
;;0.5267;;sena said fadnavis should first work towards ensuring that neighbouring states do not take away business from maharashtra rather than inviting foreign investment into the state.
;;0.0762;;all head-offices are being shifted elsewhere and the cm does not take a hard stand on it.
;;0.0;;if fadnavis does not show nerve with the centre, then other states will take away whatever is left here, the editorial further said.
;;0.4019;;boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.3818;;mumbai, dec 5, 2014, (pti): 11:38 istweeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the shiv sena will finally join the bjp-led government today when chief minister devendrafadnavis expands his cabinet.
;;-0.0258;;maria promoted as dgp, javed ahmed is new mumbai police chiefmumbai, sep 8, 2015, (pti) 15:04 istin a sudden decision in the midst of the sheena bora murder probe, mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria was today promoted and posted as the director general of police (home guards) while dg-rank officer ahmed javed was made the police chief of the metro.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is away in japan on a visit.
;;-0.1027;;maharashtra to top country in conviction rate: fadnavismumbai, oct 31, 2015, (pti) 12:36 istmaharashtra has registered a phenomenal increase in crime conviction rate after bjp-led government came to power and the state is likely to emerge as india's leader on this front next year, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led the campaign for their respective parties, preferred to speak with caution on a possible post-poll alliance and claim to the mayoral post.
;;0.6597;;though the senas tally is more than that of its former alliance partner in mumbai corporation, bjps mumbai chief ashish shelar said his party had the pre-poll support of some independents.
;;0.8126;;i would like to congratulate chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bjp workers for the tremendous support.
;;-0.8074;;file photo for representationfarmers across maharashtra has threatened a strike starting thursday after talks with chief minister devendrafadnavis on various issues including the long-pending demand of a loan waiver failed.
;;-0.5106;;on tuesday night, representatives of the kisan kranti morcha, a state-level coordination committee of various farmers met fadnavis; however, the talks failed.
;;0.2144;;the fadnavis government had not only been the target of the opposition parties - congress and ncp but also its own allies - the uddhav thackeray-led shiv sena and raju shetti-led swabhimani shetkari sangathana.
;;0.5106;;a sahitya akademi and a padma shri awardee, he will be remembered forever for his writings which enthralled an entire generation, sonia said in a condolence message maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said urdu literature has lost a popular figure in fazli's demise.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has issued invitations for the event and the global citizen india website also mentions maharashtra government as a strategic partner, nirupam stated in a memorandum.
;;0.3182;;he alleged that fadnavis, who heads mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), has granted 75 per cent concession for the gig for use of its ground in the bandra kurla complex (bkc) without any policy decision.
;;-0.1027;;the bhumata brigade, a women's outfit spearheading the campaign against the ban on female devotees entering the sacred platform at shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking his support to the move, after police foiled their attempt to storm the shrine.
;;0.6808;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis is supportive towards the initiative and that he will extend all help and co-operation from his end.
;;0.0;;the fact that i have spent a couple of years at royals in the role of a mentor, i have seen the other side of what the sport is, dravid, who was present as a chief guest at the convocation of international institute of sports management along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , said.
;;-0.5994;;implement srikrishna panel report on 1992-93 riots: azmimumbai, aug 3, 2015, (pti) 20:58 istin the wake of the execution of 1993 mumbai bomb blasts convict yakub memon last week, samajwadi party leader abu azmi has written a letter to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding swift action on the findings of the srikrishna commission.
;;0.5423;;the decision to hang yakub for his involvement in the mumbai bomb blasts was taken by the supreme court and we respect its decision, azmi, maharashtra unit chief of sp, said in the letter.
;;0.0;;elected representatives had recently urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to release water from koyna dam into river krishna to meet drinking water needs of villages in belagavi, vijayapura and bagalkot districts.
;;-0.891;;maharashtra makes u-turn on animal slaughtermumbai, april 08, 2015, dhns 23:09 istcm says no plan to ban goat meata day after the maharashtra government indicated in the bombay high court that it was contemplating a ban on slaughter of other animals other than cows, it took a u-turn with chief minister devendrafadnavis clarifying that there was no such plans.
;;-0.4588;;on tuesday, the controversy forced the chief minister to make a statement following a query by shiv sena mla sunil prabhu.
;;-0.5106;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has stated that the miscreants behind the communal riots would not be spared.
;;-0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to people to venture out only if required and asked them to stay away from seafronts during high tide slots as it can prove fatal.
;;-0.1779;;rakesh maria gets a breathermumbai, june 25, 2015, dhns: 1:48 istmumbai police commissioner rakesh maria, who has been embroiled in a raging controversy over meeting former ipl boss lalit modi in london in june 2014, on wednesday night got a much-needed breather from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who virtually gave him a clean chit.
;;0.0;;maria had met fadnavis to explain his side of the story and also met additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi, to whom he reports on a regular basis.
;;0.4927;;rakesh maria has done a very good job as commissioner and as chief of anti-terrorism squad.
;;0.4215;;firstly, it was a union minister (sushma swaraj), then a chief minister (vasundhara raje of rajasthan), and now mumbais powerful police chief.
;;0.2023;;report on maria-lalit modi meet submitted, cong slams top copmumbai, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 20:03 istmaharashtra additional chief secretary k p bakshi today submitted his report on mumbai police chief rakesh maria's meeting with tainted ex-ipl boss lalit modi to chief minister devendrafadnavis , based on which the government is soon expected to take a decision.
;;0.0;;acs (home) k p bakshi has just submitted his report to devendra fadnavis.
;;0.1027;;on saturday, after a news channel aired a photograph purportedly featuring maria with lalit modi, the mumbai police chief had admitted that he had indeed met the ex-ipl boss at the insistence of the latter's lawyer in london last year.
;;0.0;;has he informed chief minister devendrafadnavis in his response?
;;0.34;;meanwhile, maria and bakshi, among other officers, attended a high-level meeting presided over by fadnavis to review security situation in maharashtra this evening.
;;0.0258;;new delhi, feb 24, 2017, dhns: 1:57 istchief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday lived up to the bjps poster boy image as the party managed to put up a neck-and-neck fight with ally shiv sena in mumbai.
;;0.6705;;with favourable results in his maiden electoral test, fadnavis has strengthened his position in the party in maharashtra.
;;0.5719;;bjp national president amit shah congratulated fadnavis on the unprecedented success.
;;0.0;;the refinery will produce petrol, diesel, lpg, atf and feedstock for petrochemical plants in plastic, chemical and textile industries in maharashtra, said pradhan, who discussed the setting up of the refinery with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai yesterday.
;;0.0516;;hi said it's donating rs 10 lakh to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in its attempt to offer a helping hand to fight the severe drought in the state.
;;0.0;;00 lakhs to chief minister, shri devendrafadnavis , hockey india said in a release.
;;0.6535;;on the mumbai metro controversy, anil ambani-led reliance infrastructure's (rinfra) chief executive officer m s mehta had recently said, we have approached the maharashtra government to consider our proposal for arriving at some solution to ensure that commuters are not affected by the tariff hike as proposed by the fare fixation committee of rs 10 to rs 110 for the 11 km metro corridor.
;;-0.9638;;hooch tragedy: supplier held in delhi, govt orders probemumbai, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 17:41 istin a breakthrough into the worst-ever hooch tragedy in mumbai that has so far claimed 102 lives and rendered over 40 people ill, police have tracked down and arrested one of the main suppliers of the killer brew in delhi today while the maharashtra government has ordered a chief secretary-headed probe into the case.
;;-0.8934;;blaming the bjp-led state government's lapses for the tragedy, opposition congress has already demanded the resignation of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.0;;the government's assistance to cbi on the directions of chief minister devendrafadnavis and their swiftness in taking the case forward led to the premier investigation agency filing the charge sheet before time, he said.
;;0.2023;;farmers have called off the strikegovernment agrees for loan waiver for farmers, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
;;0.7783;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, in a recent meeting with officials at mantralaya, has decided to withdraw the circular, advocate general srihari aney on tuesday told a division bench of the bombay high court comprising justice v m kanade and justice shalini phansalkar joshi.
;;0.8519;;the sena mp said talks between the estranged former allies in maharashtra had reached a 'conclusive stage' and a decision on supporting the bjp government during the trust vote scheduled for november 12 will be taken by the party chief tomorrow.
;;0.1882;;chief minister devendrafadnavis called up uddhavji and said they want us to be a part of the new government and that they are not interested in taking the support of ncp.
;;-0.5719;;petrol and diesel prices are defined by international crude oil rates, fadnavis noted.
;;0.6414;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , the head of the bjp-minority government in the state, on wednesday refrained from committing to the shiv sena and made it clear that he would not expand his council of ministers until after the vote of confidence on november 12.
;;0.0;;mumbai police chief ahmed javed later told reporters that the city police would not stake claim for rajans custody.
;;-0.4767;;new role needs more maturity: pawar's advice for cm fadnavismumbai, dec 28, 2014, pti: 18:17 istncp chief sharad pawar today took exception to maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' reported remark after the winter session that the opposition should be ashamed saying his new role needed more maturity.
;;-0.4215;;the former union minister said he was pained by fadnavis' reported statement after the winter session that 'the opposition (congress and ncp) should be ashamed'.
;;0.4404;;i had good relations with devendra's father, the late gangadhar fadnavis when he was a member of legislature.
;;0.0;;after taking over the reins, it was fadnavis' responsibility to focus attention on drought-hit regions of the state and he should refrain from talking about a separate statehood for vidarbha, pawar added.
;;0.3182;;being the chief minister, he is responsible for the welfare of the entire state, pawar said.
;;-0.34;;he also said that he has spoken to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis regarding the issue of having a tie-up with the police as they have the powers to intercept calls and arrest if necessary from any part of the country.
;;0.0258;;the bjp made the palghar bypoll a matter of prestige, with chief minister devendrafadnavis campaigning extensively.
;;0.5859;;in the run-up to the palghar lok sabha bypoll, the sena chief had released an audio clip of chief minister devendrafadnavis , purportedly asking the bjp workers to use all possible means to win the election.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had responded by releasing a 14-minute audio clip, claiming it was the complete version of the clip released by sena.
;;-0.5859;;the issue drew widespread condemnation following which maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a probe and the city police registered a case against the firm.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a close shave when a vvip helicopter carrying him developed a technical snag immediately after take off - its rotor snapped electric cables and crash-landed at nilanga in latur district, nearly 530 kms way from mumbai.
;;0.1531;;the rotary-wing aircraft took over for its way back to mumbai after the engagements of the cm in the latur district of marathwada region.
;;0.0;;the helicopter was commandered by capt sanjay karve, the chief pilot of the maharashtra government and besides the co-pilot and navigator, fadnavis, three others were on board - praveensinh pardeshi, the principal secretary to the cm, abhimanyu pawar, his personal assistant and ketan pathak, the public relations officer.
;;0.0;;immediately after the incident, maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray spoke to fadnavis and asked about his well-being.
;;0.0;;on 13 may 2017, the helicopter of chief minister devendrafadnavis , while on a visit to the maoist-affected gadchiroli district, developed a technical snag after it landed, forcing him to return to nagpur by road.
;;0.0;;honble cm of maharashtra was also on board.
;;0.2732;;spoke to commander of the flight as well as honble cm.
;;0.2023;;cm for farmers initiativesfadnavis was in latur for the shivar sawad initiative, which aims at reaching out to farmers across 43,000 villages.
;;0.128;;he was calm, composed: wifeamruta fadnavis, the wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , said that he was calm and composed after the accident.
;;0.0;;there was something amiss after take off: cm's assistantit was not a normal take off, said abhimanyu pawar, the personal assistant of the cm.
;;0.8519;;maha cm to seek trust vote after speaker's election on nov 12mumbai, nov 10, 2014 (pti): 10:04 istwith the three-day special session of maharashtra assembly beginning here today, chief minister devendrafadnavis will seek a trust vote after election of speaker on november 12.
;;0.5106;;on november 12, the speaker will be elected after which fadnavis will move a trust vote.
;;0.0;;the mumbai incident involves a us-bound delegation of the chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this week.
;;0.4019;;yes yakub memon has been hanged at 7 am sharp and his body is being handed over to his family, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis informed pti in a text message.
;;0.0;;chief judicial magistrate of nagpur m m deshpande was present in the fansi yard.
;;0.6369;;on this, the bench of supreme court comprising justices anil dave and kurian joseph gave a split verdict, prompting chief justice h l dattu to constitute a three-judge bench headed by justice deepak mishra, which finally rejected all the arguments of defence and upheld the decision of the lower court to send him to gallows.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met javadekar and discussed environmental clearances for various projects in the state, official sources said.
;;0.4215;;maha cm briefed on ground reality in n-k: shettardharwad, oct 15, 2016, dhns 1:21 ista team of bjp leaders from the state which met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently, ahead of the october 21 meeting on sharing the mahadayi river waters, has briefed him on the ground reality in north karnataka, according to senior bjp leader jagadish shettar.
;;0.0;;expectations are high as the chief ministers of the three riparian states of maharashtra, karnataka and goa meet in mumbai on october 21 to discuss the mahadayi river-linking project, said shettar, who was among the bjp leaders who met fadnavis.
;;0.5859;;maha session begins; sena says no talks on with bjpmumbai, nov 10, 2014 (pti): 14:47 istshiv sena legislators today occupied opposition benches as the special three-day session of maharashtra assembly began here during which chief minister devendrafadnavis will seek a trust vote as mandated by the governor when he stakes claim to form the government.
;;0.0;;today was the first day as mla for former chief minister prithviraj chavan and education minister vinod tawde, who were earlier members of the legislative council.
;;0.0;;in a meeting held on tuesday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis held discussions with simon c p hsing and vincent huang of foxconn with regards to setting up of a manufacturing facility in the state.
;;-0.0516;;maria's hands-on approach in the the case - especially his meticulous personal interrogation of the three prime accused and quizzing others for hours - raised eyebrows and even became the butt of jokes by some senior politicians, including chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;not only was he asked to provide an explanation, fadnavis had even ordered the department to submit a report on the duo's meeting as it has been a politically sensitive issue for the bjp.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis and nine others had taken oath on october 31, after bjp with 122 mlas emerged as the single largest party in the october 15 election to the 288-member assembly.
;;0.2263;;this comes as a major relief to the 64-year-old khadse, a six-term mla who was no 2 to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0258;;mahadayi row: state bjp team meets fadnavisbengaluru, oct 13, 2016, dhns: 1:01 ista bjp delegation led by union minister ananth kumar on wednesday met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai and held discussions with him on the mahadayi river water sharing dispute.
;;-0.2732;;the mahadayi water disputes tribunal last month had advised chief ministers of karnataka, goa and maharashtra to try and arrive at an amicable settlement through negotiations.
;;0.0;;accordingly, fadnavis has organised a meeting of chief ministers of the three states in mumbai on october 21.
;;0.0;;according to the pact, sena will be alloted a total of 12 ministries in the fadnavis government, out of which 5 will be of cabinet rank.
;;0.0;;however, senior sena leader subhash desai who had held talks with fadnavis last night told pti that talks between bjp and sena leaders will continue today.
;;0.5574;;apart from the mutual search operation launched by two states to find 45-year-old dosi, chittorgarh mp cp joshi and udh minister of rajasthan shrichand kriplani had also reached mumbai where they met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and mumbai dgp to seek help.
;;-0.4939;;cms cross swords over dismantling of planning commissionnew delhi, dec 13, 2014 (pti): 19:50 istuttarkhand chief minister harish rawat today criticised the move to dismantle planning commission saying it has created uncertainty in the country, a view countered by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis who claimed the new framework will give more rights to states.
;;0.0;;however, bjp leader fadnavis defended the centre's move to dismantle the planning commission and termed the concerns raised by rawat baseless.
;;0.1027;;unless a unanimous alternative is reached upon, it (commission) should not be finished, rawat said during a discussion in agenda aajtak in which fadnavis also participated.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis said that prime minister narendra modi has worked for many years both as chief miniser and in the oppostion and has experienced the difficulties in the centre-state relationship.
;;-0.4588;;cong boycotts tea party, says maha cm's absence an insultnagpur, dec 7, 2014 (pti): 19:59 istopposition congress today boycotted the customary tea party held on the eve of the winter session of the maharashtra legislature and said chief minister devendra fadnavis' absence from the event is an insult of democracy.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis just invited us for the tea party as a formality.
;;0.5023;;but this is a serious matter and it is for the first time in the history of maharashtra that a cm is absent for tea party.
;;0.0;;however, fadnavis skipped the event as he is in new delhi to attend a conference of chief ministers called by prime minister narendra modi.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister's behaviour is an insult of the democracy.
;;0.4445;;absence of cm from the tea party shows that they are not serious about government procedures, thakre said.
;;-0.0772;;centre last word on gm crops; nod for confined field trialmumbai, feb 1, 2015 (pti) 10:25 istthough maharashtra government has given 'no objection certificate' for field trials of some genetically modified (gm) crops, the centre will take a final call on whether to allow such crops in the market or not, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;-0.2235;;these people are brainwashed in such a way that they do not share information, they would not spill the beans under any circumstances, he added and urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to dig deeper and ask the police to investigate in detail.
;;0.0;;chief minister siddaramaiah, in a letter to his goa counterpart manohar parrikar, stated that a meeting of chief ministers of the three riparian states - karnataka, maharashtra and goa - could be held in bengaluru on any convenient date in june.
;;0.0;;siddaramaiah in his letter stated that he will soon be sending the proposal to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for his concurrence.
;;-0.4019;;however, the meeting could not be held as the then goa chief minister lakshmikanth parsekar conveyed his inability to attend.
;;-0.4019;;sharmaji has not made any contact with us or with our department so far, said manohar pawar, chief engineer of vigilance department who had yesterday requested the actor to name the officer who demanded the bribe.
;;-0.5267;;it sparked instant response from chief minister devendrafadnavis , who requested sharma to provide the authorities with the necessary information to punish the culprit.
;;0.4404;;we will not spare the culprit, the chief minister said in a tweet yesterday to which kapil thanked the cm.
;;0.0;;later, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the thane nursing training college would also be renamed after her.
;;0.0;;the steering committee of various farmers' groups arrived in mumbai and held a meeting for several hours on saturday in which they decided to hold a meeting with the six-member high-powered group of ministers appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.1027;;the decision for maharashtra to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendrafadnavis and the state cabinet gave its final nod to the proposal in february this year.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also welcomed the centre's decision.
;;0.5719;;press trust of india, mumbai, jun 3 2017, 19:37 istfacing a flak from farmers across the state, jayaji suryavanshi, who led a delegation to chief minister devendrafadnavis today apologised for calling off the stir.
;;-0.128;;out of a total farmers organisations that have taken part in the strike across the state, representatives of merely 3-4 of them went to meet the cm yesterday.
;;-0.4784;;ajit navle, a member of maharashtra kisan sabha, who was part of the delegation that met fadnavis last night, said the chief minister did not agree to a single demand substantively for which lakhs of farmers had gone on strike.
;;0.0;;he said that contrary to what has been understood by media, fadnavis has only set up a committee that will study the repercussions of loan waiver for farmers with marginal land holdings.
;;0.0;;even in western maharashtra, according to the cm, only pending loan amount will be waived.
;;-0.0772;;he said fadnavis has categorically refused pension for farmers but has agreed to withdraw cases of protests lodged only against farmers.
;;0.2732;;the cm made it clear that cases against political persons who protested for the rights of farmers will not be withdrawn, he said.
;;-0.9231;;the sena, a junior partner in the bjp-led governments in maharashtra and at the centre, also locked horns with chief minister devendrafadnavis for criticising it, saying he had failed to understand maharashtra and that his condemnation of the incident brought the state a bad name.
;;-0.7351;;the sena, whose relations with senior partner bjp has been under strain for quite some time now, also assailed fadnavis over his criticism of its attack on kulkarni.
;;0.0;;this has come as a litmus test for maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is from the brahmin community.
;;-0.2263;;to add to it, the congress, ncp and samajwadi partys maharashtra unit chief abu asim azmi have come out in open demanding reservation in jobs for the muslims.
;;0.0;;but till the time i am the chief minister, i will continue to work for development.
;;0.128;;the congress and ncp, finding a chance to target him, asked fadnavis to reveal why he had said so when neither the opposition nor the rally organisers made any such demand.
;;0.5106;;the observer research foundation mumbai, which is organising the event, yesterday approached maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking adequate security to kasuri after cancellation of ghulam ali's concert in the city.
;;0.5106;;in a letter to fadnavis, kulkarni asked the state government to provide adequate and fool-proof security to kasuri during his stay here.
;;-0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed grief at the mishap while industries minister subhash desai and guardian minister for the district eknath shinde visited the site along with kalyankar.
;;-0.8555;;saddened to know about the unfortunate & tragic incident that took place at dombivali, fadnavis tweeted.
;;0.5574;;maratha reservations: maha govt to approach sc, says fadnavismumbai, nov 14, 2014 (pti): 14:16 istmaharashtra government has decided to approach the supreme court after the bombay high court stayed the decision to give 16 per cent reservation to marathas in public service and educational institutions, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today.
;;0.0;;choosing maharashtra ministers is tightrope walkmumbai, oct 29, 2014, dhns: 1:15 istchoosing his council of ministers will be a tightrope walk for maharashtra chief minister-designate devendrafadnavis , as there will be a need to do a balancing act in the run up to the formation of the bjp-led government.
;;0.5719;;fadnavis, a brahmin, who hails from vidarbha region  where there has been a demand of statehood  would have to ensure that all regions get proper representation besides, he would have to ensure that all communities  brahmins, marathas, obcs, scs, sts and muslims get representation.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is likely to keep urban development, housing and general administration departments.
;;0.0;;senior leader chandrakant patil, who is an mlc, may be accommodated in the ministry  but he may also be considered for the post of maharashtra bjp president, currently held by fadnavis.
;;-0.802;;cbi has accepted request to probe sheena murder case: fadnavismumbai, sep 21, 2015 (pti) 20:58 istthe cbi has accepted maharashtra government's request to take over the probe into the sheena bora murder case which involved many financial transactions, chief minister devendrafadnavis today said.
;;0.0;;from tomorrow, senior bjp leaders dharmendra pradhan and chandrakant patil will hold talks with sena leaders, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters here.
;;-0.3818;;there were reports of a deal being reached between bjp president amit shah and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and of sena likely to get 10 berths in the fadnavis government, with at least four of cabinet rank, but there was no confirmation of the same.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis government is likely to go for an expansion ahead of the session and the talks are on to bring on board shiv sena to get the requisite numbers for crossing the half way mark.
;;0.0;;maharashtra pwd minister chandrakant patil had told reporters in kolhapur that shiv sena will be accommodated in the state cabinet before fadnavis goes for an expansion of his team.
;;-0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will go to pune and pay homage to laxman, whose body is being kept for public viewing at a private college here.
;;0.0;;reacting to shiv senas outburst, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: they might not have read the full budget.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has stated that he would make a detailed briefing on july 29, a day before the scheduled hanging.
;;0.6369;;maha cm orders probe over farmer's widow suicidemumbai, june 14, 2015, dhns 1:30 istin a first-of-its-kind incident, the widow of a farmer from the yavatmal district of vidarbha ended her life nearly 100 days after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met her and assured help from the government.
;;0.0;;incidentally, fadnavis had visited her on march 3 while touring the ratchandana, ghorkhindi and pimpri buti villages in yavatmal.
;;0.0;;i have asked the district collector to look into the issue and give a report, said fadnavis in reaction to the incident.
;;-0.7096;;sena asks will flights be delayed for sick persons alsomumbai, jul 3, 2015 (pti) 14:48 isttaking a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis for allegedly delaying an air india flight after an official in his team forgot to carry proper travel documents, alliance partner shiv sena today asked if similar social work would be done for an ill person as well.
;;0.0;;pardeshi was a part of the delegation led by fadnavis.
;;0.3612;;nowadays many cms, like fadnavis, are visiting foreign countries to gather investments for their states.
;;0.5994;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis assured that the function would be held and full security would be provided.
;;0.4939;;we are committed to provide reservation to the maratha community, chief minister devendrafadnavis said after the weekly cabinet meeting, which among other things, increased the upper limit of the economically backward class to rs 6 lakh.
;;-0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , when being asked about the outburst of shiv sena, said: sena has been our longtime associate, and as an able coalition partner, it should be with us in good times and bad.
;;0.5875;;won't align with cong, won't abandon transparency agenda: devendra fadnavismumbai, feb 25, 2017 (pti) 19:59 istthe bjp will not have a post-poll understanding with the congress in the bmc and not abandon the transparency agenda, its plank in the civic polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said.
;;0.4588;;at a formal event, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of road transport, highways and shipping nitin gadkari dedicated the bridge to the people.
;;-0.2151;;no 'prima facie' evidence of wrongdoing by pankaja: fadnavisnew delhi, june 25, 2015, (pti) 18:22 istno discrepancies have been found prima facie in maharashtra minister pankaja munde clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore under the icds scheme without inviting tenders, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today, but did not rule out ordering a probe.
;;-0.0772;;the fadnavis government was yesterday hit by first major charge of corruption after congress accused pankaja, daughter of bjp stalwart late gopinath munde, of clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on february 13 through 24 government resolutions.
;;0.5719;;fadnavis, however, made it clear that a probe will be ordered only if irregularities were found to have been committed after a thorough examination.
;;0.0258;;it was not immediately known if the matter came up for discussion at fadnavis' meeting with modi.
;;0.0;;the chief minister was believed to have invited the prime minister for the kumbh mela at nashik beginning next month.
;;0.765;;comedy show snowballs into major controversymumbai, feb 3, 2015, dhns: 2:14 ista (funny) bone to pickthe aib knockout comedy show is turning into a major controversy with chief minister devendrafadnavis assuring that action will be initiated if any wrongdoing comes to light.
;;0.8442;;the meeting assumes significance as it comes just a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said that sena representatives will not be inducted into the state's bjp government before it wins the trust vote.
;;0.0;;fadnavis for 10-yr rural service by med grads, mard opposesmumbai, dec 25, 2015 (pti) 18:35 istmaharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) today opposed chief minister devendra fadnavis' suggestion that 10 years of service in rural areas should be made compulsory for medical graduates from government colleges in the state.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had yesterday proposed that all doctors must serve at least 10 years in rural areas on the lines of the pass-outs of armed forces medical college, who have to serve seven years in the government.
;;0.4939;;we condemn the statement made by the cm in the strongest terms and hope that the government scraps the proposal within 15 days, dr mundada said.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , bollywood star amitabh bachchan, cricket icon sachin tendulkar and reliance industries chairman mukesh ambani were among those present on the occasion along with cricketers yuvraj singh and zaheer khan, apart from isl club owners and bollywood actors ranbir kapoor, abhishek bachchan and john abraham.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis unveiled the brand new sports facility jio garden, which also has an artificial football turf, spread over 13,000 square metres at the bandra kurla complex which is a joint initiative of reliance foundation and the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to make a statement in the legislative assembly, which is in session, later in the day.
