;;-0.0936;;he also criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis defence that mungantiwar (state forest minister) didnt shoot the tigress himself.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today lashed out at the opposition for `boycotting' the national anthem at the end of the month-long budget session of state legislature.
;;-0.4404;;fadnavis reiterated that loan waiver -- which the opposition demanded during the session -- was one of the solutions to farmers' problems, and not the only one.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis justified the suspension of 19 opposition mlas for creating ruckus during the budget presentation, saying decorum of the house needed to be maintained.
;;-0.5859;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , maharashtra congress general secretary sachin sawant said, the current situation in kolhapur, sangli and other parts of the state needs to be categorised as 'l3', as per guidelines of the national disaster management authority (ndma).
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has condoled the demise of noted litterateur anand yadav who passed away in pune last night.
;;0.5106;;former congress mla from indapur in pune district harshwardhan patil and former ncp mla from belapur in navi mumbai ganesh naik were formally inducted into the bjp in two different functions by cm fadnavis and state bjp president chandrakant patilthe leadership of prime minister narendra modi has instill trust amongst people that he only can lead the nation on the path of development.
;;-0.4767;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will next week resume his 'mahajanadesh yatra', which he suspended in view of the floods battering parts of the state, a bjp functionary said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis earlier started his mass contact programme from amravati in vidarbha region on august 1, ahead of the state assembly polls due in september-october.
;;0.0;;the chief minister will resume his campaign from august 21, said bjp leader sujitsingh thakur, who is in- charge of organising the yatra.
;;-0.6486;;raising the safety of police personnel as a matter of serious concern, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today met chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking protection to law enforcers and strict punishment to attackers.
;;-0.4404;;the shiv sena chief met fadnavis at his official residence over the concerns harboured by families of policemen in wake of the recent attacks on police personnel.
;;-0.7184;;i demanded three things from the cm -- safety of cops in state, proper implementation of law, and strict punishment to attackers, he said.
;;0.0;;mns chief raj thackeray had also recently spoken against the incident and met the families of policemen.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis also informed that the government is working on some unique initiatives for police health, and to increase interaction between police and public.
;;0.1506;;mumbai: stung by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' calling his outfit a party of extortionists, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray today said he will not like to react to it.
;;0.4404;;addressing a bjp rally here last night, an aggressive fadnavis had equated the sena to a party of extortionists and described the outfit's dominance over mumbai for the past two decades as a huge loss to the megapolis.
;;-0.3818;;thackeray did not name bjp mumbai chief ashish shelar, who at yesterday's rally, had drawn the mahabharata analogy while referring to sena-bjp ties and termed fadnavis as lord krishna and expected that krishna will address to fight against the 'kauravas' (sena).
;;-0.4215;;now, one fears if the image will become that of a 'cm of goons', he added.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone was kept at the hands of uddhav thackeray while chief minister devendrafadnavis was not invited to the programme.
;;0.3818;;maharashtra irrigation minister girish mahajan said that chief minister devendrafadnavis would soon make a formal announcement regarding the promises made to the all india kisan sabha (aiks) delegation today and will also speak about various measures taken by the government over the issue.
;;0.0;;aiks president ashok dhawale, had earlier in the day said that they had three meetings with chief minster devendrafadnavis and others including mahajan.
;;0.1027;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that bjp was sidelined when proposals were cleared in the standing committee of the bmc.
;;0.5267;;the comments by fadnavis assume significance as his party is being repeatedly questioned for maintaining silence on corruption in the bmc all these years despite being in alliance.
;;0.0516;;asked about the aggressive campaigning across mumbai, fadnavis said, from day one as a chief minister, i have been looking into the issues of mumbai and trying to solve them.
;;0.0772;;the higher and technical education minister said the meeting of the admission controlling authority was held on wednesday morning under the chairmanship of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.5423;;on restrictions imposed upon district cooperative banks, the opposition demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis use his good offices to convince the central government and union finance minister to solve the issue as transactions at these banks have come to a grinding halt.
;;-0.3182;;by ptinew delhi: about 10 months after complaints from the prime minister's office, the cbi has registered two cases to probe alleged fraudulent use of the letterhead of a joint secretary in the top office in letters seeking favours, including one addressed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , officials said.
;;-0.4939;;it is alleged that one of the fraudulent letters was addressed to the chief minister on a purported pmo letterhead signed by debashree mukherjee, joint secretary in the prime minister's office, on november 27, 2017, the agency has said in the fir.
;;0.4588;;by ptimumbai: days after his wife amruta fadnavis courted a controversy by clicking a selfie on the edge of a mumbai-goa cruise ship here, chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said she is an independent individual who acts as per her intellect.
;;0.34;;#watch: amruta fadnavis, wife of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , being cautioned by security personnel onboard india's first domestic cruise angria.
;;0.34;;speaking in wardha, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis asked opposition parties to introspect why they have lost the people's trust instead of finding fault with evms.seeking to develop a groundswell on the issue, the opposition leaders said they would reach out to the people and get filled forms, saying they want ballot papers back.
;;-0.7269;;on fadnavis asking the opposition to introspect its defeat instead of finding faults with the evms, thackeray said, i think the one who has been installed on a seat (of the chief minister) should not speak much.
;;0.3818;;the mns chief also questioned what was the harm in resorting to the use of ballot papers if the ruling party feels it can win 220 or even 250 seats.
;;0.0;;i will meet pune district's superintendent of police tomorrow and if need be, i will also meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and ask him about his control over the police department, pawar said.
;;-0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday ordered a probe into the fire.
;;0.2023;;in december last year, mscw chairperson vijaya rahatkar had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis and recommended about a dozen measures to empower farmers' widows.
;;0.0;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: in the much-awaited reshuffle, 13 new ministers were inducted in the maharashtra state cabinet led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday.
;;0.0;;by iansmumbai: former congressman and leader of opposition in maharashtra radhakrishna vikhe-patil on sunday joined the cabinet of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;with this, fadnavis has consolidated the bjp's position before the upcoming assembly elections.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while criticizing the congress-ncp last week, had termed the vba as a serious contender in the assembly elections and added that the post of leader of the opposition will go to the vba instead of the two principal opposition parties.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis who addressed a press conference at nanded as part of his maha janadsh yatra came down heavily against the opposition parties at the former chief minister ashok chavans hometown.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis also took potshots at sharad pawar, who lost his cool over questions about his relatives deserting his party.
;;0.0;;fadnavis enlisted work done by his government over the past five years at the press conference.
;;0.4019;;also, in a major deviation from the party line put for the by state president chandrakant patil, fadnavis stated that the decision on the induction of former chief minister narayan rane would be taken only after consultation with the shiv sena.
;;0.7906;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like the mns and the aimim to the background.
;;0.296;;however, in a statement, the state bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis challenged vikhe-patil to prove the allegations or apologise.
;;0.5423;;there were claims and counter-claims between the maharashtra housing development authority (mhada) and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) regarding the structure throughout the day even as chief minister devendrafadnavis said the first priority is to save lives.
;;-0.5267;;right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
;;-0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.4019;;babar joined bjp in the presence of state chief minister devendrafadnavis and pune guardian minister girish bapat, party mla bala bhegade said.
;;0.7964;;after hearing the union's side in the morning, the division bench of bombay high court presided by chief justice n h patil directed the best employees union to withdraw the strike and continue negotiations with the administration.
;;-0.4939;;while speaking at the workers' meeting rao hit hard at the shiv sena and its chief uddhav thackeray for delay n the negotiations to end the strike.
;;-0.1027;;it was thackeray who prevented chief minister devendrafadnavis , else with his intervention the strike would have ended very soon, rao said.
;;-0.8625;;fadnavis made the statement while replying to a discussion in the lower house over the debate on a bill to amend the indian penal code and crpc act, seeking to enhance the punishment for attacking public servants from the present three years to five years imprisonment and making the offence cognisable and non-bailable.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had yesterday introduced the bill in the assembly.
;;0.0;;csmt to thane karjat and khopoli sections, sunil udasi, the chief spokesperson of the central railway, said.
;;-0.6124;;the heavy downpour also forced maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to cancel his scheduled ground breaking function of construction of a new building for mlas.
;;0.7964;;this came maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the doctors to call off their strike as well and assured them that the government would ensure their security in hospitals.
;;0.0;;the state cabinet presided by chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision to form a cabinet sub-committee under mahadeo jankar on thursday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
;;0.0;;congress, also in a representation to the cm on the issue, had earlier said that ever since the bjp government came to power, the condition of farmers has deteriorated and there has been a rise in farmer suicides in the last two years.
;;-0.4654;;is chief minister devendrafadnavis waiting for more farmers to commit suicide.
;;-0.296;;however, one person is still missing, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the reporters.
;;0.2732;;there were also controveraies regarsing technical clearances for the memorial project and mete himself too had written to cm fadnavis recently complaining about irregularities in awarding contracts for the memorial.
;;-0.34;;mumbai: the special taskforce appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to address the prevailing agrarian crisis in the state has urged him to cover all farmers from suicide-prone marathwada and vidarbha regions for loan waiver, irrespective of their land holding.
;;0.0;;all farmers of the region should be covered for loan waiver without any condition of land holding, kishor tiwari, chairman of the taskforce, said in a letter addressed to fadnavis.
;;0.5574;;we are positive on the issue of an alliance with shiv sena, shelar had said after discussing the alliance issue with chief minister devendra fadnavis' at the latter's official residence 'varsha' in south mumbai.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who addressed the newly elected bjp corporators on monday, told them that they should try to change the system instead of being a part of it.
;;0.2748;;the state government has treated the matter very seriously and will make all efforts to satisfy the concerns raised by the local council, an aide to chief minister devendrafadnavis told ians.
;;-0.5574;;meanwhile, shiv sena mla anil parab fired a salvo against chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday.
;;-0.4215;;the responsibility of corruption in the corporation ultimately lies with the urban development department and hence the chief minister, who has been handling the department for the last two years, he said reacting to fadnavis remarks last night.
;;-0.7096;;by ptinew delhi: union minister maneka gandhi tuesday upped the ante on her demand for ouster of maharashtra environment minister sudhir mugantiwar over the killing of tigress avni and dashed off a letter to state chief minister devendrafadnavis , asking him to consider removing the minister.
;;-0.8402;;i request you to fix responsibility for the illegal killing of the tigress and consider removing mugantiwar from the responsibility of the ministry of environment and forest in the state government, maneka told fadnavis in her letter, released to media tuesday.
;;0.6652;;by ptimumbai: the rough-and-tumble of politics may have made maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appear a hard-nosed leader, but according to his wife, deep inside he is a romantic and emotional person.
;;0.9001;;amruta fadnavis, a professional banker herself, shared nuggets of her personal life in a candid chat with actor riteish deshmukh at an event here and also broke into a popular hindi romantic song with her smiling husband by her side, much to the delight of the audience.
;;0.4019;;asked whether devendrafadnavis (48), the first bjp chief minister of maharashtra, is a romantic person at heart, amruta was forthright in her reply.
;;0.2247;;asked what is one secret about devendrafadnavis that people don't know, amruta said her husband, who is just seven months away from completing his five-year term in office, is a very emotional person.
;;-0.1531;;read here | maharashtra cm fadnavis, wife appear in music video on saving mumbai's rivers; congress seeks answeronce we were watching `3 idiots' movie and over a scene, i saw him weeping, she said with her hand gesture showing flow of tears from fadnavis's eyes.
;;0.5267;;also read | selfie row: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis defends wife, says she has own intellectto another query about who attends the parent-teacher meetings at their daughter's school or whether the principal himself comes to `varsha' (official residence of the chief minister), devendrafadnavis said their high-profile position does not mean they get any relaxation in norms.
;;-0.6908;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state even as farmers refused to end their agitation over a set of demands including debt write-off.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, in late evening, tweeted that the government has decided to appoint a committee to look into the modalities of the loan waiver scheme.
;;-0.25;;also read: withdraw land holding limit for loan waiver: taskforce to fadnavisthe announcement of loan waiver by fadnavis came after farmers' organisations continued their agitation in many parts of the state today claiming that their demands are yet to be met even after yesterday's late night meeting with the chief minister.
;;0.296;;however, elsewhere in beed district, leader of opposition in the legislative council dhananjay munde -- gopinath munde's nephew who left bjp to join ncp some years ago -- said the chief minister has not announced anything concrete for farmers.
;;0.0;;speculation on bhosale's future move started doing rounds after he called on chief minister devendrafadnavis here on tuesday night.
;;0.0;;commenting on the meeting, senior ncp leader and former deputy chief minister ajit pawar told reporters that udayanraje met the chief minister to draw his attention to the flood-hit people in satara district.
;;-0.296;;addressing a press conference here, chief minister devendrafadnavis said a committee will ascertain causes for the unprecedented floods and suggest measures to avoid their recurrence.
;;0.0;;the chief minister informed that the last week's cabinet proposal, seeking rs 6,000-crore financial assistance from the centre for the flood-hit areas, has been received by officials concerned in new delhi.
;;-0.34;;mumbai: lodging a scathing attack on the opposition for stalling proceedings of the house for over a week, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday termed the opposition demand for crop loan waiver as politically motivated.
;;0.5719;;shiv sena members, who had walked into the well earlier returned to their places in the house as fadnavis made the governments stand clear.
;;-0.0258;;bengaluru: a delegation of bjp members from karnataka, led by union minister ananth kumar, met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday and urged him to resolve the mahadayi river dispute between karnataka and goa through talks.
;;0.4019;;the delegation, which also included opposition leader in the legislative assembly jagadish shettar and party mp prahlad joshi, met fadnavis in the backdrop of a meeting convened by the cm with his counterparts from goa and karnataka on october 21 following instructions from prime minister narendra modi in this regard.
;;-0.1027;;according to a release from the bjp, the delegation urged fadnavis to persuade the two chief ministers to find an amicable solution to the dispute during his mediation at the meeting on october 21 to be held in mumbai.
;;0.6124;;though the state has one of the best health-care systems in india, we have a lot more to do to create a universal access to critical healthcare for all, said chief minister devendrafadnavis at the launch event here.
;;0.0;;the prime minister was received at the airport by chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and governor ch vidyasagar rao.
;;0.0;;also present at the event were chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis , rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan.
;;0.0;;all we know is that chief minister edappadi k palaniswami is likely to go to new delhi on february 27 to meet the prime minister and hold discussions on various issues in the state.
;;0.0;;by ptinew delhi/mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis briefed prime minister narendra modi on thursday about the drought situation in the state and sought assistance from the centre.
;;0.0;;also discussed on railway land issue for dharavi redevelopment, fadnavis tweeted.
;;0.0;;fadnavis added.
;;0.802;;during his visit to the national capital, fadnavis also attended a high-level meeting chaired by modi to review progress and steps taken to improve the ease of doing business (eodb) rankings.
;;-0.8271;;last year, several incidents of death of farmers due to pesticide poisoning were reported from yavatmal, a major cotton-growing district, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to order an inquiry.
;;0.2263;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has requested the resident doctors to withdraw their strike immediately and ensured them security.
;;0.4019;;by ptimumbai: the number of seats meant for the general category students in degree and post-graduate medical courses would be increased to compensate for the decline in the number of seats caused by quota offered to various communities, chief minister devendrafadnavis said sunday.
;;0.3182;;there will be some solution, mahajan, a confidant of chief minister devendrafadnavis , told reporters in nashik.
;;-0.128;;the activist said fadnavis had mediated when he had launched the agitation at ramlila maidan in delhi in march last year.
;;0.0;;the fadnavis cabinet had on tuesday decided to bring the office of chief minister under the purview of lokayukta.
;;-0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday had accused the opposition ncp and the congress of instigating farmers while expressing willingness to hold talks with the agitators.
;;0.6124;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday promised farmers in the state a loan waiver the like of which never before seen in the history of the state.
;;0.0;;according to fadnavis, 93 per cent of farmers who deserve a loan waiver are small and marginalized farmers.
;;-0.8176;;mumbai: a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis paved the way for the shiv sena to install its mayor in bmc, the warring ally today hinted there is no threat to the stability of the bjp-led coalition government.
;;0.0;;when asked if the fadnavis was still on notice period as announced by the sena leadership in run-up to the elections, he said, only thackeray can answer this query.
;;0.0;;in an indication of rapprochement, senior sena leaders attended a press conference addressed by the cm at sahyadri guest house here.
;;0.296;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra has managed to save rs 12,000 crore in farm loan waiver alone by adopting a digital platform that helped eliminate bogus claimants, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here sunday.
;;0.6124;;mumbai: the bombay high court today asked striking resident doctors in maharashtra to resume work immediately while chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to them to call of the four-day stir, assuring security in hospitals.
;;0.6124;;a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni gave the directive while hearing a petition filed by activist afak mandaviya seeking action against the protesting doctors.
;;0.5267;;all other issues can be amicably sorted out gradually, chief justice chellur said.
;;-0.128;;chief minister fadnavis, while making a statement in the state legislative assembly on the ongoing strike and its fallout on the public healthcare system, urged the doctors to follow their professional ethics by serving the people.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, while appealing to the doctors to resume work, said, the laws need continuous upgradation and the government is open to discussion.
;;-0.25;;another farmer from maharashtra's ahmednagar district, shreyas abhale, had sent a money order of rs 6 to chief minister devendrafadnavis as a mark of protest against the crashing prices of onion and the paltry returns.
;;0.0;;i have spoken to chief minister (devendra fadnavis) on this.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation at a meeting in mumbai.
;;0.3182;;also read: will take action against those responsible for lapses, says housing authoritybut vinod ghosalkar, chief of mhada repair board, had said that the building did not come under its purview.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the building was around 100 years old.
;;0.0;;the urgency was in evidence in the barnstorming by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, as each of them logged four rallies a day.
;;0.6369;;the state government has decided to allow farmers to carry their agricultural produce up to 50 kg in maharashtra state road transport corporation buses for free till november 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced after a meeting with senior government officials at his official residence.
;;0.6597;;investments promised for infra projectsa 10-day tour by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the uae, the us and canada sent in good news for mumbaikars.
;;0.5106;;in many of the meetings that fadnavis had with several business entities, including that of the abu dhabi investment authority (adia), the mbm group, the dp world and the thumbay group in uae, most of them have shown interest in infrastructure development projects in maharashtra and, particularly, those in mumbai.
;;-0.7964;;shiv sena chief president uddhav thackeray had described as farce the committee constituted by the state government to probe the killing of avni.
;;-0.6324;;taking a dig at senior ally bjp, thackeray said if chief minister devendrafadnavis backed state forest minister sudhir mungantiwar saying he could not be held responsible for the killing, why did prime minister narendra modi take credit for the surgical strike, when he had not himself conducted it.
;;0.0;;shinde said they had sent around 20,000 postcards to chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this month, announcing the march.
;;0.736;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said he had asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to finalise senas list of nominees, but later sought to play down the worries over little progress in seat-sharing talks with ally bharatiya janata party for the forthcoming state polls.
;;0.0;;while fadnavis and thackeray have time and again scotched speculations of cracks in the saffron alliance, seat-sharing talks have yet to rival or dwarf the speed at which the allies have been raiding opposition citadels to poach leaders.
;;0.4215;;the sena chief had cleared the air on the alliance earlier this week, as he shared the dais with prime minister narendra modi at the launch of three new metro lines in mumbai.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra cabinet will be expanded on sunday and a final meeting on the ministers to be inducted will be held later saturday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in delhi.
;;0.0;;in the last few days, both fadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar had given enough indications about a cabinet expansion.
;;0.0;;earlier, on friday night, fadnavis had met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and discussed about the ministers to be inducted in his cabinet.
;;0.0;;i met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray at his residence matoshri and discussed in detail cabinet expansion, fadnavis had tweeted late friday night.
;;0.4019;;devendra fadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) june 14, 2019the republican party of india (athawale) saturday announced that its leader avinash mahatekar will be inducted into the fadnavis government in sunday's expansion.
;;0.0;;patil hails from kolhapur district in western maharashtra and was appointed as bjp's state unit chief in july this year.
;;-0.6249;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday took a detailed review meeting with the chief secretary, senior officials from resettlement and rehabilitation (r&r), disaster management department and other concerned officials at ministry control room.
;;0.0;;a day prior to the meeting, fadnavis had visited kolhapur and sangli and taken stock of the situation.
;;0.0;;the meeting here comes two days after bhosale, who is a descendant of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, met chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai.
;;0.1531;;by ptimumbai: asserting that the bjp and shiv sena would stay united, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said the resignation letters of sena ministers now lie into the sarayu river.
;;0.8591;;mumbai: riding high on the victory in the recent civic polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis profusely thanked the people of maharashtra for reposing their trust in the bjp, terming the results as a trust wave, even as the opposition congress and ncp are contemplating on a no-trust motion against his government.
;;0.0;;by express news servicebelagavi: a timely meeting of the state bjp delegation with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday night to make an appeal for release of water from maharashtras dams to the krishna river has paid off.
;;0.4019;;a delegation headed by rajya sabha mp prabhakar kore and several mlas with party leaders held a 40-minute meeting with fadnavis urging him to expedite the process of releasing water to karnataka on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.0;;this project, insists chief minister devendrafadnavis , will turn out to be a role model for integrated development.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was speaking to reporters on the eve of the last budget session of the maharashtra legislature here.
;;0.0;;after the alliance was announced monday, senior bjp minister chandrakant patil and his cabinet colleague from the sena ramdas kadam had sparred over who would become chief minister.
;;0.0;;focus on your work was the mantra during a joint meeting of bjp and shiv sena mlas addressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis and sena president uddhav thackeray on monday, said one of the legislators.
;;0.0;;earlier, in an internal meeting of the bjp, fadnavis indicated that nearly half of the mlas were unlikely to be fielded in the polls.
;;0.2263;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday hailed bjp-led nda's performance in the lok sabha elections saying the 'modi wave' of the 2014 polls turned into a 'tsunami' this time.
;;0.6808;;fadnavis also thanked shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray saying, both the parties (bjp and sena) helped each other and maintained coordination.
;;0.5106;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government will last the full term and expressed confidence that bjp will come to power in the mumbai civic body.
;;0.0;;reacting sena leader sanjay raut's reported statement made today that fadnavis government was serving a notice period, the cm said we don't work on notice.
;;0.5696;;also read: leave alliance issue to me: uddhav thackeray tells shiv sena mpshowever, countering sena's claim of being the big brother, chief minister devendrafadnavis , while speaking at the valedictory function of a day-long meeting of the state working committee of the bjp in jalna, hit back saying his party was not seeking a tie-up desperately.
;;0.0;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: a woman hurled a balloon filled with ink at the cavalcade of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at akola in ahmednagar district on friday as he started the third leg of his maha janadesh yatra.
;;0.0;;she shouted slogans against the candidature of ncp leader madhukar pichad who joined the bjp in the presence of fadnavis earlier in the day.
;;0.0;;cm, go back, she shouted and also raised slogans demanding that the government should shut down its 'mahaportal' that announces government schemes and make adequate arrangements for the protection of women.
;;-0.7579;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday introduced the bill in the state assembly that seeks to enhance the punishment for assaulting public servants to five years' jail term from the existing three years.
;;0.4588;;parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat said a debate on the issue would resume today after chief minister devendrafadnavis returns from an official engagement in bhiwandi.
;;0.0;;rs 5 lakh will be given to the kin of deceased, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
;;0.0772;;a huge national uproar has been created after the chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis medicated the talks of which the result was that mns chief raj thackeray forced filmmakers who worked with pakistani actors have to comply with including a contribution of rs 5 crore to the army welfare fund.
;;-0.2263;;fadnavis has also been facing criticism from the opposition parties for bowing to the highhanded tactics of the mns and failing to ensure rule of law in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;two days ago, the ncp's mumbai unit chief sachin ahir joined the shiv sena, a ruling alliance partner.
;;0.5106;;also read | ncp leader performs 'havan' to dissuade leaders from ditching partychief minister devendrafadnavis had assured him that he would get all help to solve the problems of his constituency, he said.
;;0.4019;;on sunday, opposition parties boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the interim budget session.
;;0.4767;;the polls are being viewed as 'mini' assembly elections and a test of popularity of chief minister devendrafadnavis who led the bjp campaign to make inroads in the rural areas where congress and ncp hold sway.
;;-0.296;;while bjp projected development as its main plank, during the campaign fadnavis hailed the demonetisation move as a major attack on black money.
;;-0.4404;;in sangamner, farmers burnt an effigy of chief minister devendrafadnavis and condemned the policies of the government.
;;0.128;;while the rss-affiliated bhartiya kisan sangh had called off the stir following a meeting with the cm on sunday, other bodies like bhartiya kisan union and rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh are yet to call of the 10-day long protest.
;;-0.1531;;earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis warned the striking doctors of legal action if they dont resume duty.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, yoga guru baba ramdev performed yoga along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and his followers in nanded.
;;0.0258;;bjp, which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is yet to make its stance clear on the mayoral poll.
;;0.8225;;by ptidhule: people of maharashtra are in favour of the bjp and its alliance, which will secure a big majority in the forthcoming assembly polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed confidence here on friday.
;;0.7717;;fadnavis, who arrived here as part of his 'mahajanadesh yatra', also took swipe at the ncp over its similar pre-election mass contact initiative called 'shivswarajya yatra', saying his outreach campaign had filled other parties with enthusiasm.
;;-0.6124;;also read: why worry if you have done no wrong, says maharashtra cm fadnavis to mns chief raj thackeray on ed noticefadnavis claimed that people feel the bjp-led government alone can fulfill their aspirations and therefore, his yatra has been receiving huge response.
;;-0.1027;;fadnavis, who came under attack from the ncp over his yatra in the context of the flood situation in maharashtra, took a dig at the opposition party.
;;0.0;;finally, it was decided to give powers to chief minister devendrafadnavis to finalise the quota per cent.
;;0.0;;in another development, the bjp's chief whip, raj purohit, issued a single line whip tuesday asking all its legislators to remain present in the house over the next three days.
;;-0.8225;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the cowardly attack.
;;-0.0516;;a delegation of protesting farmers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to discuss their demands and called off their protest after receiving a positive response from the government, a member of the team said.
;;0.0;;a delegation of 20 representatives led by shinde later met fadnavis and their meeting went on for over two hours.
;;0.0;;along with the cm, principal secretaries from tribal welfare, revenue and forest departments also took part in the discussion.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also spoke to district collectors via video-conference on issues raised by the delegation.
;;0.5719;;talking to media persons, she said the chief minister has agreed to clear the land ownership claims made by the tribal farmers.
;;0.6369;;mahajan said the chief minister has agreed to fulfil all the demands put forward by the tribal farmers, including those that need approval from the union government.
;;0.0772;;mahajan said instead of giving 'khavti karje' (temporary loans) whose recovery is low, fadnavis was of the view that the tribal farmers should be provided with subsidy or financial aid.
;;0.357;;by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has asserted that the sugarcane cultivation cant be banned suddenly in marathwada.
;;0.6705;;by ptijalna: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday said the bjp's alliance with the shiv sena for the upcoming lok sabha elections is certain and all internal differences will be resolved by the two parties.
;;0.3182;;the cm was talking to reporters after the concluding programme of an animal fair held here in the marathwada region of central maharashtra.
;;0.1027;;fadnavis reached hazare's native ralegan siddhi village in ahmednagar district in the afternoon and held talks with him.
;;0.6369;;if fadnavis proposes something concrete, then only is there hope for a solution, an aide of the activist said.
;;-0.2263;;also read: mns chief raj thackeray, water activist rajendra singh meet fasting anna hazarehazare began his fast demanding appointment of lokpal at the centre and lokayuktas in states where such statutory anti-corruption watchdogs do not exist, and resolution of farmers' issues.
;;0.1779;;mns chief raj thackeray and water conservationist rajendra singh met hazare on monday and extended their support to his agitation.
;;0.0;;jalgaon: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that goal of 'housing for all' will be met by end of 2019.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is in delhi for niti aayog meeting.
;;0.2023;;sources indicated that cm fadnavis and thackeray are likely to meet at the residence of a top industrialist from the city on wednesday to discuss and finalize the terms of alliance.
;;0.4215;;the enraged villagers later staged 'rasta roko' at several prominent roads including mumbai-agra national highway yesterday, set afire a state transport bus there and damaged some other vehicles including those of police, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to appeal for calm and giving an assurance that the case would be tried in a fast track court.
;;0.0323;;our chief sharad pawar has expressed his views on this matter and he knows that it is a passing phase, memon told ani.
;;0.296;;according to sources, ganesh naik will join bjp on september 11 in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis directed to speed up issuance of ration cards in rural areas, especially in drought-prone areas.
;;-0.296;;the shiv sena raised its voice in the lower house, forcing chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce that the government is studying the up formula for loan waiver.
;;-0.2263;;inside the house, shiv sena demanded the chief minister's statement on the floor of the house.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai, oct 30 (pti) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ruled out the possibility of shifting the proposed chhatrapati shivaji memorial from its present location in the arabian sea off mumbai coast.
;;-0.25;;read| maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis reaches out to sugarcane farmersthere is no reason for changing the location (of shivaji memorial).
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis, whose government will complete four years in office on wednesday, noted that the warrior king shivaji had built several forts in the sea years ago and that too at difficult locations.
;;-0.5994;;farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
;;0.0;;bjp chief amit shah, during his recent visit to the city, had told chief minister devendrafadnavis that he wanted alliance with the sena, the minister said.
;;0.3612;;the ordinance eventually lapsed and the fadnavis government decided to complete all the requisite processes like formation of backward caste commission and getting recommendations from them.
;;0.6124;;the bombay high court stepped in to end the stir and directed the resident doctors to resume work immediately even as chief minister devendrafadnavis mooted a panel to resolve security issues in state-run hospitals.
;;0.6486;;union health minister j p nadda also joined fadnavis in appealing to the resident doctors to get back to work and asked states to take measures to improve security of doctors.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis signed the file on mullick early this morning, an official from the cmo said.
;;0.4019;;by ptimumbai: bjp president amit shah will kick-start maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' 'maha janadesh yatra' next month while prime minister narendra modi will attend its concluding event, a party functionary said on tuesday.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis will be covering at least 152 out of the total 288 assembly constituencies in the state during the nearly one-month long mass outreach programme, he said.
;;0.7906;;in the resolution passed on the welfare of farmers moved by union minister and senior party leader rajnath singh and seconded by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , the party lauded the modi-led government's policy-based, holistic approach to agricultural growth and farmers' welfare.
;;0.2263;;seeking another term for bjp-led government at the centre, the bjp chief termed the present dispensation led by prime minister as transparent, corruption-free, decisive and sensitive.
;;0.0;;few people means chief minister.
;;0.0;;i expect chief minister devendrafadnavis to take a decision since there are only 17 working days in this monsoon session, he said.
;;0.4019;;pawar, in a lighter vein, then said the chief minister had taken away two leaders of opposition (former congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil and shiv sena leader eknath shinde before his party joined the government) and made them ministers.
;;0.752;;before the session began, some opposition mlas staged a protest outside the legislature and alleged that the fadnavis government was not keeping its promise of development, but was busy inducting into the cabinet those who switched loyalties from the opposition to the ruling party.
;;-0.128;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday slammed opposition parties for blaming electronic voting machines (evms) for poll reverses, claiming voters have only prime minister narendra modi in mind.
;;0.0;;fadnavis on friday embarked on the third phase of his mahajanadesh yatra from ahmednagar district.
;;-0.6597;;pune: amid the ongoing agitation by farmers in maharashtra, a cultivator allegedly committed suicide at a village in solapur district, leaving behind a note purportedly stating that he should not be cremated till the chief minister visits his place and meets their demands.
;;0.3182;;please take my body to village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
;;-0.6705;;bhosale also confirmed that the farmer's suicide note stated his body should not be cremated until the chief minister visits his place and announces a loan waiver for farmers.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and bjp's ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across maharashtra for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said marathas will be provided reservations over and above the existing 52 per cent quota.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis launched party's poll campaign in the state at a massive public rally at nigdi near pune.
;;0.7506;;while addressing the youth at the rally, fadnavis enumerated various schemes implemented by his government for promoting entrepreneurship and boosting employment apart from a mention of union government schemes like the mudra loan.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for central funds during a meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;fadnavis urged central assistance citing the ongoing situation.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently declared that construction of the road will begin in october this year and would be completed within the next three years.
;;0.0772;;we will resign whenever uddhavji asks us to do so, kadam told reporters here after the sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over a demand seeking cancellation of a government directive related to removal of religious photos from government offices.
;;-0.3182;;he said the sena mps have also decided to boycott the all-party mps' meeting called by fadnavis ahead of the parliament's budget session.
;;-0.6249;;hazare has now begun his fast as he is disappointed with the state government for not appointing the lokayukta, the aide said hazare had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, saying he would launch the agitation in his village from wednesday.
;;-0.128;;the activist said the chief minister had mediated when he had launched the agitation at ramlila maidan in delhi in march last year.
;;0.0;;the fadnavis cabinet had on tuesday decided to bring the office of chief minister under the jurisdiction of lokayukta.
;;0.2023;;by ptimumbai: ncp president sharad pawar has demanded a complete farm loan waiver in drought-affected maharashtra and also sought an appointment with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue, his party said monday.
;;0.0;;pawar's meeting with fadnavis may take place in two days, ncp chief spokesperson malik said in a statement here.
;;-0.8442;;in june 2017, the fadnavis government had announced a scheme, chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari sanman yojana, to write off unpaid farm loans amid rising incidents of suicide by cultivators due to crop failures or falling prices and rising input costs.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp leader had virtually ruled out yesterday the possibility of chief minister devendrafadnavis resuming seat-sharing talks with thackeray.
;;0.2023;;kamble said that chief minister devendrafadnavis has already ordered officials concerned to issue compensation amount to the farmers with a relaxation from mandatory panchnama of the damaged crops.
;;0.5859;;speaking before shah in latur city sunday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had set the bjp workers a target to win 40 of total 48 lok sabha seats in maharashtra.
;;-0.4215;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today met ruchita sinha, the mother of 10-month-old girl, who was kicked at and beaten up at a creche in navi mumbai.
;;0.0;;a chief minister's office's official told pti fadnavis gave them a patient hearing.
;;-0.296;;the mother also informed the chief minister there was no mechanism to regulate such play-schools, the official said.
;;0.4215;;by ptipune: ncp president sharad pawar sunday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis of giving false promises to the maratha community over the issue of reservation in government jobs and education.
;;0.7845;;pawar cited a reported statement of bjp chief amit shah and asked fadnavis if he will defy his party chief in granting quota to the influential community.
;;0.0;;pawar said while hitting out at fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis made the statement at a meeting of bjp workers at latur in central maharashtra where party chief amit shah was also present.
;;0.0;;after the bjp came to power, chief minister devendrafadnavis made it a priority.
;;0.4215;;however, time was lost when union ports minister nitin gadkari favored an underground link while fadnavis supported the traditional design.
;;0.3182;;vikhe patil also hit out at chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue of granting reservation to the dhangar (shepherd) community under the scheduled tribe (st) category.
;;0.6597;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the outcome of the local body elections currently underway in the state will weigh on the future of his cabinet composition as some ministers will be promoted while others relieved according to bjp's performance in their areas.
;;0.7906;;on the other hand, the ministers who fail to improve bjp's performance in their respective districts, will be relieved from the ministry, said fadnavis during an interaction with reporters at his official bungalow, varsha.
;;0.0;;i have personally held 62 rallies, while bjp's state unit chief raosaheb danve has held 50, pankaja munde organised some 40 rallies, while chandrakant patil and sudhir mungantiwar held 30 rallies each across the state, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the conditions and details of the scheme would be finalised by the committee.
;;0.1531;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was among the dignitaries who paid homage at the 26/11 police memorial site at the mumbai police gymkhana in south mumbai.
;;0.0;;maharashtra police chief satish mathur and mumbai cp datta padsalgikar were away on official duty and could not attend the ceremony.
;;-0.8225;;the then ats chief hemant karkare, army major sandeep unnikrishnan, mumbai's additional police commissioner ashok kamte and senior police inspector vijay salaskar were among those killed in the attack.
;;-0.8316;;by animumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday announced compensation of rs 5 lakh to the families of those who were crushed to death after a wall collapsed in malad area of the city.
;;0.0;;due to rains, central railway suburban services will run in following sections till further notice--csmt-bandra on harbour line, vashi-panvel on harbour line, thane-vashi-panvel on trans-harbour line,4th corridor to kharkopar, thane-kasara/karjat/khopoli on main line, said sunil udasi, chief public relations officer, central railway, chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminus mumbai.
;;0.7269;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , on friday, had assured the upper house of the legislature that the government is positive about revoking suspension if the opposition comes forward for it.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here friday.
;;0.4019;;also read: no party becomes completely extinct - shiv sena on bjp's jibes at ncpganesh naik will join bjp on september 11 in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , a source said.
;;0.2987;;mumbai: taking a jibe at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his statement that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) would never join hands with the congress, shiv sena leader on monday said it is strange that the saffron party can enter into an alliance with the peoples democratic party (pdp), which called a terrorist like afzal guru as martyr.
;;0.3182;;he also criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for not taking action against the mns leaders who yesterday said the party workers would disrupt shooting of films engaging pakistani artists.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday visited the flood-affected kolhapur and sangli, to take stock of the situation.
;;-0.5267;;right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.4215;;mumbai: shiv sena today took a sharp dig at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his role in facilitating the release of ae dil hai mushkil featuring pakistani actor fawad khan, saying he gave up an opportunity to show that there is a 56-inch chest government.
;;-0.7783;;fadnavis has come under a grim attack from the opposition congress and ncp for brokering a truce between the film's producers and the mns, alleging that by doing so he has shirked his prime responsibility of maintaining law and order.
;;0.6597;;fadnavis had the opportunity to show that there was a 56-inch chest government in place now, that has a much stronger spine than the previous congress-led government, which was pro-pakistan, it added.
;;0.3612;;some team members of the web series on thursday also met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who assured that strict action will be taken against the culprits.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, the show's director, soham shah, gill, and other cast and crew along with filmmaker ashoke pandit met fadnavis in the state legislature here and informed him about the incident.
;;-0.296;;speaking to reporters after their meeting, pandit and gill said the chief minister assured that stern action will be taken against the attackers.
;;-0.3182;;pandit said they apprised fadnavis about members of the film industry feeling insecure while shooting in thane, mira road and naigaon areas, where, he caimed, such incidents often take place.
;;0.5423;;he said that a party delegation met chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and demanded a special session of the state legislature to discuss the demands of marathas.
;;0.0;;the minister said he would speak to chief minister devendrafadnavis first, aiks president ashok dhawale said.
;;0.0;;yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis conducted an aerial survey of the flood-affected districts of sangli and kolhapur to take the stock of the situation.
;;-0.0772;;mumbai: the budget session of the maharashtra legislature begins here today and is expected to be a smooth sailing affair for the devendrafadnavis government after the bjp averted a face-off with sparring ally shiv sena over the mumbai mayor's post.
;;0.0;;discussion on the governor's address will take place on march 8 and 9, followed by chief minister devendra fadnavis' reply, he said.
;;0.0;;in this wednesday, may 27, 2016 file photo, european commissioner for budget devendrafadnavis speaks during a media conference on the eu 2016 budget at eu headquarters in brussels.
;;0.6652;;i want to thank ms bokova, but we must transfer our support to devendrafadnavis , mitov said.
;;0.0;;there has also never been a woman secretary-general and more than 50 nations are campaigning to elect the first female u.n. chief, along with many organizations.
;;0.2023;;by ptinew delhi: the supreme court wednesday fixed for final disposal a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
;;0.1531;;earlier, the apex court had issued a notice to the chief minister on an appeal by ukey against a bombay high court order which had dismissed his plea challenging the election of fadnavis.
;;-0.7717;;the petitioner had alleged that fadnavis, in his election affidavit filed in 2014, had failed to disclose the pendency of two criminal cases against him.
;;-0.6059;;the two cases of alleged cheating and forgery were filed against fadnavis in 1996 and 1998 but charges were not framed.
;;0.5106;;the court also directed chief minister devendrafadnavis government and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to provide adequate security to doctors in all hospitals all over mumbai and maharashtra.
;;-0.7506;;launching a frontal attack on chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has taken out 'mahajandesh yatra', pawar said the former has failed on all the fronts.
;;0.128;;speaking about legal hurdles in implementation of such a decision fadnavis said that the constitution doesn't speak about 50 per cent limit on quota, while the sc judgment demands precondition of the exceptional and extraordinary situation which the community fulfils as per the report of the statutory commission.
;;0.34;;if more cas are appointed, then certainly irregularities and corruption can be curbed, galgali saidi have written a letter in this connection to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , he said.
;;0.0;;shiv sena youth wing leader aaditya thackeray, however, alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis had been misled on the issue.
;;0.0;;has misled the chief minister on its environmental assessment report for aarey, thackeray tweeted.
;;0.1027;;both the chief minister and civic chief have admitted that the flooding of mumbai is a result of climate change.
;;0.296;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has reportedly made the congress' demand for leader of opposition status to party mla vijay wadettiwar 'conditional'.
;;-0.128;;at least two senior leaders of the congress said the chief minister has made their demand for the leader of opposition (lop) status for wadettiwar conditional.
;;-0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had tuesday ordered a probe into the incident and the union labour ministry had announced compensation for the victims.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: in a setback to the ncp ahead of the maharashtra assembly polls, its mumbai unit chief and former minister sachin ahir joined the shiv sena on thursday.
;;0.7906;;he said the yatra recently undertaken by his son aaditya thackeray and the mass outreach programme to be soon taken up by chief minister devendrafadnavis were for ensuring the sena-bjp alliance's win in the assembly polls, due in september-october.
;;0.2263;;mumbai: the bjp unit in maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis made the remarks in reference to reports speculating mid-term polls in maharashtra amid farmers' stir seeking loan waiver in view of the agrarian crisis.
;;0.8126;;buoyed by the bjp's success in maharashtra local governing bodies' polls, held in the recent past, fadnavis exuded confidence that people of the state were with the saffron party notwithstanding various agitations against the state.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference there, fadnavis attributed the flooding to unprecedented rainfall this monsoon, which he said was more than double of that in 2005 when massive floods were witnessed.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a 40-minute long meeting with shah in delhi on monday wherein shah gave the directions, said party sources.
;;0.0516;;by ptinew delhi: the supreme court thursday issued notice to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on a plea seeking annulment of his election to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
;;-0.7717;;senior advocate kapil sibal, appearing for the petitioner, submitted that fadnavis in his election affidavit filed in 2014, had failed to disclose the pendency of two criminal cases against him.
;;-0.6059;;the two cases of alleged cheating and forgery were filed against fadnavis in 1996 and 1998 but charges have not been framed.
;;-0.7506;;by ptiindore: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said his state's former ats chief hemant karkare had never used the term hindu terror and disapproved of the offensive remark made by the bjp's lok sabha candidate pragya singh thakur against the martyred police officer.
;;-0.6597;;karkare, as chief of the anti-terrorism squad (ats), had led the investigation into the 2008 malegaon bomb blast case, in which thakur is an accused.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was on a visit to indore, which is home to around 3 lakh marathi voters.
;;0.0;;however, it is unlikely that the whole of rs 31,000 crore loan amount would be waived off, though chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the waiver would be historic.
;;0.0;;after discussions with farmer leaders in the steering committee, i spoke to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had on june 2 announced that the loan waiver for small and marginalised farmers will be implemented on october 31.
;;-0.128;;when asked about the implementation of recommendations of the swaminathan commission, another major demand of the farmers, chandrakant patil said the issue comes under the purview of the central government and that the cm would lead a delegation of farmers on this issue to meet prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.2732;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will interact with 5,000 students from across the state along with subject matter experts and industry specialists as part of his efforts to build vision maharashtra 2025.
;;0.0;;the program has been organised as part of the last leg of the transform maharashtra initiative led by fadnavis.
;;0.8176;;the winners will propose their solutions to cm fadnavis, who in turn will brainstorm with opinion makers, business intellectuals, subject matter experts and 6,000 college students to build vision maharashtra 2025, the official said.
;;-0.7906;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative assembly that criminal cases will be filed against builders who have undertaken illegal construction.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters after the meeting, state water resources minister girish mahajan said that apart from the chief minister, ministers and opposition leaders will also be brought under the ambit of lokayukta.
;;-0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar on tuesday dismissed the budget leak charge, saying the provisions were put out on twitter 15 minutes after the finance minister began his budget speech in the assembly.
;;0.4678;;2 in the devendrafadnavis government, resigned from the cabinet in june 2016 over corruption allegations in a land deal, but he was later given a clean chit by the anti-corruption bureau.
;;0.2263;;unless our chief (thackeray) clarifies, the government will continue to be on notice, sena spokesperson neelam gorhe said.
;;0.396;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the bjp would neither field its nominee in the mayoral poll, nor would it demand chairmanship of standing committee or improvements committee in the civic body, paving the way for sena to install its nominee as the mayor.
;;0.2023;;in the run-up to the bitterly-fought civic polls, including mumbai, thackeray had last month said the fadnavis government was on a notice period, fuelling speculations about its stability as the sena is an important alliance partner in the dispensation.
;;-0.4588;;the ncp chief also attacked the nda government over the condition of the economy.
;;0.8555;;by ptiamravati: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said he was confident of getting a fresh mandate from the people and assured that he would devote his next term as the cm to make the state drought-free.
;;0.8049;;fadnavis slammed the erstwhile congress-ncp government saying the cabinet decisions taken during that time focused on safeguarding the personal interests of the ministers and not of the poor people in the state.
;;0.3818;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government will strive to ensure that the rehabilitation of the flood-affected people in the state is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here on thursday.
;;-0.3182;;athawale said he would meet maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue of rpi being ignored in the bjp-sena alliance.
;;0.4019;;by express news servicemumbai: the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) on sunday boycotted the customary tea party organised by the chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the assemblys monsoon session, claiming the latters claims of development were illusory.
;;0.4019;;citing the all-party meeting called by pm narendra modi in new delhi, fadnavis had requested the opposition to shorten the span of the customary tea party.
;;-0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis should take suo-moto note and move the motion for suspension of paricharak, said congress leader ashok alias bhai jagtap, while senior sena mlc dr neelam gorhe said that all women members of the council were hurt by paricharaks remarks.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted a graphic that said families, whose collective annual income is less than rs 8 lakh -- through sources such as farming, salaries, business-industry -- would be treated as economically backward in this case.
;;-0.4767;;according to the graphic posted by fadnavis on the micro-blogging site, 10 per cent seats/posts would be available for the economically poor in recruitment for government services and admissions in educational institutes.
;;-0.8591;;in nashik, agitating farmers accused chief minister devendrafadnavis of cheating and burnt his effigy on monday, there were road blocks and processions in pune, aurangabad, dhule, sangli, ahmednagar, parbhani, solapur, osmanabad and kolhapur.
;;-0.2382;;there is also considerable speculation whether maharashtra would opt for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections -- though categorically denied by chief minister devendrafadnavis -- but nobody from the bjp has commented.
;;0.0;;the report will now be vetted by the home department and sent to chief minister devendrafadnavis for further action, principal secretary (home) vijay satbir singh said.
;;-0.6249;;on august 11, chief minister devendrafadnavis took a detailed review meeting with the chief secretary, senior officials from resettlement and rehabilitation (r&r), disaster management department and other concerned officials at ministry control room.
;;0.0;;he was accompanied by chief minister b s yediyurappa, union ministers pralhad joshi and suresh angadi, rajya sabha member prabhakar kore and hukkeri bjp mla umesh katti.
;;0.0;;he was briefed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis about the current flood situation and the measures undertaken in the southwestern part of the state.
;;-0.8176;;mumbai: shiv sena today took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
;;0.4019;;also, if the cm really wants to understand the situation of roads and bridges in the state and conduct a proper audit, he, along with other ministers need to shun planes and helicopters while touring the state, the party said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'saamana'.
;;-0.3089;;chief minister devendrafadnavis should remove pankaja from his council of ministers and not give a clean chit to her, maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) spokesperson sachin sawnt told reporters here.
;;0.0;;mumbai: the maharashtra government could spend only 45  of total budgetary allocation made for fiscal 2017 as the model code of conduct was in force for four months in entire year, chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
;;0.0;;gagrani told pti that chief minister devendrafadnavis has formed a committee headed by the chief secretary.
;;0.34;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis this evening welcomed the release of indian solider chandu chavan, who hails from dhule district of north maharashtra.
;;0.0;;, the cm tweeted.
;;0.5242;;reacting to the development, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: parivartan is inevitable, irrespective of those who join or dont in our fight for transparency and accountable administration for larger public welfare.
;;0.4767;;mumbai cricket association mca donates one crore rupees to chief minister devendrafadnavis for cm relief fund by hands of players ajinkya rahane and rohit sharma at wankhede stadium in mumbai on sunday.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
;;0.5106;;the court also directed chief minister devendrafadnavis government and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to provide adequate security to doctors in all hospitals all over mumbai and maharashtra.
;;0.6249;;by ptimumbai: amruta fadnavis, the wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , said monday that she was ready to apologise after a video, showing her clicking a selfie sitting on the edge of a cruise ship, went viral.
;;-0.2023;;after the video circulated, amruta fadnavis had faced trolling on twitter for allegedly taking a selfie in a risky way.
;;0.34;;#watch: amruta fadnavis, wife of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , being cautioned by security personnel onboard india's first domestic cruise angria.
;;0.2975;;the gandhian said the draft of an act against liquor was almost ready, which will be presented to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7845;;the cm is also positive about constituting a strong act, he said.
;;0.4391;;the shiv sena too said that it was firm on its demand of complete crop loan waiver, even as chief minister devendrafadnavis reiterated the government's stand that the farmers need to be financially empowered before going in for the crop loan waiver to make the step more effective.
;;0.0;;shiv sena ministers addressed a separate press conference after cm fadnavis addressed the media.
;;0.4019;;also read | bjp, shiv sena will contest maharashtra assembly polls together, says cm fadnavisthe mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
;;-0.5627;;despite assurance from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on enhancing security for doctors in hospitals and the bombay high court's order to resume work immediately, over 4000 protesting doctors refused to resume their services yesterday.
;;0.4588;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had told reporters in akola on wednesday that his government would complete all legal formalities by the end of november to grant reservations to the maratha community.
;;0.0;;on june 25, 2014, months before the assembly polls, the then congress-ncp government under then chief minister prithviraj chavan had announced 16 per cent reservation quota in government jobs and in educational institutions for marathas and five per cent quotas for the muslim community.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;-0.1695;;watch video:asked about opposition's allegation that chief minister devendrafadnavis has been left to fend for himself and his colleagues are not supporting him during the ongoing stir, mungantiwar said, the cm is not alone.
;;0.6652;;but before taking a decision, the cm takes all his ministers into confidence.
;;0.0772;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and all cabinet ministers on tuesday decided to donate their one-month salary towards the chief minister' relief fund in view of devastation caused by floods.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here friday.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said each flood-hit family in the state will be given rs 5,000 cash while rest of the financial assistance will be deposited in their respective bank accounts.
;;-0.7717;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today handed over keys of newly-constructed houses to the kin of the deceased who lost their life in the tragedy in july 2014.
;;0.4588;;terming the rehabilitation work as a phenomenal transformation and revival which will act as the model for all future works, fadnavis dedicated the rehabilitated village, spread on 8-acre land in amde village, to its residents.
;;0.34;;mumbai: shiv senas vishwanath mahadeshwar was formally elected as mumbais new mayor on wednesday after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on saturday that the bjp will not field its candidate in the election and would play the role of a watchdog of transparency.
;;-0.25;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today dismissed the rumours of shortage of salt in the state and directed district collectors to take action against those spreading it.
;;-0.4939;;there is no shortage of salt in any dist (sic), the chief minister tweeted.
;;-0.296;;mumbai: kicking off his party's campaign barely a week before february 21 civic elections, mns chief raj thackeray today accused his estranged cousin uddhav of wanting to usurp mumbai mayor's official residence in the guise of a memorial for the late bal thackeray.
;;0.3612;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised rs 6,500 crore to kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation.
;;0.3818;;apart from fadnavis, names of 18 maharashtra ministers are also in the list of defaulters, as they are yet to clear their water bill dues.
;;0.128;;a signature campaign has been launched to draw chief minister devendra fadnavis' attention to this non-compliance of the government's own orders, gandhi told pti.
;;-0.128;;speaking to reporters on the eve of the monsoon session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, we have tried to strike a regional balance.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis who was present at the occasion clapped instantaneously as thackeray mentioned the alliance.
;;0.0;;the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cm's official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
;;0.7003;;i felt chief minister devendrafadnavis is innocent and will give me justice.
;;0.4767;;stickers with pictures of fadnavis and bjp mla from ichalkaranji, suresh halvankar were affixed on relief material being supplied to lakhs of flood-hit people in sangli and kolhapur.
;;0.5719;;the stickers say government of maharashtra, free for the families of flood victims of august 2019 floods, rice and wheat - with pictures of both fadnavis and halvankar, along with names of party activists samir shingte and sudhakar bhosale.
;;0.0;;along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , his odisha, madhya pradesh, sikkim and puducherry counterparts, niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya and amitabh kant ceo, niti aayog are members of the committee.
;;0.0258;;the petition alleged the chief minister misused his power and promoted axis bank, causing losses to nationalised banks.
;;-0.8957;;the trouble was over only after a visibly angry chief minister devendrafadnavis went to the mike and admonished the trouble-makers in harsh terms.
;;0.0;;the cm was on his way to himmatnagar from umargam when the helicopter's engine started generating heat, forcing the pilot to land at ahmedabad, the nearest airport, he said.
;;-0.25;;the incident comes days after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a narrow escape when the helicopter carrying him crash landed in latur.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government will table in the state assembly the 'action taken report' (atr) on the state backward class commission's recommendations for maratha quota, before introducing a bill to make a provision for the reservation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday.
;;-0.5994;;after the house reassembled, leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil accused the chief minister of misleading the house.
;;0.2732;;the official from the chief minister's office said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday spoke to his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa, who agreed to release five lakh cusecs water from almatti dam in karnataka.
;;0.6369;;union home minister amit shah also spoke to fadnavis and assured all help from the centre to tackle flood situation in maharashtra, the official said.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was the chief guest and handed over the trophy and a cheque for `1 lakh to swaroop.
;;0.0;;ive handed over a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking a thorough inquiry into the alleged involvement of the congress leader into the elgaar parishad case, bhatkhalkar said after his meeting with the cm.
;;0.3818;;bhatkalkar also said he has asked the cm to ensure the inquiry was completed before the end of the winter session of the state legislature on november 30.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday ruled out the possibility of simultaneous assembly and lok sabha elections in the state.
;;0.4404;;however, the congress claimed that fadnavis may reluctantly agree to keep the bjp's alliance intact with the shiv sena.
;;-0.5719;;to a question by pti on whether he has been asked by the bjp high command in delhi about his views on simultaneous polls, fadnavis replied in the negative.
;;0.2732;;we are aware that fadnavis will reluctantly agree to the proposal of the bjp's central leadership to hold simultaneous polls in alliance with the shiv sena.
;;0.4019;;the mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
;;0.0;;also read | devendrafadnavis advises sharad pawar to introspect on ncp defectorspichad and kolambkar have generally contested against shiv sena candidates in past elections, except in 2014, when the sena and the bjp had contested separately in all the 288 assembly seats, a bjp leader said.
;;0.4767;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: in a major announcement ahead of assembly elections in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced the financial closure of the ambitious samruddhi corridor.
;;0.7003;;at the centre, prime minister narendra modi and in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis are coming up with new tricks, and till the people of the nation are enjoying these magic tricks, they will keep on winning, it added.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently declared that construction of the road will begin in october this year and would be completed within the next three years.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on tuesday that the state government will seek the assistance of rs 6,813 crore from the centre for flood relief.
;;0.0;;(by special arrangement)mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis escaped unhurt on thursday when his helicopter had to crash land immediately after taking off at nilanga in latur district.
;;-0.1764;;nothing to worry, fadnavis tweeted immediately after the accident.
;;0.3182;;please do not believe any rumours, fadnavis tweeted minutes after the first tweet.
;;0.5423;;one more video of fadnavis' narrow escapefortunately, i have the blessings of more than 11 crore people of maharashtra so i have escaped without any injuries, he said in a video message released later.
;;0.0;;when only one of the helicopter engine could be started, fadnavis had to travel by road to nagpur.
;;0.0;;governor ch vidyasage rao and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray called fadnavis over phone after hearing about the incident.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said in gadchiroli the maharashtra dgp is examining if there was any lapse that led to the deadly naxal attack.
;;0.3182;;naxals are retaliating against the huge action taken by the gadchiroli police against them in the last 2 to 3 years, said the chief minister, who also holds the home portfolio.
;;-0.2023;;fadnavis indicated appropriate response against the rebels.
;;0.0;;fadnavis paid floral tributes to the martyrs at the gadchiroli sp office ground, where their mortal remains were kept.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also spoke with family members of the martyrs.
;;-0.4588;;chavan, a former maharashtra cm, wondered why the fadnavis-led government did not take measures to prevent the deadly attack.
;;0.4404;;recently, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar have expressed hope the sena will tie up with the bjp for the 2019 assembly and lok sabha elections.
;;0.25;;recently, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, in party mouthpiece saamana had asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to reach out to marathi-speaking people in karnataka in the backdrop of the controversial comments made by a minister in the neighbouring state against the chanting of jai maharashtra slogan there.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said gpx global is investing rs 400 crore for its upcoming tier 4 data centre in mumbai.
;;0.4927;;had a very good meeting with mr nicholas tanzi, global ceo of gpx global this morning, fadnavis tweeted.
;;0.0;;the announcement to set up a task force was recently made by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7003;;mumbai: after meeting chief minister devendrafadnavis today, secretary of the indian medical association (ima), dr parthiv sanghvi asserted that they have promised to fulfil demands of providing adequate security in all hospitals.
;;0.7003;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has promised to fulfil our demands of providing adequate security.
;;0.6361;;fadnavis has assured us more security in 16 hospitals in the coming 10 days, he added.
;;0.0;;30 pm in the forest area, located near the official residence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , a forest department official said.
;;0.4588;;the rti activist said he has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking to know why an international competition was not considered for the monument which would be dedicated to the shiv sena founder, bal thackeray, who passed away here on november 17, 2012.
;;0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state government is committed to stand by the sugar mills in the state and will extend all the possible support.
;;0.0;;to start this system, a group of ministers will be formed soon, the cm added.
;;0.7717;;the results show that the party is growing in rurban maharashtra, state bjp president raosaheb danve said while chief minister devendrafadnavis termed them an expression of the peoples trust in the development agenda of the central and state governments.
;;0.3612;;earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis had also assured them of the same.
;;0.4588;;a doctor holds a placard demandingsecurity, during a protest at kemhospital in mumbai wednesdaythe court, in its bid to end the four-day stir, had directed the doctors to resume work immediately, while fadnavis had mooted a panel to resolve security issues in state-run hospitals, since the stir had hit health services.
;;-0.1531;;a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni that resumed hearing on a petition filed by activist afak mandaviya seeking action against the protesting doctors, had said, we understand that the doctors are working in strained and horrible conditions sometimes, but we request them to resume work immediately.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis, earlier, made a statement in the assembly and appealed to the doctors to call off their strike.
;;0.6486;;union health minister j p nadda had also joined fadnavis in appealing to the doctors to resume work and asked states to take measures to improve the security of doctors.
;;0.5574;;members of the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) had earlier held a meeting with fadnavis, the outcome of which was positive, said medical education minister girish mahajan.
;;0.6808;;i am hopeful of meeting anna in a couple of days and finding some amicable solution to the issued raised by him, said mahajan, a confidant of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.128;;the activist said fadnavis had mediated when he had launched the agitation at ramlila maidan in delhi in march last year.
;;0.0;;the fadnavis cabinet had on tuesday decided to bring the office of chief minister under the purview of lokayukta.
;;0.0;;taking a jibe at bjp's transparency poll plank, thackeray asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to explain to people how he occupied the constitutional post when he did not have sufficient numbers post 2014 maharashtra assembly polls.
;;0.1901;;thackeray said that during the kalyan-dombivali municipal corporation (kdmc) polls held last year, fadnavis had assured to allocate rs 6,500 crore for its development but not a single rupee has been released as yet.
;;0.0;;the development came after around five hours marathon negotiations between chief minister devendrafadnavis and the leaders of kisan kranti core committee, which ended here early today.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met a state bjp delegation in mumbai on friday.
;;0.0;;the delegation explained the water crises at north karnataka and appealed the chief minister to release water.
;;0.4588;;the developments came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before october 31, which will benefit 1.
;;-0.2263;;after a partial loan waiver was announced by the fadnavis government for small and marginal farmers last saturday, a section of farmers announced the withdrawal of their agitation.
;;-0.1027;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had a close shave after his chopper crash-landed in latur on thursday, stunned everyone when he arrived at the ashram to take part in the birthday celebrations on friday.
;;0.5859;;naushad bijapur byexpress news servicebelagavi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has finally agreed to release two tmcft of water to krishna river and its tributaries from maharashtras koyna dam, in order to help karnataka tide over its burgeoning drought situation.
;;-0.128;;a delegation of bjp leaders and mlas, headed by rajya sabha mp prabhakar kore, held a 40-minute in mumbai with fadnavis in mumbai on friday night to demand the immediate release of water.
;;0.0;;the delegation comprised chief whip of opposition in state mahantesh kavatagimath, mlas shashikala jolle, p rajeev and duryodhan aihole, former minister laxman savadi, former mla raju kage, siddu savadi and leader annasaheb jolle.
;;0.8126;;the cm also stressed on finding a permanent solution on water sharing, and was keen on having an agreement signed between both the states, said kavatgimath.
;;0.0;;fadnavis spoke to karnataka water resources minister d k shivakumar about this.
;;0.0;;he was addressing a gathering in industrial town of pimpri-chinchwad near pune saturday evening in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;they are also scheduled to meet chief minister devendrafadnavis later in the evening.
;;0.0516;;(photo | bhusan/ eps)on wednesday evening, maharashtra's water resources and irrigation minister girish mahajan met the protesters and asked them to hold a meeting with chief minister fadnavis to which the farmers agreed.
;;0.0;;maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai.
;;0.5994;;patil, joined the bjp at an event in south mumbai, in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who said he was waiting for the former minister to join the amit shah-led party since the last five years.
;;0.0;;fadnavis indicated that patil will be bjp's candidate from indapur assembly seat in next month's election.
;;-0.2732;;mumbai: upping the ante against its ally bjp, shiv sena today said chief minister devendrafadnavis will be sent home if he continues to level charges against it in the run-up to the local body polls.
;;0.0;;the remarks from the bickering ally came after fadnavis hit out at it at a bjp rally here on saturday, close on the heels of the sena deciding against a pre-poll pact with the senior partner for civic polls in mumbai and other cities across the state.
;;0.3071;;if the cm continues to level low-grade charges against the shiv sena, for time being it has left him only with a sore throat but tomorrow he will be sent home, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is meeting the doctors representatives again over the issue.
;;-0.128;;<blockquote class=twitter-tweet data-lang=en><p lang=en dir=ltr>maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors's representatives again over doctor strike issue.
;;0.25;;athawale said he met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and suggested that the bjp and shiv sena should have a chance at the post of mayor and deputy mayor for a term of two-and-a-half years each.
;;0.4588;;though official stand from the sena's camp remained that the party chief chose to attend marriage in the family of his own party mla, it is being interpreted that thackeray avoided attending bjp mla's marriage to reiterate his message that he wants to maintain distance from the bjp.
;;0.0;;sources indicated that the bjp has now begun making moves ahead of the march 8 mayor elections and chief minister devendrafadnavis has been given the complete charge executing the decisions.
;;0.0;;later in the evening, independent corporator geeta gawli was scheduled to call on fadnavis at his official residence at varsha.
;;0.0;;a delegation of at least four ministers, under the leadership of senior shiv sena leader and industries minister subhash desai, is scheduled to meet fadnavis.
;;-0.128;;hence, we shall meet the cm to formally make a demand in this regard, the minister said while speaking to express on condition of anonymity.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, brushed aside any possibilities of his government getting toppled.
;;0.4019;;addressing his first public rally in mumbai, fadnavis ripped into the sena rhetoric over the issue of transparencythe major issue over which the parties have parted ways this time.
;;0.0;;we are here for transparency and development, said the cm.
;;0.7891;;by iansnew delhi: the supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for allegedly not disclosing criminal cases pending against him in his nomination papers.
;;0.7269;;a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi reserved the order after hearing both the parties.
;;0.0;;the bench noted that fadnavis had not disclosed two cases pending against him.
;;-0.2732;;advocate rohatgi told the bench that as per rules, fadnavis only had to furnish information of those cases in which charges have been framed against him.
;;-0.5023;;cases of alleged cheating and forgery were filed against fadnavis in 1996 and 1998, respectively but charges were not framed.
;;0.0;;countering his submission, ukey told the court that fadnavis had to mention the pending cases in the election affidavit as the trial court has taken cognizance of the charge sheet.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has invited the morcha leaders for talks thursday afternoon at the vidhan bhawan, where the winter session of the state legislature in underway, a leader of the march said.
;;-0.743;;the congress' attitude has been to change chief ministers and home ministers following terror attacks; we have changed that culture, he said.
;;-0.1027;;5 crore worth assets, ma degree in election affidavitchief minister devendrafadnavis described the opposition as bears and wolves who have taken along a parrot to defeat the lion and the tiger.
;;0.6808;;though the project faces a strong criticism and opposition from all the other parties like the shiv sena, the mns, the congress, the ncp and others, chief minister devendrafadnavis has given a green signal for the project and work has already begun for shifting of the utility lines in vicinity of the ground at bkc, officials said.
;;-0.5994;;after talks with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, the entire process has been stalled, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the lower house of the state legislature after protesters shouted slogans against the proposed mega refinery project from the visitors gallery.
;;0.0;;however, cm fadnavis had indicated at the time that the project had only been shelved temporarily.
;;-0.5423;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday laid the foundation stone of a 10- storeyed complex in bandra which will house a state-of-the-art cyber crime lab, a police station, a training centre along with flats for senior police personnel.
;;0.3612;;twitter.com/hycdzxjoth  cmo maharashtra (@cmomaharashtra) june 15, 2019local bjp mla ashish shelar, who worked toward making the project a reality, took to twitter to thank fadnavis.
;;-0.7184;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday hinted at revoking the suspension of 19 opposition mlas, who were suspended because of their unruly and irresponsible behaviour.
;;0.0;;the development came after around five hours of marathon negotiations between chief minister devendrafadnavis and the leaders of the kisan kranti core committee, which ended here early on saturday.
;;0.0;;by aninagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, asserted chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;by ptiwashington: the maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025, five years early, by investing in infrastructure, agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.6808;;fadnavis gave a detailed presentation of the achievements of the state government in the last nearly four years, including efforts to achieve the goal of a drought-free state, massive investment in the infrastructure sector, including transportation and marching ahead in the new technology sector like artificial intelligence.
;;0.891;;in recognition of his remarkable accomplishments, the india initiative of the georgetown university presented fadnavis with its inaugural outstanding leadership in development at the sub-national level to fadnavis, which he dedicated to the people of maharashtra.
;;0.6697;;in their meeting, the world bank assured the chief minister of more support for rural solar grid and drought mitigation.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also met the co-chairs of the india caucus  george holding and tulsi gabbard -- in the us congress.
;;-0.0516;;today, the decks were cleared for its release after karan johar and producers' guild president mukesh bhatt met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and assured him that filmmakers would not work with pakistani artistes, given the people's sentiments in india post the uri attack.
;;0.0;;we have ordered inspection into all such private residential schools and shall not spare anybody, said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.0;;in a departure from the normal practice, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis himself announced all the decisions at a press meet.
;;0.1531;;putting to rest all speculation over the maratha quota demand, fadnavis also clarified that the bombay high court has not passed strictures against the state government which has expressed its willingness to submit the affidavit.
;;-0.4019;;replying to questions on the issue of amendments to the atrocities act, fadnavis clarified that there was no demand being made to scrap the act.
;;0.5719;;on raj thackeray's campaign against the modi government, awhad said the mns chief has won the hearts of people.
;;0.7184;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday intervened in the best bus strike in mumbai and spoke to shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray to find a solution.
;;-0.128;;the telephonic conservation between fadnavis and thackeray took place after a meeting monday in mantralaya between striking best union functionaries and state chief secretary d k jain failed to break the deadlock.
;;0.5719;;also read: best employees' strike enters day 7, private cabs in mumbai get costlierthe details of the telephonic conservations between fadnavis and thackeray were not immediately known.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis had assured the community that the quota would stand judicial scrutiny.
;;0.4404;;both houses of the legislature on thursday cleared the bill to grant quota to the community minutes after chief minister devendrafadnavis tabled it.
;;-0.34;;also read | maratha quota report: prithviraj chavan accuses maharashtra cm fadnavis of rule wordplaythe bill is called maharashtra state reservation (of seats for admission in education institutions in the state and for appointments in public services and posts under the state) for socially and educationally backward classes (sebc) act, 2018.
;;0.0;;prior to tabling the bill, fadnavis tabled the action taken report (atr) on maharashtra state backward class commissions (msbcc) recommendations for reservation to the maratha community in government jobs and education.
;;0.0;;mumbai: shiv sena today targeted former maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse again, saying he is reaping what he sowed, and his rehabilitation depends on the outcome of a probe conducted by agencies controlled by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6808;;only fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio (and has administrative control over probe agencies) knows if khadse would be proved innocent and enjoy travelling in red beacon car once again (by becoming a minister), the ruling ally quipped.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis won't be attending the meet, the 92nd akhil bharatiya marathi sahitya sammelan.
;;0.0;;fadnavis won't be able to attend the literary meet, yavatmal district guardian minister and meet organiser madan yerawar said.
;;0.0;;the cmo said the mahamandal is an autonomous body and neither the cm nor the state government interfere in its functioning.
;;-0.4131;;mns chief raj thackeray had on monday said he deeply regretted' the inconvenience caused to supporters of such literary events by the action of a few of his men.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had expressed deep displeasure over the scene during the budget presentation.
;;0.7351;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and chuck robbins, ceo, cisco, launching the cisco\'s pune manufacturing unit, in mumbai on october 12 (ians)pune: keeping with its promise to be part of prime minister narendra modi's 'make in india' and 'digital india' initiatives, global networking giant cisco on wednesday launched its manufacturing operations in pune and announced it would build nagpur as smart city with its next-gen solutions.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in mumbai last week, fuelling speculation that the bickering ruling alliance partners in maharashtra and at the centre may come together ahead of the lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had on february 14 returned here halfway through his vidarbha tour to meet thackeray.
;;0.4588;;the state government handed over a letter of acceptance to l&t on thursday in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister fadnavis directed the companys officials to initiate the work before the monsoon rains begin.
;;0.8481;;chavan slammed maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for giving media interviews to celebrate his government's four years in power (on october 31), asking him to personally supervise relief work for the drought-affected regions.
;;-0.128;;speaking to the new indian express, he clarified, saying, our ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to demand crop loan waiver.
;;-0.5574;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: maharashtra government has initiated the process to withdraw cases filed during maratha agitation and bhima koregaon violence, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured the state legislature on friday.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis also assured the house that the kin of persons who committed suicide during maratha agitation would certainly receive relief from the government.
;;-0.5267;;right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.5859;;the bjp should have its cm this time also, and with an increased mandate, shah reportedly told the party workers.
;;0.3612;;when the alliance was sealed ahead of the lok sabha polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that in the assembly polls, the bjp and shiv sena would share an equal number of seats after distributing seats to smaller allies.
;;0.6705;;shiv sena spokesperson manisha kayande said that fadnavis had spoken in public about the bjp and shiv sena sharing posts and responsibilities equally, and hence senas wish to get the cms post was not unfounded.
;;0.765;;he replaced the former lop and ex-congressman radhakrishna vikhe-patil who left the party to join the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and is now a cabinet minister in chief minister devendra fadnavis' government.
;;0.34;;fadnavis, who also hails from nagpur (in vidarbha) and had described wadettiwar as a future leader of opposition last week, on monday welcomed his appointment and lauded his long years of public service in the eastern part of the state.
;;0.4019;;by ptimumbai: union home minister and bjp president amit shah will attend the concluding rally of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' 'mahajanadesh yatra' in solapur on september 1, a party leader said on wednesday.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis is currently in the second phase of his mass outreach initiative, launched ahead of the state assembly polls due in september-october.
;;0.0;;fadnavis started his mass contact programme from amravati district in vidarbha region on august 1.
;;-0.296;;he said there was no need for muslims to approach the state backward class commission (sbcc) for a survey to establish backwardness of the community as sought by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.2732;;he said the fadnavis government is trying to create differences between muslims and obcs by suggesting that the minority community approach the sbcc to establish its backwardness.
;;-0.434;;meanwhile in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state government wont allow any rallies that are meant to divide society and undermine law and order in the state.
;;0.2732;;by ptimumbai: on the eve of the launch of his mass outreach programme aimed at building momentum ahead of the assembly elections, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday reiterated the bjp and the shiv sena would contest together unlike 2014.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is embarking on a month-long 'mahajanadesh yatra' beginning from amravati district in east maharashtra on thursday.
;;-0.2263;;the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;0.0;;also read | sharad pawar urges maharashtra government to waive farmers' loans in flood-hit areasmeanwhile, fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendra modi on the flood situation in the state.
;;-0.25;;among those who expressed concern was shiv sena member sanjay raut, who said the daredevilry of the culprits behind the racket has to be observed as the leak happened in goa, from where then defence minister manohar parrikar hails, and nagpur where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis belongs.
;;0.6597;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday sought to reach out to mlas and mlcs of the shiv sena to ensure the bjp and the uddhav thackeray-led party contest upcoming elections in unison.
;;0.0;;fadnavis invited the legislators of the bjp and the sena over a dinner.
;;0.0516;;fadnavis also admitted that ncp chief sharad pawar is more experienced but sena-bjp can still outsmart him in the poll campaign.
;;0.0;;also read: announcement made by me and uddhav thackeray final: cm fadnavis on shiv sena-bjp poll pactthe cm asked all the elected representatives to attend the ongoing budget session during discussions on supplementary demands and drought.
;;0.7579;;the bjp-sena alliance will definitely win the elections again, the mla quoted the cm as saying.
;;-0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and minister of state for urban development yogesh sagar have visited shatabdi hospital to meet the injured.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also took stock of the situation in the rain-drenched city during a visit to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) control room.
;;0.8658;;mumbai: expressing displeasure with the way the adhm controversy was handled by the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , congress mp shashi tharoor today said he favoured inviting pakistani artists, creative people and businessmen to boost bilateral ties.
;;0.4019;;in a scathing comment about the way fadnavis handled the controversy surrounding karan johar-directed 'ae dil hai mushkil' when mns opposed the film because it had pakistani actor fawad khan, tharoor said, certainly no congress chief minister would have ever negotiated (with outfits like mns).
;;-0.4404;;fadnavis later denied that he brokered the 'deal' between mns and the adhm producers.
;;0.0;;he also said ncp chief sharad pawar might meet with chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue of drought on tuesday or wednesday.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra congress president ashok chavan friday accused chief minister devendrafadnavis of personally calling up congress mlas and asking them to join the bjp.
;;0.296;;fadnavis is calling many of them and asking them to join the bjp.
;;0.0;;the cm is toiling to break the congress.
;;-0.7906;;the congress wasted no time in taking potshots at fadnavis saying that he needs to take cognisance of the common mans complains just the way he responded to the comedians complaint.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked the party leaders and workers to keep the welfare of people at the centre of their politics.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: anti-corruption crusader anna hazare ended his indefinite fast on its seventh day on tuesday after over six-hour-long meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
;;0.4576;;im completely convinced after the long discussions i had with fadnavis, radha mohan singh, (mos defense) subhash bhamre and (state irrigation minister) girish mahajan.
;;0.0;;also read: anna hazare says bjp 'used' him during 2014 electionsemerging from the over five-hour long meeting fadnavis spoke before the people of ralegan siddhi and the media representatives first.
;;0.5574;;maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis: we have decided that the lokpal search committee will meet on 13 february and the directions of the supreme court will be followed.
;;-0.867;;kochi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today termed as unfortunate the killing of five people in police firing during a farmers' agitation in madhya pradesh, but said very grave situation there necessitated police action.
;;0.5859;;however, fadnavis hailed the steps taken by mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan to improve farm production in his state during his over a decade-long rule.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is in kerala to participate in events organised by the state unit of the bjp to mark the narendra modi government's three years at the centre.
;;-0.6705;;fadnavis also hit out at kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan over alleged political killings in the state.
;;-0.2263;;earlier in the day chief minister devendrafadnavis made a statement in both the houses in an attempt to pacify the members who had been demanding loan waiver.
;;-0.6324;;thackeray had also said if chief minister devendrafadnavis backed mungantiwar saying he could not be held responsible for the killing, why did prime minister narendra modi take credit for the surgical strike, when the pm had not himself conducted it.
;;-0.6597;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday said the buldhana rape incident will be probed under the supervision of a female ips officer and assured that strict action will be taken against the accused.
;;-0.6486;;he has also demanded the resignation of chief minister devendrafadnavis for the alleged apathy towards tribals.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had then indicated that the decision regarding alliance would be made at the top level.
;;-0.1027;;appealing to farmers to shun violence, hazare said he was ready to join discussions between the farmers' leaders and chief minister devendrafadnavis if he was asked to.
;;-0.1779;;yesterday, fadnavis expressed willingness to hold talks with the agitating farmers.
;;0.2732;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch 'chief minister employment generation' programme, which aims to create 10 lakh jobs in state over the next five years, on tuesday.
;;-0.4215;;by animumbai: in a fresh turn of events, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has stated that the government would withdraw cases against those booked during the bandh called in the backdrop of the bhima koregaon violence in january and the recent maratha reservation stir.
;;0.4215;;even ally shiv sena raised eyebrows, with party legislator neelam gorhe urging fadnavis to take cognisance of the matter.
;;-0.4588;;(file | pti)mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said if a doctor is attacked on duty, he will be given medical aid borne by the government.
;;0.5994;;the chief minister directed to provide security to sensitive hospitals with armed policeman and work for a long-term plan like monitored cctv network.
;;0.2023;;fadnavis proposed setting up of an apex council with the government representatives and doctors and its interaction every three months to solve the issues time to time.
;;0.0;;the representatives of mard met fadnavis to discuss their issues.
;;0.2263;;fadnavis earlier in the day requested the resident doctors to withdraw their strike immediately and ensured them security.
;;0.0;;the election, which will also pick 11 zilla parishads and 118 panchayat samitis, is widely seen as a referendum on chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.8338;;but the encouraging turnout prompted fadnavis to tweet: thank you mumbai for the record voting percentage and .
;;0.6597;;since nationalist congress party president sharad pawar has ruled out support in such an eventuality and predicted mid-term assembly polls, the fadnavis government will be reduced to a minority.
;;0.0;;chief minister fadnavis and his wife amruta voted in nagpur.
;;-0.3182;;the employees union, in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday, had demanded the government pay their salaries for the next two months in cash.
;;-0.34;;the states opposition was quick to blame chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, over the revelation of the statistic.
;;0.0;;he was replying to a question about his meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis about the sena-bjp alliance thursday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sought early central assistance of rs 7,962.
;;0.0;;he also took a swipe at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who is currently in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0772;;i want to ask the cm what he is doing in uttar pradesh.
;;-0.2023;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday confirmed submission of a report on controversial islamic preacher zakir naik by the mumbai police commission.
;;0.7269;;a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi also issued notice returnable in two weeks wherein the parties will file more documents.
;;0.7269;;in his initial reaction, chief minister devendrafadnavis welcomed the court verdict and indicated that the new quota percentages recommended were acceptable to the government.
;;-0.765;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday came under fire after a video of four members of a ganesh utsav mandal trying to drown a policeman by pushing him into a lake went viral, with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray reiterating his demand for a separate home minister and the opposition leader calling for a white paper on the law and order situation in the state.
;;-0.7184;;i demanded three things from the cm: safety of cops, proper implementation of law, and strict punishment to attackers.
;;0.0;;i think the home department needs a separate minister, uddhav said after meeting fadnavis at his official residence along with a delegation of police personnels families.
;;0.0;;by express news servicehyderabad: as part of the bharatiya janata partys blitzkrieg against congress allegations of impropriety in the rafale deal, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addressed a press conference at the partys office in nampally.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is one of nearly seventy senior bjp leaders who held such press conferences about the issue across the country.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis (46), who heads the first bjp-led government in maharashtra which has sailed into its third year, also dwelt on other current issues like the campaign by the maratha community for reservation, the vidarbha issue and the controversy regarding his intervention in defusing the stand-off over karan johar's film ae dil hai mushkil'.
;;-0.8442;;fadnavis, however, rejected the apprehension voiced by observers that the maratha morcha and reaction to it from the obc and dalit outfits, could cause caste tensions in the state.
;;-0.4767;;dhananjay kulkarni, deputy chief of bjp's dombivli city unit in thane district, from whose store the seizure was made, has been arrested, police said.
;;-0.2263;;the ncp demanded an explanation from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the arms seizure from the bjp functionary's fashion accessories store.
;;-0.2263;;he said and demanded an explanation from fadnavis on this issue.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for central funds during a meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;fadnavis urged central assistance citing the ongoing situation.
;;-0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday ordered a probe and the union labour ministry had announced compensation for the victims.
;;-0.34;;by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on tuesday, ordered a probe into the massive fire at esic hospital at andheri on monday evening.
;;-0.743;;by iansmumbai: hitting out at chief minister devendrafadnavis for holding a press conference to level charges against the congress leadership on the agustawestland deal, maharashtra congress president ashok chavan said here on monday that it is akin to a thief complaining about robbery.
;;-0.0772;;chavan hit back after fadnavis earlier in the day demanded that in view of the revelations made in the agustawestland helicopters deal, the congress party and the gandhi family must reply to the corruption charges made against them.
;;-0.1779;;the cm also sought to know why the name of only one family keeps recurring in all defence deals involving corruption charges.
;;-0.6808;;half the ministers in the state cabinet face scam allegations, more than 17,000 farmers have committed suicide, there is a terrible drought situation, but fadnavis takes time for speaking on agustawestland deal to make false allegations against congress leaders, chavan told the media this evening.
;;-0.1779;;holding a retaliatory media briefing, he pointed out that the cm has never spoken to the media on issues like bhima-koregaon, hindutva leaders sambhaji bhide 'guruji', milind ekbote or the sanatan sanstha bomb production factory.
;;0.7096;;chief minister devendrafadnavis described it as a balanced budget which has provisions for all sections of the society and has a strong resolve to continue the march on the development path.
;;0.2732;;the finance minister has also allocated rs 8,500 crore for road development, rs 3,700 crore for development of roads under hybrid annuity model, rs 2,164 crore under chief minister gram sadak yojana and rs 6,306 crore for infrastructure facilities and other works of energy department.
;;-0.9022;;reportedly, on tuesday some of the representatives of a state-level coordination committee of various farmers outfits kisan kranti morcha met state chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai to discuss the issue, but the discussion failed as the farmers refused to postpone their agitation.
;;0.0;;hazare said he had spoken to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the lokayukta issue several times in the past, but nothing has come out of them.
;;0.0;;after the buldhana incident, chief minister devendrafadnavis had ordered setting up of the committees that would visit aided and unaided ashram shalas to identify the state of affairs.
;;0.4019;;the manifesto was released by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in presence of his goa counterpart laxmikant parsekar, union ayush minister shripad naik and other party leaders.
;;0.0;;chief minister rozgar yojna would be revived and traditional occupations would be regulated, the manifesto said.
;;0.0516;;by ptinew delhi: the supreme court thursday issued a notice to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on a plea seeking annulment of his election to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in his nomination papers.
;;-0.3612;;mumbai: describing the attitude of striking doctors as adamant and insensitive, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today warned of legal action and gave them an ultimatum to resume duties after his meet with their representatives later this afternoon.
;;0.0;;mahajan said despite the high court directive and appeal by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the doctors have not yielded.
;;0.8885;;while the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and his rajsthan counterpart vasundhara raje have shown keenness to improve the ranking of their states on ease of doing business, the niti aayog is expecting that other states too will join the process to attract private sector investment.
;;0.0;;speaking in the assembly earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that marathas will be provided reservation over and above the existing 52 per cent quota in the state.
;;0.5719;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis directed officials to step up public outreach and take steps to ensure maximum employment to locals at the proposed jaitapur nuclear power project in the konkan area as he met a delegation under french foreign secretary christian massetat at his official residence varsha here on tuesday.
;;0.7845;;once there is a clarity on rates of the power generated from the project, the schedule for the project can be announced and local people can be involved to ensure project gets completed early, fadnavis added and suggested that work on skill training needs to be undertaken immediately to ensure local people get employment from the project.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis also informed the delegation about the state governments business friendly policies.
;;0.6808;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in gondia district as part of his ongoing 'maha janadesh yatra', thanked the iaf for the quick help.
;;-0.4717;;mahajan, a confidante of chief minister devendrafadnavis , said the congress and the ncp together will not win more than 50 seats in the assembly polls.
;;0.2023;;he said bjp president amit shah has convened an important meeting in delhi on june 9 in which fadnavis and other senior leaders from the state would participate.
;;0.6124;;bengaluru: eager to resolve the mahadayi river water dispute through negotiations, karnataka has decided to adopt a flexible stand at the meeting of chief ministers of three riparian states - karnataka, goa and maharashtra - convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on october 21 in mumbai.
;;0.5267;;a meeting of floor leaders of all political parties in both the houses of state legislature, mps and legislators of mahadayi basin region chaired by chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday evening decided to participate in the mahadayi talks with a spirit of give and take.
;;-0.743;;however, the meeting has been postponed after the goa cm wrote to fadnavis stating his inability to attend due to ill health.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government feels marathas are a socially and educationally backward class on basis of quantifiable data studied by the commission.
;;0.0;;union home minister rajnath singh proposed the resolution on agriculture which was seconded by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp farmer wing head virendra singh.
;;-0.8442;;kochi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday took a dig at chief minister pinarayi vijayan saying he should focus more on dealing with the political killings in kerala rather than rallying against cattle trade ban.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was in kochi to take part in the bjps campaign being undertaken as part of the third anniversary of the nda government at the centre.
;;0.0;;fadnavis elaborated he used the term productivity to explain cow dung is a manure essential for enriching the fertility of land.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also visited the sc/st colony at irapuram near perumbavoor.
;;-0.631;;a farmer leader from nashik said, the call for maharashtra bandh had already been given, but it was suspended after a delegation of farmers met the chief minister.
;;0.5859;;one of the resolutions passed during the nashik meeting said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis should implement the farmers' demands instead of just giving assurances.
;;0.0;;this was the outcome of a mediation done by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis between movie producers and the mns.
;;0.8625;;lt general balbir singh, former chief of staff in the northern command says, national interest is supreme than any political interest.
;;-0.3612;;the ncp spokesperson nawab malik said that fadnavis and thackeray have undermined the martyredome of our soldiers.
;;0.6705;;i assured fadnavis that the producer's guild has taken a decision in the larger interest of the sentiments of the people and the soldiers and the entire country that we will not work with pakistani artists in the future, the guild's president mukesh bhatt said.
;;0.1531;;world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , second right, greets an indian railway police officer after taking a trip in a suburban train in mumbai on february 28.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis called a meeting of all party leaders in the assembly on wednesday evening after both the houses were adjourned.
;;-0.5267;;various aspects of the renewed threat perception in mumbai and maharashtra were discussed at the meeting after which cm proposed curtailment of the already short session.
;;-0.6808;;saira banu had met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier and said she apprehended danger from the accused person, after which the joint commissioner of eow spoke to her, the police spokesperson said.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: ncp president sharad pawar on tuesday met chief minister devendrafadnavis here and asked the government to take efforts at war-level to compensate and rehabilitate those hit by unprecedented floods in parts of maharashtra.
;;-0.8126;;i requested the chief minister to take efforts at war-level to bring on track those hit by the unprecedented flood crisis, compensate them for losses, rehabilitate affected ones and provide basic amenities, pawar said on twitter after the meeting.
;;-0.4767;;also read: maharashtra floods: krishna, panchganga below danger level; death toll at 51the former union minister also hoped cm fadnavis would address the concerns raised by him on priority and resolve them before the model code of conduct for the maharashtra assembly polls, due in september-october, comes into effect.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation in various parts of the state and directed the authorities concerned to make adequate arrangements of food, drinking water and other essential items for those affected.
;;-0.7096;;by express news servicemumbai: in a written reply to a question in state assembly, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday refuted claims that dd desai, the company that was found to be at fault in the 'kasab' bridge collapse incident, was given new contracts for bridge repairs.
;;0.0;;the cm also reiterated that of the 29 bridges in the city that are in a dilapidated condition, eight have already been demolished, 13 have been closed for traffic while work is on in eight of them.
;;0.4019;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the bjp and shiv sena seem to be exploring possibilities of contesting the forthcoming assembly elections independently even after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis stated that the two parties will contest as an alliance.
;;0.4588;;according to the alliance pact announced by fadnavis before the lok sabha elections, the shiv sena and the bjp are supposed to contest on an equal number of seats after leaving some seats for the other five parties within the alliance.
;;-0.5423;;questioning if the minister was on tourism, the ncp asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to seek resignation of the insensitive water resources minister.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the shiv sena monday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to declare that the statue of maratha king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj planned off the mumbai coast will be the tallest in the world.
;;0.6256;;the party also asked fadnavis not to be scared of prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah to declare this, adding having shivaji's statue taller than that of sardar patel won't diminish the iron man's prestige.
;;0.3818;;the sena said ncp's state unit chief jayant patil has claimed the height of shivaji's statue has been decreased to ensure that patel's statue of unity remains the tallest.
;;0.6814;;it said fadnavis should use the same courage that he displayed in announcing quota for the maratha community, and not be scared of prime minister modi and shah over the issue of shivaji statue's height.
;;0.8404;;fadnavis should use the same courage he showed while granting reservation to the maratha community and fearlessly announce that shivaji's statue would be the tallest in the world, and not get scared of amit shah and modi.
;;0.743;;the uddhav thackeray-led party reminded fadnavis that earlier, then union finance minister chintamanrao deshmukh in the jawaharlal nehru government had shown courage to tender his resignation, to ensure mumbai stayed with maharashtra.
;;-0.5106;;the congress and the ncp had said in the maharashtra assembly in july that the height of shivaji's statue, to be built in the arabian sea off the mumbai coast, was being reduced, a claim then rejected by fadnavis, who had said it will be the tallest in the world.
;;-0.296;;by ptimumbai: senior congress leader prithviraj chavan tuesday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis of interpreting the rules of the state backward class commission as per his own convenience in connection with the report on maratha reservation.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis has conveniently chosen to use this loophole (difference in terminology in the two languages) in the rules for his own benefit.
;;-0.1027;;what does the chief minister want to hide by not tabling the report in the legislature?
;;-0.5859;;earlier in the day, fadnavis rejected the opposition's demand to table the sbcc report on maratha reservations in the state legislature.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference there, fadnavis attributed the flooding to unprecedented rainfall this monsoon, which he said was more than double of that in 2005 when massive floods had been witnessed.
;;0.6249;;chief minister devendrafadnavis too was present at the occasion and both he and thackeray assured the workers that the alliance will be sustained and shall emerge stronger at the assembly elections in october this year.
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis urged shiv sena workers to ignore all the discussions and debate in media regarding who would be the chief minister.
;;0.4019;;next maharashtra cm from shiv senain its official mouthpiece saamna, the shiv sena claimed that the next chief minister of maharashtra will be from the party.
;;-0.4393;;by ptimumbai: mns president raj thackeray, who has received an enforcement directorate notice in the il&fs case, need not worry if he had done no wrong, said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;-0.4019;;also read: il&fs probe - ed summons mns chief raj thackeray, party dubs it 'political vendetta'on the mns' threat of organising street protests against what the party claimed was political vendetta, the cm said there was no need to create trouble for people.
;;0.2382;;thackeray and unmesh joshi had jointly bid for some assets after creating a consortium, but later the mns chief quit.
;;0.0;;maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai.
;;0.2732;;shiv sena mla prakash abitkar asked fadnavis to clarify stand on creation of a separate vidarbha state.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , information and broadcasting secretary ajay mittal, eminent figures of the film industry, representatives of film producers guild, among others, were present on the occasion.
;;0.0;;karun dakhavla (have done it), malik tweeted, tagging shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, office of chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc in his post.
;;-0.25;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.0;;the sena made the claim in its mouthpiece 'saamana' on wednesday, the day when chief minister devendrafadnavis attended its foundation day function here.
;;0.0;;terming thackeray as his elder brother, fadnavis during the function on wednesday said the bjp-sena alliance will have a thumping victory in the coming state assembly polls, and that the issue of who will become chief minister and who will become deputy chief minister was secondary.
;;0.6369;;another sena leader earlier said fadnavis declared on february 19 that both the parties would share responsibilities and also the number of seats for the vidhan sabha polls.
;;0.2263;;the 51-year-old actor hailed the efforts of chief minister devendrafadnavis to make the state drought-free.
;;-0.1027;;and it is our good fortune that maharashtra got a chief minister who has pledged to solve the water crisis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation at a meeting in mumbai on wednesday.
;;0.0;;mpcc spokesman sachin sawant claimed that 'mumbai first', the organisation which gave the full-page ad in the newspapers today, is closely associated with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.128;;ram, a vendor in the dadri vegetable market, urged the devendrafadnavis government to sort out the farmers issue so that the incumbent strike can end.
;;-0.6486;;the strike has been called by a section of farmer leaders who are unhappy with the decision of the kisan kranti morcha calling off their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis last friday.
;;-0.128;;many protesters are claiming that the leaders who met fadnavis had left the states farmers in the lurch for personal gains, a new leadership has emerged, which is now planning to take the agitation forward.
;;0.3597;;she said she is going to take up the matter very strongly with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday and interacted with the people.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference there later, fadnavis attributed the flooding to unprecedented rainfall during this monsoon, which he said was more than double of what was witnessed in 2005, when many parts of the state, including large areas of mumbai, were submerged.
;;0.7906;;the bjp government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis assumed office on october 31, 2014, and won the trust vote on november 12.
;;0.6369;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had met his own party leaders from karnataka on may 3, had promised to release 2 tmcft of the 4 tmcft of water sought on humanitarian grounds.
;;0.0;;when siddaramaiah was karnataka chief minister, maharashtra had released 2 tmcft of water to karnataka after a delegation of bjp leaders, led by formerunion minister h n ananth kumar and umesh katti, had prevailed upon fadnavis.
;;0.0;;shambhuraj desai, shiv sena member of legislative aseembly from patan constituency in maharashtra, shot off a letter to fadnavis stating, water available currently in koyna dam is lesser compared to the corresponding period last year.
;;0.0;;by ptibeed: a water grid project and lifting water from konkan to the godavari basin will make droughts in marathwada history, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis claimed on tuesday.
;;-0.25;;fadnavis also made light of the outreach campaigns of the opposition ncp and congress ahead of the assembly polls, claiming they were receiving poor response in comparison to his 'mahajanadesh yatra'.
;;0.5927;;but good they (the congress and ncp) have started their yatras, at least they are going among the people under this pretext, fadnavis quipped.
;;0.128;;fadnavis launched his pre-election mass contact yatra on august 1 and it has covered vidarbha and north maharashtra.
;;0.128;;while yuva sena chief aditya thackeray is scheduled to launch his statewide tour from jalgaon on thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis launched the deendayal upadhyay antyodaya scheme at mumbai on monday.
;;0.4588;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today demanded increase in the import duty of tur from 10 to 25 per cent to ensure price stability.
;;0.0516;;fadnavis demanded that the import duty on tur be increased from 10 per cent to 25 per cent for price stability and also requested the centre to purchase tur that has arrived at the procurement centres till april 22.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also discussed the need to frame a long-term policies for price management and purchase mechanism with paswan, an official in the chief minister's office said.
;;0.0;;if they go with the opposition we will wipe them out along with the opposition, shah said at the meeting attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , state bjp president raosaheb danve and skill development minister sambhjai patil-nilangekar.
;;0.5972;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday countered the shiv sena's claim of being the big brother in the sena-bjp alliance, saying his party is not seeking a tie-up desperately and can take on the congress-ncp combine.
;;0.4019;;earlier monday, sena's chief whip in parliament and rajya sabha member sanjay raut said his party is the big brother in maharashtra and will continue to be so.
;;-0.5994;;fadnavis also attacked the opposition for creating a hue and cry over implementation of the recommendations made by the swaminathan commission for welfare of farmers.
;;-0.4939;;they have come together out of their fear of modi, the cm alleged.
;;0.0;;later, addressing a public meeting in the city, the chief minister listed development works being carried out by the bjp government.
;;0.6705;;in his speech, revenue minister chandrakant patil praised fadnavis for granting 16 per cent reservation to the maratha community.
;;0.0;;a brahmin chief minister has given the quota, which (any) maratha cm could not do, he said.
;;0.0;;he also met chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.5423;;maurya based his optimism on the state natives' understanding and realisation that prime minister narendra modi and state chief minister devendrafadnavis need each other for the development of the country and the state.
;;0.3384;;the people of maharashtra know it very well that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis needs prime minister modi for development of maharashtra and the prime minister too wants to have fadnavis there, he said.
;;0.6369;;the outcome of the uttar pradesh bypolls is being billed as a yardstick to measure popularity of adityanath as well as newly-appointed party's state unit chief swatantradev singh.
;;0.4019;;the congress leaders had hugged the army chief of pakistan.
;;0.765;;while the alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena was finalized ahead of lok sabha elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that after deducting the share of smaller parties, rest of the seats would be equally distributed within the two major parties.
;;0.0;;incidentally, in his rally in solapur on sunday, bjp chief amit shah had asked the gathering to give the alliance a thumping victory and a second term as chief minister to devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, the core committee of the state bjp would be meeting at chief ministers official residence tonight to decide on the future course of action.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis got environment ministrys nod for coastal road project in mumbai.
;;0.0;;chandrakant bhikan deshmukh, resident of andarsul in yeola tehsil, has sent a money order of rs 216 to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.25;;so i sent rs 216 to maharashtra chief minister in protest, he said.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said post redevelopment, dharavi, one of the metropolis' biggest slum clusters, will be its new bkc.
;;-0.296;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a cid probe into the disappearance of iconic tiger 'jai' after he went missing from the umred karhandla wildlife sanctuary located near nagpur.
;;-0.4019;;mumbai/bhopal/new delhi:the agrarian protest in maharashtra took an emotional twist on thursday after a farmer in solapur committed suicide, leaving behind a note saying his body should not be cremated till chief minister devendrafadnavis visited his village and agreed to meet the protestors demands.
;;-0.0258;;please take my body to my village and do not cremate me till cm devendrafadnavis comes here, read the suicide note addressed to his friends and relatives.
;;0.3182;;only talks can end the differences, he saidrahuls visit a mere photo-opthe nda government at the centre hit out at the congress for seeking to politicise the farmers agitation in mp and claimed party vice-president rahul gandhis bid to visit to mandsaur was just a photo opportunitysuicide over debt of rs 60,000before hanging himself, 45-year-old dhanaji jadhav penned a note requesting his family and friends not to cremate him until maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arrived and announced a loan waiver for farmers.
;;-0.3612;;(file | pti)mumbai: resident doctors, who had resorted to protests after incidents of patients relatives beating them, declined to back-off even after directives by the bombay high court and assurances by chiefminister devendrafadnavis on thursday.
;;0.2732;;the bombay high court in its bid to end the four-day stir by resident doctors directed them to resume work immediately, while fadnavis mooted a panel to resolve security issues in state-runhospitals, as the stir affected health services and put hundreds of patients to hardship.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis, meanwhile, made a statement in the assembly on thursday and appealed to the doctors to call off their strike.
;;0.6486;;union health minister j p nadda also joined fadnavis in appealing to the resident doctors to get back to work and asked states to take measures to improve the security of doctors.
;;0.5574;;members of the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) had a meeting with cm fadnavis, which was positive, said medical education minister girish mahajan.
;;-0.1531;;a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni that resumed hearing on a petition filed by activist afak mandaviya seeking action against the protesting doctors, said, we understand that the doctors are working in strained and horrible conditions sometimes, but we request them to resume work immediately.
;;0.0;;patil, who headed a high-powered committee set up by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was speaking to reporters after holding discussions with farmer leaders here today.
;;-0.0516;;fadnavis had held a late night meeting and ensured withdrawal of the strike, but it emerged that some of the farmers' leaders who were part of the talks with him in mumbai, were close to bjp and rss.
;;-0.3612;;last week, a farmer in solapur district, before ending his life due to debt, wrote that unless the chief minister visits his farm, his body should not be cremated.
;;-0.4767;;while speaking at a womens meet of her party at jalgaon on saturday, sule warned fadnavis of the womens anger.
;;0.0;;a couple of days back, she said that fadnavis is not able to handle the cms post.
;;-0.296;;sometimes, i think he forgets that he is the chief minister of the state and no longer in the opposition, she had said.
;;-0.5267;;earlier, at nandurbar, supriya had slammed fadnavis for his language of revenge.
;;-0.7506;;it is unfortunate that the cm speaks the language of revenge.
;;-0.4215;;supriyas unprecedented attack on fadnavis had taken everyone by surprise as she is normally known as a calm and soft-natured person, who refrains from making any personal attack.
;;-0.296;;supriya sule should stop using chief minister devendrafadnavis for establishing her leadership in the ncp.
;;0.0;;mns chief raj thackeray with family after casting his vote during bmc election.
;;0.5106;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who have led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no holds barred campaign relegating the opposition congress and ncp to the background.
;;0.3182;;the election result for asia's largest civic body which has been run by the shiv sena supported by the bjp for the last two decades will decide the fate of the devendrafadnavis government.
;;0.0;;other leaders who were among early voters in mumbai were former cm manohar joshi, mns chief raj thackeray, bjp mp poonam mahajan and shaina nc.
;;0.3182;;after the commission submitted its report to the government last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had hinted that the demand for quota would be fulfilled.
;;0.0;;he has said that money laundering has taken place in these companies, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;asked if he meant that inquiry against uddhav will take place on the lines of the ed probe against ncp leader chhagan bhujbal, fadnavis shot back saying have i mentioned his (uddhav's) name?
;;0.0;;however, it is unlikely that the whole of rs 31,000 crore loan amount would be waived off, though chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the waiver would be historic.
;;0.0;;after discussions with farmer leaders in the steering committee, i spoke to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had on june 2 announced that the loan waiver for small and marginalised farmers will be implemented on october 31.
;;-0.128;;when asked about the implementation of recommendations of the swaminathan commission, another major demand of the farmers, chandrakant patil said the issue comes under the purview of the central government and that the cm would lead a delegation of farmers on this issue to meet prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;all that was said today was almost the same as what the chief minister had said on june 2, giridhar patil pointed out.
;;0.7783;;mumbai: in what can be termed as strategic retreat, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday made it clear that the bjp would not field its candidate in the election for any of the posts in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), giving shiv sena a chance to have a complete hold on the civic body.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has let down the people of mumbai.
;;-0.7717;;read| sack your forest minister: maneka gandhi to maharashtra cm over tigress avni killingshe was killed on november 2 by asgar ali, son of famous sharp-shooter nawab shafat ali, at compartment no 149 of borati forest in yavatmal as part of an operation.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said there was no need for mungantiwar to resign and that he would speak to gandhi over the issue.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government will give rs five lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.7186;;returning from a trip to the us late on thursday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the people not to panic as adequate security arrangements were in place in uran.
;;-0.2617;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured of clearing the proposal, but till today, there has been no development on the same.
;;0.0516;;the sena chief also mocked prime minister narendra modi over his style of delivering speeches and asked people that if they happen to hear words like mitron, and bhayion aur beheno, then they should not believe in it.
;;0.9042;;by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday likened the sufi and varkari traditions for spreading the message of love, brotherhood and good thoughts as he addressed a sufi makhmali peer sammelan organised by peer makhmali trust at the fine arts centre at chembur.
;;0.5951;;fadnavis, who participated in a prayer held for peace and harmony in the country and prosperity of all, appealed everyone to contribute towards nation building and said that the society and the nation can't progress without following the motto 'sabka saath sabka vikas'.
;;-0.25;;by ptimumbai: a farmer from maharashtra's ahmednagar district has sent a money order of rs 6 to chief minister devendrafadnavis to mark his protest against crashing prices of onions and paltry returns.
;;0.0;;incidentally, bollywood superstar shahrukh khan called upon mns chief raj thackeray yesterday ahead of his upcoming film raees, which features pakistani actress mahira khan.
;;0.0;;world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , sitting right, speaks with passengers as she begins to take a trip in a suburban train in mumbai.
;;0.0;;| apmumbai: world bank chief executive officer (ceo) devendrafadnavis , who is presently in mumbai, today travelled in local train from churchgate to dadar.
;;0.0;;world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , center, holds a train ticket as she begins to take a trip in a suburban train in mumbai.
;;0.0;;in such a scenario, it would not be advisable for us to take the bjp onboard for the polls, a source close to sena chief uddhav thackeray said.
;;0.4019;;another source in the sena said the party chief, in a recent meeting with sena ministers, has given them full autonomy to suggest names of probable candidates.
;;0.1027;;earlier, chief minister devendrafadnavis had argued in favour of a pre-poll alliance with the sena, and had said that if there will a tie-up, it would based on transparent administration in the bmc.
;;0.4019;;gawli (34), the eldest daughter of convicted gangster arun gawli, had met sena leaders eknath shinde and anil desai to work out the modalities of her support to the shiv sena, and later maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis before making up her mind.
;;-0.7783;;as the strike by junior maharashtra's doctors, who are protesting a spate of assaults on colleagues by patients' relatives, entered the fourth day today, chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bombay high court asked them to resume work immediately.
;;0.4019;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will undertake a `rath yatra' (a tour in a special vehicle) across maharashtra to campaign for assembly polls, the bjp said saturday.
;;0.6256;;also read | others shouldn't worry about who will be next maharashtra cm, says uddhav thackerayanother party leader said fadnavis will try to cover all 288 assembly constituencies during the tour, highlighting the achievements of his government.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said farm loan waiver in the year 2008 barely helped 30-40 per cent farmers.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, who has followed prime minister narendra modi's footsteps who addresses the nation every month through his radio programme 'mann ki baat', will be interacting directly with people every sunday.
;;0.2732;;sule's campaign comes even as ncp is presently carrying out its 'shivswarajya yatra', a pre-poll outreach campaign akin to 'maha janadesh yatra' of chief minister devendrafadnavis and 'jan ashirwad yatra' of shiv sena leader aaditya thackeray.
;;-0.7783;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday announced the formation of a high-powered group of ministers (gom) to hold talks with the agitating farmers, just a day after they threatened to intensify their agitation.
;;0.7184;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday made it clear that the bjp would not field its candidate in the election for any of the posts in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), giving shiv sena a chance to have a complete hold on the civic body.
;;0.8176;;the shiv sena has welcomed the bjps decision and thanked fadnavis for respecting the sentiments of the people.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has let down the people of mumbai.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the drought-like situation last week in 180 of 355 talukas of the state.
;;0.0;;however, chief minister fadnavis had said that the government is following the scientific method in the declaration of drought in a stagewise manner.
;;0.0;;why did chief minister (devendra fadnavis) send his people for alliance talks with us if they thought bmc was not transparent?
;;0.7845;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra is ready to help jammu and kashmir if it wants to organise an investment summit here post scrapping of its special status and reorganisation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday.
;;-0.6908;;in march, the bombay high court rapped maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for slow investigation in pansare's murder case.
;;-0.6249;;also read: govind pansare murder case - irked over probe, hc says fadnavis government a 'laughing stock'pansare, a communist party of india leader, who was known for his rationalist views, was shot dead in kolhapur on february 20, 2015.
;;0.3818;;earlier in the day, when the issue was raised in the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis made it clear that the constitution doesnt provide for religion-based quota.
;;0.6251;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state legislature that security has been tightened across the city and appealed to people not to panic.
;;0.0;;by animumbai: karnataka government has released 2,20,000 cusecs of water from almatti dam on sunday after chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for the same.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, in view of the heavy rainfall, the maharashtra government requested the karnataka government to release water from almatti dam to avoid the flood-like situation in kolhapur region.
