;;-0.128;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday chaired a meeting to solve long-pending issues related to aadharwadi dumping ground in kalyan.
;;-0.3182;;during the hearing, the cm instructed kdmc chief govind bodke and other department officials to close down the dumping ground within a specific time frame.
;;-0.7096;;sources said fadnavis warned officials their salaries would be stopped and the state government would also block funds to kdmc.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced that, next year onwards, a state-level science conference, on the lines of bharatiya vigyan sammelan, would be organised annually.
;;0.5267;;learn from traditionalscience: fadnavisaccording to the cm, modern science can draw inspiration from the knowledge contained in ancient indian scriptures.
;;0.5423;;sharad pawarpune: nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar on sunday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp ministers of committing themselves to poaching leaders from other parties before the assembly election.
;;-0.5106;;a month after bjps devendrafadnavis took over as cm of maharashtra in 2014, he said tackling the agrarian crisis would be his top priority.
;;-0.128;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: auto-rickshaw unions called off their indefinite strike at the eleventh hour on monday night after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened.
;;0.7579;;but at night, we got an assurance from the cm that he will discuss and resolve all pending issues of autorickshaw men in maharashtra, said union leader shashank rao.
;;0.0;;the cm called the union for a meeting at 3pm on tuesday, which transport minister diwakar raote will attend.
;;-0.296;;some members of the felicitation organizing committee, which is headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , felt the theme would also offend prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
;;0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis took serious note of tois extensive reporting on akolas clean morna river campaign.
;;0.0;;in an accompanying video released recently, fadnavis has exhorted all 36 districts of the state to emulate the morna project.
;;0.5106;;the cm also mentioned how the initiative was appreciated by prime minister narendra modi , who got magnetically drawn towards the campaign after seeing a striking photograph of a grandson cleaning the river along with his grandfather.
;;0.0;;the initiative is also in line with the swachh bharat abhiyan, added fadnavis.
;;0.8555;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest cityamravati: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said he was confident of getting a fresh mandate from the people and assured that he would devote his next term as the cm to make the state drought-free.
;;0.8049;;fadnavis slammed the erstwhile congress-ncp government saying the cabinet decisions taken during that time focused on safeguarding the personal interests of the ministers and not of the poor people in the state.
;;-0.9287;;this story is from december 14, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citypune: the state government this week granted sanction to prosecute five activists  sudhir dhawale, rona wilson, surendra gadling, shoma sen and mahesh raut  arrested in the elgar parishad case on charges of sedition and waging war against india among other charges of the indian penal code.
;;-0.3612;;the situation in kolhapur and sangli districts is grimmer than the floods witnessed in 2005, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to call his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa for stepping up the release of water from almatti dam , located 200km from kolhapur.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 31, 2019file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari will unveil the plague of the new building at 4.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has been trying to mollify the sena since the two parties sealed a partnership in the state in 2014.
;;0.4019;;however, now that we have won the karnataka polls our central leadership may ask devendraji to tighten the screws on the sena, said the functionary.
;;0.0;;uddhav thackeray doesn't realise that barring fadnavis, he has not a single well-wisher in the state bjp.
;;-0.8834;;a livid fadnavis spoke informally to a senior sena minister recently and told him in no uncertain terms that thackeray has violated the alliance 'dharma' by poaching on the wanga family and by fielding a sena nominee in a bjp constituency.
;;0.0;;the shiv sena has also opposed the fadnavis government's latest decision to open up mumbai's salt pan land for affordable housing.
;;0.2023;;last month, chief minister devendrafadnavis had a meeting with the indian association of paediatric surgeons and several top doctors have volunteered to take part in the programme.
;;0.6705;;dr suresh joshi, senior cardiothoracic surgeon, said, i am glad that the current cm is keen about getting paediatric heart surgeries done as soon as possible.
;;0.4019;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the smart police station concept is justice-oriented, pro-citizen facility.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis performed the bhoomipujan of the countrys first smart police station with integrated township-cum-commercial complex spread across 19,365 sqm area at lakadganj on saturday.
;;0.1531;;the top cops also got a pat on their backs by the cm for managing to replace and reduce manpower deployment for the winter assembly by 38  with the use of technology.
;;0.0;;the cm laid emphasis on qualitative change in policing apart from welfare and housing.
;;0.1154;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis might have announced a december 2019 deadline for commissioning of the navi mumbai airport, but top officials from the ministry of civil aviation said on thursday that the deadline would be tough to meet.
;;0.3612;;in march, fadnavis had reiterated that the navi mumbai international airport (nmia) project would be complete next year with one terminal and one runway ready by december end 2019.
;;0.6249;;devendra fadanvisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis assured that the state government will increase the number of undergraduate and post graduate medical seats to accommodate students if reservation to various communities would affect admission due to seat constraints.
;;0.8481;;fadnavis was speaking to the delegation of save merit, save nation movement at sahyadri guest house on sunday.
;;0.3818;;cm added that a system will be set up to study the all issues includes admissions of the open category students and find out suitable measures to resolve them.
;;0.7964;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: the sharing of dais on monday and on top of that chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray publicly praising each other is something not heard of or witnessed in last four years.
;;0.7506;;at the well-attended public function, thackeray praised fadnavis for successfully piloting the maratha reservation bill and fadnavis reciprocated by describing thackeray as the margdarshak (guide).
;;0.2732;;the about-turn by the sena chief caught many by surprise.
;;0.4588;;thackerays eagerness to share dais at washim with fadnavis also reflected the desperation to gain lost political ground in vidarbha .
;;0.1321;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis plans create 72,000 jobs in the rural sector to tackle the agrarian crisis despite a debt burden of more than rs 4 lakh crore.
;;0.34;;in the budget session, fadnavis had given an assurance that his government will draft a action plan to fill up vacant posts, which may cost the state exchequer around rs 67,000 crore.
;;0.0772;;the biggest challenge before fadnavis is to halt the sudden spurt in farmers suicides in vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.0;;fadnavis undertook a series of measures to tackle farmers suicides, but the results are not visible.
;;-0.5267;;now with the recruitment of 36,000 people in the first phase, fadnavis is expecting that in the days to come, the agriculture, irrigation and finance departments will identify farmers in distress and draft an action plan for their rehabilitation.
;;-0.7809;;earlier then chief minister vilasrao deshmukh made efforts to study the problem of agrarian crisis, but did not succeed.
;;0.0;;but as a chief minister with a rural background, fadnavis has identified specific areas that need to be targeted and hence new recruitments will be made in key rural sectors.
;;-0.5574;;at a juncture when debt has crossed the rs 4 lakh crore mark and leading financial institutions are insisting on a drastic cut in expenditure on wages, it remains to be seen how fadnavis will mobilize resources.
;;0.4939;;in the wake of attacks on doctors across the state earlier, fadnavis had assured that adequate number of security personnel would be deployed in government-run hospitals.
;;0.0;;when there is expansion in the field of medical education, it is high time fadnavis entrusts the medical education department to independent people, said a former dean.
;;-0.5574;;fifty-seven people died in rain-related incidents with 80 landslides in eight districts of kerala since august 8, chief minister pinarayi vijayan said.
;;0.3612;;chief minister b s yediyurappa has termed the natural calamity the biggest in 45 years.
;;0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday and interacted with the people.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference there later, fadnavis attributed the flooding to unprecedented rainfall during this monsoon, which he said was more than double of what was witnessed in 2005, when many parts of the state, including large areas of mumbai, were submerged.
;;0.0;;this year there is 60 per cent water stock in dams already, chief minister vijay rupani told reporters.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has told the civic administration to conduct an inquiry into alleged lapses in the tree census, under way in the city for the past two years.
;;0.0;;kale said he got a written reply from fadnavis to the question he had raised.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said there was no need for mungantiwar to resign and that he would speak to gandhi over the issue.
;;-0.1531;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a push to various development projects and government schemes in the naxalite affected gadchiroli district following a review meeting at vidhan bhavan on wednesday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis suggested formation of a task-force under kharge for co-ordination among different departments to complete 16 pending lift irrigation projects by powering them with solar power.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also directed the officials to deploy retired deputy executive engineers on contract basis for completing the pending road works under prime minister village road projects.
;;0.0;;cm also ensured additional rs 6 crore were sanctioned for hiring the expert manpower on contract so as to complete the works on time.
;;0.3818;;the cm expressed his intention to ensure 250 contractors are benefited from gadchiroli.
;;0.0;;gadchiroli collector naik informed the cm that more than rs 57 crore had been deposited in the accounts of various farmers under the loan-waiver scheme.
;;0.0;;the cm urged the district administration to provide broadband connectivity to 210 gram panchayats and include all revenue divisions and health centres within the scheme of connecting gadchiroli through district planning committee funds.
;;0.743;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken away the harpur sports stadium project from the maharashtra labour welfare board (mlwb) and handed it over to the nagpur improvement trust (nit).
;;0.0;;on his request, fadnavis held a meeting at mantralaya on friday.
;;0.0;;kohle told toi that fadnavis has set february 2019 as target to restart work.
;;0.6486;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday claimed that the the loan waiver done by congress led governments at centre and state in 2008 benefitted banks and credit societies and not a majority of farmers.
;;-0.5994;;fadnavis charged that a bank had allegedly siphoned off money received under congress governments loan waiver scheme through five lakh fake accounts.
;;0.0;;the parishad has sent a letter to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4767;;navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will be the star campaigner for bjp to woo voters for the first maiden pcmc election.
;;0.0;;cm has confirmed his presence for both rallies, said panvel mla prashant thakur, president of raigad district bjp.
;;-0.1511;;for me the chief ministers post is not important.
;;0.0;;bjp chief amit shah devendrafadnavis and i have had meetings and decided on the alliance.
;;0.4019;;incidentally the sena presidents tirade against bjp comes a day before mlas of both parties are to be addressed in a meeting by both fadnavis and him.
;;0.5719;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday set up the maharashtra real estate regulatory authority appellate tribunal headed by justice indira jain.
;;0.2732;;the cm has accepted the proposal.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 2, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.128;;mumbai: cm devendrafadnavis served a legal notice on leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil on monday saying he had made false and baseless allegations against him over the development plan for the city.
;;-0.7351;;if vikhe patil fails to respond in a reasonable time, the cm has instructed his lawyer to initiate civil and criminal defamation proceedings, he said.
;;-0.25;;in a media interaction a week ago, vikhe patil had alleged that fadnavis had struck a rs 10,000 crore deal with developers and builders and even received the first instalment of rs 5,000 crore.
;;0.0;;cm, in collaboration with the bureaucrats in the urban development department and bmc, had taken up the cause of developers and builders.
;;0.0;;image used for representational purposedownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis in march last year had claimed that 60  of the city would be covered under 24x7 water supply project by december 2018.
;;0.0;;gadkari on saturday reviewed the ring road project and other highways in the region in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that all instructions will be given to the local authorities to speed up land acquisition and necessary meetings and committees will be formed to speed up the pending issues regarding the highways.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said the government would withdraw cases against those booked during the bandh called in the wake of the koregaon bhima violence in january.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis had a new look donning a suit and overcoat as he landed in snow-clad davos on tuesday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis attended a meeting themed industrial corridors in india  demand-led planning & financing, organized by the confederation of indian industries (cii) on tuesday morning.
;;0.0;;work for this rs34,000 crore project is to start in march 2018 this year and will be completed in three years, the cm added.
;;0.1027;;following intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis , both reached an understanding and decided to contest the polls together.
;;-0.4215;;we sought appointment of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president raosaheb danve, but there was no response.
;;0.0772;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and all cabinet ministers on tuesday decided to donate their one-month salary towards the chief minister' relief fund in view of devastation caused by floods.
;;0.5859;;with now only a week of effective campaign time left, there was no sign of other star campaigners from the congress or the ncp in stark contrast, the bjp campaign for its nominee hemant patle was better organized and peaked at the right time as chief minister devendrafadnavis joined the drive on saturday and addressed election rallies at mohadi and sakoli.
;;-0.6808;;mumbai: more than six months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a rs 34,022 crore loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers congress spokesperson sachin sawant has found that the scheme has failed to take off in the real sense due to lack of coordination and dereliction of duty at all levels.
;;-0.3612;;the cm must admit that his government has failed to implement the scheme.
;;-0.3612;;the cm must fix responsibility for the mess in the information technology, cooperation and finance departments, sawant said.
;;0.0;;i am also meeting governor vidyasagar rao led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , vikhe patil said.
;;0.0;;we will not be deterred by such surveillance tactics of the cm, vikhe patil said.
;;-0.3818;;if the cm is serious in tackling corruption in bmc, he must first suspend mehta and order a cbi probe.
;;0.0;;i was also chief minister of maharashtra , we never indulged in such activities.
;;-0.3818;;mumbai: a day after he sent aurangabad police commissioner yashaswi yadav on leave, chief minister devendrafadnavis shunted out aurangabad municipal commissioner deepak muglikar and his kalyan-dombivli counterpart p velrasu muglikar, an ias officer of the 2006 batch, has been given an insignificant assignment; he will be secretary of development for marathwada.
;;0.5719;;normalcy was restored only after fadnavis assured the house that yadav would be sent on leave.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis transferred several bureaucrats on monday.
;;0.0;;anil diggikar, who was principal secretary to the cm (special projects), will be new environment secretary.
;;-0.0516;;medha gadgil, the senior-most bureaucrat of the 1983 batch, had proceeded on leave after she was passed over for the chief secretarys post.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday announced that maharashtra has become an open defecation-free state after constructing over 60 lakh toilets in the last three and a half years.
;;0.8225;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: ahead of the state elections, the maharashtra cabinet on monday approved a four-time increase in the financial aid given to the families of martyred soldiers and a similar increase was approved for injured soldiers as well.
;;-0.9062;;(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said he will issue directives to the cyber cell of mumbai police to probe the online abuse and threat to congress spokesperson sachin sawant for posting a sarcastic tweet criticising the state government.
;;0.0772;;bjp mla devendrafadnavis defended the bjym's action warning the ministers that it would continue until the democratic front government hiked minimum support prices (msp) of cotton, soyabean and paddy.
;;0.0;;they can take up redevelopment projects within 150-metre radius as cm makes exception.
;;0.8765;;a proposal by the urban development department sought to ease the construction limits around all the facilities, but chief minister devendrafadnavis has approved a relaxation only in the case of arthur road jail, an exception that has raised a few eyebrows.
;;0.8519;;however, the cycle track, hailed as another great news for mumbaikars by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has been out-of-bounds for the cyclists on at least two sundays, during the new years eve a fortnight ago, and yesterday due to vip movement (the president was in mumbai).
;;0.7579;;maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisaurangabad: the maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched marathwada region free of drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
;;0.0516;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: even as the civic standing committee a few days ago gave its nod to the bmc administration to increase water charges in the city by 2.
;;0.0;;48 per cent, it has come to light that as many as 18 maharashtra state ministers including the chief minister devendrafadnavis have not paid their water bills over the past several years.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis's bungalow 'varsha' has been mentioned in the defaulter list by the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.4404;;mumbai: faced with much criticism, cm devendrafadnavis on monday brought back veteran bureaucrat medha gadgil to mantralaya and appointed her additional chief secretary (organisation and maintenance) in place of bipin kumar mallick.
;;-0.34;;a week ago, fadnavis shifted gadgil, who was then additional chief secretary (relief and rehab), and made her chairperson of the maharashtra state financial corporation , considered an insignificant posting.
;;0.0;;a 1983 batch ias officer, she was superseded when the cm chose as chief secretary d k jain, also from the 1983 batch but junior to gadgil.
;;0.25;;instead, the cm granted six months' extension to jain.
;;-0.5994;;in no time, discontent was brewing in the bureaucracy over the cm ignoring a woman officer.
;;0.0;;it was expected that if gadgil was not chosen, then the cm would appoint either municipal commissioner ajoy mehta or sdditional chief secretary (finance) u p s madan.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday appointed sampada mehta, an ias officer of the 2008 batch, as mumbai city collector in place of ashwini joshi, who took over as the excise commissioner.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on tuesday that mumbai metro one pvt ltd (mmopl), which operates the mumbai metro system , has not paid rs 31.
;;0.0;;the cm was responding to a question raised by mla sharad sonawane from junnar in pune district.
;;-0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: as the flood situation turned grim in kolhapur and other neighbouring areas, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis called up his karnataka counterpart bs yediyurappa on tuesday requesting him to discharge water from the almatti dam.
;;0.0;;currently in yavatmal district for his ongoing 'mahajanadesh yatra', fadnavis reviewed the flood situation in the western and southern parts of the state and discussed the issue with chief secretary ajoy mehta.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis also spoke to yediyurappa and requested him to discharge water from the almatti dam which can ease the situation in maharashtra.
;;0.4215;;in the past 24 hours, the highest rainfall of 40 cm was recorded in the temple town of trimbakeshwar (nashik), followed by the state's popular hill station mahalabeshwar (satara) at 38 cm.
;;0.0;;so, we expect chief minister devendrafadnavis to inaugurate the trolley.
;;-0.296;;pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has sent the complaint of shiv senas shirur mp shivajirao adhalrao patil about irregularities in the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation ( pcmc ) to the principal secretary of the urban development department for appropriate action.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis said he would give mayors powers to utilize 10  of the additional revenue brought by them in municipal corporations.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, along with union minister nitin gadkari, inaugurated 18th convention of maharashtra mayors council at vanamati on saturday.
;;0.0;;vishwanath mahadeshwar, chairman of the council and mumbai mayor, and jichkar, the councils vice-president, submitted a 20-point charter of demands to fadnavis.
;;0.0;;in their speeches, mahadeshwar and jichkar urged the cm to give administrative and financial powers to mayors.
;;-0.1779;;appreciating the council for holding the convention on the theme sustainable development, fadnavis stressed the need for solid and liquid waste management.
;;0.6369;;fadnavis urged all mayors to take up electric-run bus projects and assured of help from the state.
;;0.743;;he requested the cm to increase gst grant of municipal corporations stating that the module framed to calculate the grant was improper.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.8779;;chief minister devendrafadnavis decided to call out ncp president sharad pawar over the latters barbed comments on the cms visits to naxal-infested gadchiroli district a day after 15 police personnel were killed in a naxal attack in a village near gadchiroli recently, pawar had criticized the cm, saying ever since he took over the reins in october 2014, he had visited gadchiroli only once and that, too, to lay wreaths on the bodies of slain police personnel.
;;0.0;;slamming pawar for not doing his homework, fadnavis released details of his visits to gadchiroli with statistics.
;;-0.875;;in the five years after fadnavis took over, 98 naxalites were killed in police action, and 19 police personnel were killed.
;;0.0;;fadnavis says a month after he took oath as cm, his first visit was to kurkheda in gadchiroli.
;;0.8625;;adieu, justice oka mumbai will miss justice abhay oka who has been appointed chief justice of karnataka hc.
;;0.4588;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has accepted the report on development of vidarbha and marathwada regions prepared under the chairmanship of former divisional commissioner anoop kumar in coordination with vidarbha industries association (via).
;;-0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was to be present, has cancelled due to other engagements.
;;0.4767;;this was followed by the senior citizens run and finally, it was time for the dream run, which was flagged off by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis he was accompanied by wife amruta, actors kartik aaryan and gulshan grover as well as and tina ambani rahul bose and milind soman with wife ankita konwar, also took part in the race.
;;0.3182;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared the file from his office on wednesday to allow beed constable lalita salve to undergo the gender reassignment surgery.
;;-0.1531;;however, later after she realised about underdeveloped male organs in her body, she applied for a sex change operation file photo of lalita salvethe state police headquarters had accused her of concealing facts at the time of recruitment, but the cm wanted to take a holistic view.
;;0.1027;;speaking to mirror, the cm confirmed that he had cleared the file allowing salve to undergo sex change.
;;0.3818;;the cm had earlier declared that he would clear the proposal and the dg satish mathur had asked the state to take a call.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in his pre-winter session address to media said that the market arrivals have gone up as compared to november last year.
;;0.0;;ramdev, who will be attending an international yoga day event in maharashtra's nanded on june 21, which will be attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was talking to reporters.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the mhalunge maan hi-tech city would be a farmer inclusive model that would pave the way for all town planning schemes along the proposed ring road here.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.34;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday quietly shunted out excise commissioner ashwini joshi to the insignificant mumbai district aids control society as project director.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday exhorted young lawyers to enhance knowledge, quality and contribute to the society.
;;0.8779;;while applauding vlla and bhandarkar family, particularly noted lawyer shreerang and wife anjali, for starting such awards, the cm regretted absence of any institutional mechanism to identify and encourage talented young lawyers.
;;0.0772;;calling on junior lawyers to work for getting justice for deprived sections, fadnavis reminded them that the society doesn't remember those who only earn money out of the profession.
;;-0.1655;;senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patils bribery charge against chief minister devendrafadnavis has shocked not only members of the ruling bjp and shiv sena, but even his own colleagues.
;;0.4939;;his predecessors eknath khadse and narayan rane, on the other hand, were known to give sleepless nights to the then cm.
;;-0.25;;a week ago, for the first time, vikhe patil targeted the cm, saying he had struck a rs 10,000-crore deal with leading builders and that he had already received the first instalment of rs 5,000 crore.
;;-0.2732;;fadnavis was quick to trash the charges as baseless and false.
;;-0.4588;;if vikhe patil does not come up with evidence, the cm has threatened to sue him.
;;-0.296;;the anti-corruption bureaus two traps in pune have raised doubts over the efforts of the devendrafadnavis government to tackle corruption.
;;-0.1779;;soon after fadnavis took over the reins more than four years ago, he had assured people all-out efforts would be made to end the menace of corruption.
;;0.0;;nitish sharma, another resident, said, we have approached everyone  the pmrda, pwd, local leaders, other civic bodies, chief minister devendrafadnavis  but our plea went unheard.
;;0.3182;;though the road falls under the pmrda, its chief executive officer, kiran gitte, pointed to the zilla parishad (zp) as responsible.
;;0.1531;;this story is from february 15, 2019maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis greets shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on their arrival for the .
;;0.0;;mumbai: as the question of whether recalcitrant ally shiv sena would ally with the bjp for the ls polls lingered, cm devendrafadnavis met sena president uddhav thackeray at the latters matoshree residence in bandra on thursday evening for talks that lasted more than an hour.
;;-0.7579;;fadnavis added that due to the pulwama terror attack, we have not discussed issues in detail.
;;0.0;;sena leader mp sanjay raut said the bjp should have a claim on the prime ministers post in new delhi, but the cm in maharashtra will be from the sena.
;;0.25;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said pune was not the only city deserving good officers in administrative posts, implying that former pune mahanagar parivahan mahamandal limited chief tukaram mundhe had got a promotion and was not shunted to nashik.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis was in the city to inaugurate symbhav, the annual cultural festival of symbiosis law school at vimannagar , near the airport.
;;0.0;;in his speech, fadnavis referred to the investment pledges at the investors summit in mumbai over the weekend.
;;0.128;;fadnavis touched on legal aspects in his speech.
;;0.0;;with mediations and arbitration increasing, we need a stream of credible lawyers and jurists, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;this story is from january 16, 2019devendra fadnavis (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday set up a committee comprising senior bureaucrats to negotiate the purchase of the iconic air india building on marine drive in south mumbai with the ministry of civil aviation.
;;0.3612;;he said the cm was keen on buying the building in view of its strategic location, with both the state secretariat and the legislative assembly in the vicinity.
;;0.4423;;while the negotiating team will discuss the proposal with senior bureaucrats in the ministry, fadnavis himself will take it up with civil aviation minister suresh prabhu if prabhu agrees, government-to-government transfer of the property should not be difficult.
;;-0.8658;;producer saket sahni and mahie gill after the attack on tuesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis stated in the legislative council on thursday that the government may invoke maharashtra control of organised crime act (mcoca) against those involved in the attack on a film crew shooting in thane on tuesday.
;;0.0516;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday ridiculed the mega-alliance of opposition parties in various states, claiming modi was the only national leader.
;;0.5106;;fadnavis was addressing a prize distribution programme organised by bharatiya janata yuva morcha, the youth wing of bjp , at sion.
;;-0.1901;;in a 20-minute speech, fadnavis targeted opposition parties, including former pm manmohan singh though the former pm was a great human being, but he was tongue-tied, and not able to speak without seeking prior permission from madam; he even had to ask her whether to attack the opposition or not, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis further stated prior to 2014, 50  of citizens did not have a bank account.
;;0.0;;bjym national chief and ls mp poonam mahajan termed the mega-alliance a maha-thagbandhan.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked mayor nanda jichkar to implement zero pendency project in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) on the lines of mantralaya.
;;0.0;;fadnavis along with union minister nitin gadkari inaugurated newly constructed administrative building of nmc satranjipura zone in east nagpur on sunday.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis and gadkari also dedicated newly constructed overhead drinking water tank at chandra nagar on sunday.
;;0.2023;;fadnavis and gadkari also presented possession of stalls constructed on model basis for cobblers worker at hill top, ram nagar.
;;0.6369;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced a special grant of rs50 crore to the indira gandhi government medical college and hospital (iggmch) to mark the golden jubilee celebrations of the college.
;;0.0;;the cm reminded the past and the present students that the exposure of patients that the doctors get in the government sector cannot be compared at all either with private medical colleges or that in private practice.
;;0.5423;;navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has, on tuesday, agreed to approve cidcos comprehensive proposal to waive off all charges like transfer, mortgage, change of use, besides noc.
;;0.2263;;the cm has consented to reduce the premium amount mentioned in cidcos proposal, which was said to be an exorbitant amount by residents and has asked the principal secretary of the urban development department (udd) to fast track the process which will allow leaseholders to carry out redevelopment and renovation sans hassles.
;;-0.2732;;in a meeting convened by the cm at mantralaya on tuesday, it was decided that cidco will only collect renewal premium and waive off all other charges for which the residents have to run from one department to other for obtaining various documents during transfer, change of land use, mortgage and more.
;;0.4215;;ramaswami n, one of the members of the cidco board, said, the cm has in principle approved the proposal.
;;0.6908;;sarangkheda (nandurbar); chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday visited the famous chetak festival here, one of the oldest horse festivals in asia.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the rally in the poll-bound state where elections are due in the upcoming months.
;;0.0;;this story is from october 30, 2018file photo of cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: even as the state is gearing up to tackle a drought, the key difference between this years drought and those maharashtra has seen previously is a rs 7,692 crore water conservation scheme.
;;0.4019;;this story is from october 21, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ruled out simultaneous assembly and parliamentary elections in the state in 2019 while extending support to the 'one nation, one election' concept.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis was, however, quick to add that the state government supported the 'one nation, one election' theory, propagated by prime minister narendra modi .
;;-0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked the environment minister, ramdas kadam, to extend by another two months the one-month window to implement the ban.
;;-0.802;;former bmc chief v ranganathan, who supervised a committee formed in 2006 to implement the plastic ban, said a complete ban was not possible then, and its not possible now.
;;-0.5574;;indeed, the fadnavis government has formed three panels to look into the various aspects of the ban.
;;0.0;;a high-powered pakistani delegation led by attorney general ashtar ausaf ali met with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and other senior officials on monday and tuesday.
;;-0.8271;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ordered an in-depth inquiry into the incident of wall collapse in pune, in which 15 people were killed and also announced an ex-gratia of rs 5 lakh to be given to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.0;;the inquiry will fix responsibility and also probe the lapses which caused the incident, said fadnavis to mediapersons.
;;0.1027;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra cabinet has cleared setting up of a scheme to provide subsidy on lpg connections on the lines of the central government's prime minister ujjwala yojana pmuy ).
;;0.2732;;nashik: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday strongly advocated that nashik municipal corporation (nmc) should take over the responsibility of city bus services.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was addressing a gathering during the valedictory function at property expo, shelter 2017, at dongre vasatigruha ground.
;;0.3612;;assuring the city commuters that the state government would resolve the transportation problem of nashik city at the earliest, fadnavis suggested that the nmc can take up various models to run the city transport system to make it viable and sustainable.
;;0.3182;;according to the chief minister there will be a huge network of closed circuit television (cctv) cameras in the city as soon as possible.
;;0.0772;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis , replying to a starred question in the house on wednesday, said the jail administration is engaged in tracing out inmates with different psychological disturbances through a self-help group.
;;-0.6908;;fadnavis was replying to questions of opposition leaders related to deaths and murder of ayush pugaliya, a convict in kush katariya case, in jail.
;;0.0;;* maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also urged people to stay indoors.
;;0.7906;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will inaugurate the birth anniversary celebrations of freedom fighter-philosopher vinayak damodar savarkar , popularly known as swatantryaveer savarkar , on sunday at the revolutionary leader's birthplace bhagur in nashik district.
;;-0.2263;;the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendra modi on the flood situation in the state.
;;0.4767;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said his government would soon draft a comprehensive action plan to provide state-of-the-art infrastructure for promotion of sports i am committed to taking all possible steps for promotion of sports.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was speaking at the semi-final of a cricket match organised by shivaji park gymkhana in memory of late cricketers vijay manjrekar and ramakant desai .
;;0.128;;at another event in the city, fadnavis launched the no-horn campaign at wankhede stadium.
;;0.4019;;mumbai: women members of the nationalist congress party on sunday shouted slogans against amruta fadnavis , chief minister devendrafadnavis ' wife, during a programme in solapur.
;;0.0;;aurangabad: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday asked for implementation of different development schemes initiated by the government in mission mode.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis  who inaugurated different public works in jalna during his tour to marathwada  mentioned jal yukta shivar , farm-pond on demand, cleanliness campaign, 'galmukta dharan, galyukta shivar' and pradhan mantri awas yojana as some of the welfare schemes that require speedy implementations.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also inaugurated works under the galmukta dharan, galyukta shivar programme at a micro irrigation project of shindi village in jafrabad taluka.
;;-0.34;;at another event, fadnavis stressed on the need for carrying out planning of works under water conservation scheme of jal yukta shivar before monsoon.
;;0.0;;the cm, who held meeting with officials from different government departments, also sought taluka-wise review of officials works in jalna district.
;;0.3612;;during his visit to osmanabad district, the cm appealed to the farmers to take benefit of farm-on demand scheme in maximum numbers.
;;0.2263;;meanwhile, fadnavis chose not to react on party president raosaheb danve 's recent controversial comments against tur dal producing farmers.
;;0.4215;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis dropped a bombshell on wednesday by revealing that the list of beneficiaries of the earlier loan waivers announced by the then upa and df governments in 2008 was unavailable.
;;0.0772;;the startling revelation came while fadnavis was replying to the marathon discussion under rule 293 moved by the opposition benches, which lasted over two days.
;;0.296;;earlier, the cm added to his figures of loan waiver, which he had announced last week while replying to discussion on the same subject and on the same motion but moved by the treasury benches.
;;-0.5106;;after receiving inputs from them, we will consult with the cm and take a decision to benefit rice and cotton growers, whose crops were destroyed due to incessant rains or bollworm and aphid attack.
;;0.25;;even the cm endorsed him, saying that the government would announce a package before the end of the winter session on friday.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday claimed that samadhan shibirs have benefited crores of people in the state.
;;0.0;;fadnavis stated this while addressing the inauguration of second samadhan shibir for nagpur south-west assembly constituency, which he represents.
;;0.0;;he appealed fadnavis to sanction rs125 crore for completing various works of nagpur south-west constituency.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a high-level inquiry against pwd officials for non-payment of water bills for varsha, his official residence, on wednesday.
;;0.0;;the inquiry will also cover dereliction of duty by pwd officials, particularly the chief engineer and the executive engineer.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis condoled fundkar's demise, and recalled his late cabinet colleague's contribution to the party and farmers' development.
;;-0.3182;;we lost our senior colleague said fadnavis.
;;-0.743;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis security has been beefed up after his office received two anonymous letters in which a group claiming to be maoist threatened to kill him and his family members.
;;0.0;;the total project cost is expected to be rs 6,500 crore, of which rs 1,500 crore will be used for land acquisition, anirudh pawaskar, chief engineer of the civic road department, said.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the state government cannot implement dr vijay kelkar committee 's report on balanced regional development as it as, since its parameters do not match with those mentioned in the constitution.
;;-0.5994;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has constituted a five-member committee under the environment secretary to give a hearing to plastic manufacturers in the wake of the ban imposed by the state.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken following a meeting manufacturers had with the cm on monday.
;;0.0;;sources who attended the meeting said fadnavis remained non-committal and said the expert committee would hear them out and a report would be submitted to the empowered committee under the chairmanship of environment minister and shiv sena leader ramdas kadam.
;;0.0;;he said they had apprised fadnavis about the largescale recycling already happening in the state.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.2023;;mumbai: a day after shiv sena minister ramdas kadam threatened his party would call off its alliance with bjp if it wasnt given the cms post, sena president uddhav thackeray met cm devendrafadnavis at his official residence, varsha, to demand reservation for the dhangar community in the scheduled caste (st) category.
;;0.6124;;the cm has assured that before the poll code of conduct kicks in, the state government would recommend to the centre that the dhangars be provided quota in the st category.
;;0.0;;the cm told the sena chief that he would organise a meeting with the advocate general on saturday to discuss the issue.
;;0.0;;thackeray, along with a delegation of dhangar leaders, met fadnavis on thursday evening.
;;0.0;;it will be attended by fadnavis, thackeray and community leaders.
;;0.0;;thackeray, before meeting the cm, had discussed the issue in detail with dhangar community leaders at matoshree, his residence.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 25, 2018maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis made the announcement after the mills workers union met him with their long-pending demand.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had sanctioned special funds for developmental works in his south-west constituency two years ago.
;;0.3818;;mumbai: on the eve of two lok sabha bypolls in maharashtra, the shiv sena filed a complaint with the election commission over a speech by chief minister devendrafadnavis allegedly urging bjp workers to use a tit for tat policy in dealing with sena cadres and win the palghar poll by hook or crook.
;;0.296;;meanwhile, fadnavis declined to comment on prospects for a pre-poll alliance with the sena in 2019, adding that he would speak on the subject after the bypoll results on may 31.
;;-0.296;;seeking action, he alleged that the palghar district administration was functioning under pressure from fadnavis.
;;0.4767;;the sena has accused fadnavis of provoking bjp workers into a face-off with its cadres to win the palghar bypoll by means fair or foul, while fadnavis insists that his alliance partner has twisted the content of his speech.
;;-0.3182;;as the audio clip went viral on social media, thackeray taunted bjp for saying his speech was being misinterpreted and said he was willing to learn marathi from fadnavis if that was the case.
;;0.1531;;the cm, reacted to uddhavs comments on sunday saying, one can wake up someone who is asleep but you cannot wake up one who is pretending to be asleep.
;;0.7269;;political sources said winning the election has become a prestige issue for fadnavis who has spent several days campaigning in the district, meeting both voters and party workers.
;;0.0;;bjp had roped in uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, union minister smriti irani and delhi unit chief manoj tiwari for campaigning in palghar.
;;-0.2755;;insetsome nda allies dont agree about our achievementschief minister devendrafadnavis spoke to mediapersons on sunday to mark the completion of the nda governments four years in power.
;;0.765;;when asked whether the bjps alliance partners shared the credit for the achievements of the four years, fadnavis replied that the credit accrued to all nda allies.
;;0.0;;regarding sena leader sanjay rauts comments that fadnavis was an egoistic person, the cm replied that he would not respond to the comments by sena leaders junior to uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with senior bureaucrats, on saturday left for a week-long official tour to canada and the usa.
;;0.2023;;fadnavis will talk to organizations and industry groups about speeding up of important projects in the state.
;;0.0;;in new york, fadnavis will meet world bank officials, seeking funds for some ongoing projects in the state.
;;0.3818;;at the meeting in montreal, fadnavis will discuss the artificial intelligences and expertise related to agriculture technology and infrastructure.
;;-0.1953;;this story is from november 11, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has a new take on the political relations between his party bjp and ally shiv sena which has of late been the most vociferous critic of every action by the government in the state or at the centre.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis, who completed four years in office, without a blemish handed over a 45-page dossier of how the bjp-sena government has done far better on every parameter as compared to more than a decade of the congress-led governments in the state.
;;-0.7717;;on the avni (t1) killing, fadnavis lamented the politicization of the matter.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis's official bungalow, varsha in malabar hill, made it to the water charge defa.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: chief minister devendra fadnavis's official bungalow, varsha in malabar hill, made it to the water charge defaulter list compiled by the bmc recently.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on tuesday that the state government will seek the assistance of rs 6,813 crore from the centre for flood relief.
;;0.1779;;the rajya sabha member urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , mumbai metro and civic authorities to find alternate solutions for the metro car shed and preserve the aarey colony.
;;0.0;;last week, paediatrician and the director of thalassaemia and sickle cell centre, nagpur, dr vinky rughwani met chief minister devendrafadnavis and submitted a memorandum requesting him to make provisions for the patients so that they can get a certificate of being differently abled.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in 2016 announced setting up a committee to ensure equitable water distribution for the region coming under jurisdiction of the bmc.
;;-0.7096;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: cm devendrafadnavis announced compensation for people who suffered losses due to floods in kalyan, badlapur, ulhasnagar and the neighbouring areas.
;;0.0;;rajeshwari jadhav, a badlapur local, said, we heard that the cm will come and meet us but but he left without a visit.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 15, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.6486;;the buldhana tour of chief minister devendrafadnavis was abruptly called off on thursday after he complained of uneasiness.
;;0.0;;after programmes in the three districts, fadnavis was to fly to nagpur and halt there at night.
;;0.3182;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said statistics is merely a perception while better crime management can be accomplished through proper strategy and planning.
;;-0.6808;;the cm shared his perspective of crime and statistics while inaugurating the maharashtra police citizen portal app, and releasing the 19th edition of the statistics released by state crime investigation department (cid), at chitnavis centre.
;;-0.6134;;fadnavis, lauding police efforts to launch pro-citizen app, advised them not to remain restricted in the realm of statistics but to use the data to analyse crime and devise methods to prevent them.
;;-0.4215;;the rise convictions is due to stress on technical evidence, which is irrefutable, and use of different technologies, said the cm.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, chief minister devendrafadnavis said khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav has become a cultural identity of the city which gives artistes a platform to perform and also fulfils the cultural needs of citizens.
;;0.4404;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis called pune the next growth engine after signing a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) with the singapore government on wednesday to draw up a development plan for pune metropolitan region development authority ( pmrda ).
;;-0.4767;;mumbai: the home department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday suspended public information officer sarangkumar patil for providing incorrect information to rti activist jeetendra ghadge on the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project.
;;0.0772;;it was found the sub-committee did meet on a number of occasions and briefed the cm.
;;-0.7184;;in view of the wrong reply given by patil, there was massive embarrassment to the cm, he said.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said post redevelopment, dharavi , one of the metropolis' biggest slum clusters , will be its new bkc.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , his madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh counterparts shivraj singh chouhan, raman singh, former union agriculture minister sharad pawar , former home minister sushilkumar shinde, assam governor banwarilal purohit, ex-cm narayan rane and ncp leader praful patel attended the programme.
;;-0.0;;fadnavis paid rich tributes to his leader and remembered how gadkari just after surviving a major road accident in 2002 refused to rest and worked with a broken leg to ensure the first victory of the bjp in nmc elections.
;;0.0;;nagpur:chief minister devendrafadnavis has categorically ruled out shifting the proposed nanar refinery to vidarbha, saying, the project can be shifted to vidarbha only if sea can be brought here.
;;0.0;;the stand-off escalated when industries minister subhash desai , who is from the sena, had revoked the land acquisition notice without seeking permission from the cm.
;;0.5106;;on the monsoon session, the cm expressed confidence that it would be held in nagpur from july 4.
;;0.0;;pti photonashik: on the eve of the assembly elections in maharashtra , prime minister narendra modi will address a rally in nashik on september 19 on the concluding day of chief minister devendrafadnavis ' 'mahajanadesh yatra', a bjp official said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;chief engineer (hso) of cwc, new delhi, will be chairman of the committee while representative of water resources departments (wrd) of maharashtra, mp, director (hydrology) and director (m&a) of cwc will be the members.
;;0.0;;vidc had told chief minister devendrafadnavis and guardian minister chandrashekar bawankule about the need to revise the 1964 quota allotted to the state and mp.
;;0.0;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday shifted more than a dozen ias officers of the rank of collector and zilla parishad chief executive officer.
;;0.0;;kolhapur collector avinash subhedar has been posted in urban development department as joint secretary, d b gawade as director, tourism, and b g pawar will be civic chief, vasai-virar municipal corporation.
;;0.4767;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis had constituted a committee in august 2016 under then nagpur divisional commissioner anup kumar to study sector wise backwardness in vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.0;;it was to be submitted to the cm in february 2017.
;;-0.1531;;however, shockingly it is yet to reach fadnavis.
;;0.0;;unless fadnavis or at least a person from vidarbha becomes the cm again, the report is likely to be put in cold storage.
;;0.4939;;it is seeking an appointment with fadnavis to hand it over to him.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis handed over the land allotment order for the construction of venkateswara temple to ttd joint executive officer p basant kumar at cms official residence varsha in mumbai, an official release said on wednesday.
;;0.5719;;co/4aelcvhnfo  ani (@ani) 1551169950000ex-army chief general bikram singh: it's an excellent operation that has been undertaken.
;;0.0;;we proved our might, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.2023;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday claimed that the loans waived by congress governments at the centre and state in 2008 benefited banks and credit societies, but few farmers.
;;-0.5994;;fadnavis charged that a bank had allegedly siphoned off money received under the congress governments loan waiver scheme through five lakh fake accounts.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the proposed site of dr babasaheb ambedkar memorial at indu mills in dadar (west) on friday to review the work and announced that it would be ready by april 14, 2020.
;;-0.34;;this story is from november 4, 2018fadnavis addressing the atal sankalpa mahasammelan on saturdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citypune: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday set forth a warning to shiv sena, which is planning to contest the 2019 lok sabha polls on its own.
;;0.7906;;at the meeting, the cm admitted that there was spectre of drought in the state but assured citizens that the state government would provide drinking water and help to the farmers.
;;0.6369;;fadnavis added that prime minister narendra modi has assured support for the state in its effort to redress the drought issue.
;;-0.5574;;however, fadnavis did not elaborate if he was referring to the recent bombay high court ruling against the states move to regularize pre-2015 illegal constructions.
;;0.0;;fulzele informed that the report was not fully complete as the home department headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis was yet to give its opinion.
;;-0.5239;;this story is from november 30, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis uses almost every platform to tom-tom nagpur metro project but shockingly his government is not paying its share for it.
;;0.0;;nagpur: the winter session of the state legislature that concluded last friday was a tame affair with chief minister devendrafadnavis and his cabinet colleagues deftly handling the combined opposition onslaught.
;;0.552;;while the session would certainly add to first-time cm fadnavis learning curve, he has more than demonstrated a cool head and that he possesses ability to deflect the oppositions concerted rhetoric, be it on farmer problems or sensitive law and order points.
;;-0.0516;;the way the opposition latched on to the munna yadav episode easily led to suspicion that it was deliberately used as a red-herring by the cm to keep them off other more sensitive issues.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis did not come out with any tangible relief package except for a slightly hiked onus on paddy and the loan waiver schemes already being rolled out.
;;0.0;;with winter session a closed chapter, the next task before fadnavis is the much-awaited cabinet reshuffle-cum-expansion.
;;0.4019;;the former cm has quit congress and formed his own party which has allied with the bjp-led nda.
;;0.0;;but the cm has indicated that rane would be inducted, come what may.
;;0.6908;;in fact, fadnavis is positive that ranes entry in government would lead to a much favourable political realignment with several mlas of the sena as well as congress switching over to the bjp.
;;0.0;;how fadnavis will manage this exercise is being watched with curiosity.
;;0.0772;;if the promised defections do not happen, then how the fadnavis government survives makes the cabinet rejig exercise a major challenge for the cm.
;;0.0;;navi mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis will be transferring sudhakar shinde from ulhasnagar municipal corporation to panvel city municipal corporation (pcmc) soon, said mantralaya sources.
;;0.0;;thakur added that the cm had already stated that it was a temporary transfer as per the state election commission order and he would be back.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has suggested that the education system be reviewed every five years to keep in sync with the changing times.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has started his own tv show 'me mukhyamantri boltoy', which is aired every sunday on doordarshan's sahyadri.
;;0.3612;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari had promised last year that the 55 km long ghodazari branch canal of gosikhurd project would be completed by end of 2018.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , mayor nanda jichkar , home secretary shrikant singh pradhan, adg (prisons) bhushan kumar upadhyay and deputy inspector general of prisons (east) yogesh desai inaugurated the event.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, fadnavis congratulated the administration for the initiative.
;;0.4019;;in his address, upadhyay said that the department started the event in 2015 as the cm had expressed desire to make it an annual affair.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday appointed additional chief secretary (finance) d k jain as the states new chief secretary .
;;0.0;;mullick will be new chief information commissioner.
;;0.0;;after this he was chief executive officer of the jalgaon zilla parishad and also solapur collector.
;;0.0;;five shiv sena cabinet ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis and submitted a representation asking for scrapping of the sra notification.
;;-0.91;;mumbai: a fortnight after a high court order, the home department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday paid rs 70,000 to a chembur businessman for his illegal detention for 33 hours in ahmednagar the businessman, sachin shantaram sonawane, had challenged his detention by ahmednagar police in 2014, saying it was bad in law.
;;-0.4404;;it's an embarrassment for the home department led by cm when the hc passed strictures against law enforcing agencies,'' a senior official said.
;;0.4019;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari will perform bhoomipuja of rs 3,580 crore smart city project on february 2.
;;0.0;;east nagpur mla krishna khopde on sunday met fadnavis and finalized the schedule for bhoomipuja of two programmes.
;;0.6369;;fadnavis also assured to terminate notices issued to people of proposed smart city area for land acquisition in an improper manner, he said.
;;0.0;;this story is from february 16, 2019cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;mumbai: the helicopter carrying chief minister devendrafadnavis to sangli on friday had to land on an alternative helipad because of visibility issues.
;;-0.4019;;it was not the first time that fadnavis encountered problems with helicopter journeys.
;;0.0;;the latest incident happened when fadnavis was on his way to a government event.
;;0.0;;pune: a delegation of elected members from the pune cantonment board (pcb) on tuesday called on chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai.
;;0.0;;yadav said, we apprised the cm about the boards current financial status and how the same was affecting development projects.
;;-0.2732;;pti filemumbai (maharashtra): maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday warned that state government would take action against people if they take the law into their hands during the bandh called by mns on august 22.
;;0.0;;------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------shiv sena leader aaditya thackeray put the onus of saving mnp on chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the mmrda is under direct control of the cm and the sra is also under the state government.
;;0.0;;so the cm must tell us if he knew of this plan or not?
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated india's first floating storage re-gasification unit (fsru)-based terminal at jsw jaigarh port in ratnagiri district.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday observed that maharashtra 's political head does not survive for a long period.
;;0.0;;fadnavis made the unexpected statement at the inauguration of a super-speciality hospital in vikhroli.
;;0.5106;;it appears that either the hospital was constructed in a record time or i survived for a long period as chief minister.
;;-0.3544;;despite his best efforts, the shiv sena did not oblige fadnavis, hence there will be a straight contest between bjp nominee rajendra gavit and shiv sena candidate avinash wanga , who was expected to be bjp candidate.
;;-0.4745;;in the recent past, the sena did not miss a single opportunity to embarrass fadnavis.
;;0.0;;vasantrao naik was the maharashtra cm for a record 11 years.
;;0.0;;pawar had been the cm at different points in the 70s, 80s and 90s.
;;0.0;;fadnavis took over the reins on october 31, 2014, and is all set to complete his five-year term.
;;0.9468;;ani photosolapur: union home minister and bjp president amit shah on sunday challenged congress leader rahul gandhi and ncp chief sharad pawar to clear their stand on the withdrawal of the special status of jammu and kashmir ahead of the upcoming assembly elections in maharashtra addressing a rally here on the occasion of culmination of the second leg of chief minister devendrafadnavis ' 'mahajandesh yatra, shah said maharashtra would be the first state to go to polls after abrogation of articles 370 and 35 (a), which withdrew the special status of jammu and kashmir as well as the special privileges enjoyed by the people of the northern state.
;;0.2732;;pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged municipal commissioner shravan hardikar to form a technical committee to create a revised development plan (dp) of the old city areas.
;;-0.2263;;meanwhile, chief convener vijay patil has submitted a memorandum to fadnavis demanding that the proposed ring road, which would affect 3,500 houses of the old city areas, be scrapped.
;;-0.743;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed an inquiry after a resident from saki naka slums complained that his sister's house was declared illegal and demolished despite the structure having all necessary permissions.
;;-0.2263;;fadnavis has ordered an inquiry and demanded a report.
;;0.0;;fadnavis ordered officials to dispose of citizens' pending cases in the next three days.
;;0.0;;the cm heard 23 cases on monday .
;;-0.6249;;mumbai/aurangabad: chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday sent aurangabad police commissioner yashaswi yadav on forced leave for a month after his forces high-handedness against local protesters sparked a heated debate in the legislature.
;;-0.7096;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on monday that compensation would be given to the flood-affected people who suffered losses.
;;-0.6562;;asked why he waited for so long after being humiliated by pm and not getting satisfactory support from chief minister devendrafadnavis , patole said the way modi was taking political advantage of the neech remark by congress mani shankar iyer, he thought time was ripe to expose modis hypocrisy.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;-0.9001;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced government job for a family member of the two crpf jawans from buldhana killed in the pulwama terror attack .
;;-0.4588;;meanwhile, the cm slammed the opposition for alleging that the shiv sena has formed an alliance after the bjp threatened to send the enforcement directorate (ed) after its leaders.
;;0.4215;;fadnavis, however, remained non-committal on the only sticky point of their alliancethe sharing of chief ministers post for 2.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present.
;;0.6124;;pune: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said looking at the huge support that his ' mahajanadesh yatra ' is receiving, the bjp will have an unprecedented victory in the upcoming state assembly polls.
;;0.0;;fadnavis on saturday visited several tehsils of pune district as part of the third leg of his 'mahajanadesh yatra'.
;;0.0;;fadnavis earlier started his mass contact programme from amravati in vidarbha on august 1.
;;0.128;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis launched 25 hybrid electric ac buses for mumbai at an event at sahyadri guest house in malabar hill on friday morning.
;;-0.5423;;(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday laid the foundation stone of a 10- storeyed complex in bandra which will house a state-of-the-art cyber crime lab , a police station , a training centre along with flats for senior police personnel.
;;0.4404;;local bjp mla ashish shelar, who worked towards making the project a reality thanked fadnavis.
;;0.4404;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari on saturday performed e-bhoomipuja of 13 works collectively valued at over rs367.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has ruled out allocation of funds in the state budget for the proposed airport at purandar asked whether funds will be provided in the state budget for the purandar airport, fadnavis in a text message replied: it is not required.
;;0.0;;the tweet from fadnavis office said, first flight from navi mumbai international airport to take off by december 2019.
;;-0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has come under fire for his governments failure to accord a state funeral to master blaster sachin tendulkars childhood coach ramakant achrekar, a padmashri award recipient.
;;-0.2263;;in certain cases, the cm has used his discretion to accord a state funeral in view of the demand.
;;0.4767;;it was felt that sports minister vinod tawde, guardian minister subhash desai shiv sena mp rahul shewale, mumbai bjp president ashish shelar, who has been associated with the cricket association for decades and mumbai collector shivaji jondhale should have impressed upon the cm the need to accord a state funeral to achrekar in view of his importance in the field of cricket.
;;0.0;;the chief minister will be the chairman of the corporation whereas the housing minister will be the additional president.
;;-0.5423;;pimpri chinchwad: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation ( pcmc ) to stop the work order for the civic contracts for door-to-door collection, transportation and dumping of garbage at the moshi depot.
;;-0.2263;;cm fadnavis has stopped the work order for the garbage contracts.
;;-0.128;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday slammed opposition parties for blaming electronic voting machines (evms) for poll reverses, claiming voters have only prime minister narendra modi in mind.
;;0.0;;fadnavis on friday embarked on the third phase of his mahajanadesh yatra from ahmednagar district.
;;-0.3182;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis was left red-faced after he had to withdraw a circular on the right to information (rti) act following critical remarks on social media and an uproar in the legislature.
;;0.0;;the general administration department (gad) led by fadnavis had set up a committee headed by additional chief secretary (home) sudhir shrivastava to draft guidelines on providing information to legislators and mps.
;;0.1027;;uddhav thackeraymumbai: a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis batted for a metro rail car shed in the metropolis' aarey area, principal ally shiv sena 's chief uddhav thackeray has warned the plan could end up like the aborted nanar refinery in the konkan region.
;;-0.25;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.0;;officials will also consult chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is the chairperson of mmrda, regarding the issue.
;;0.3167;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was addressing a news meet ahead of the budget session of the legislature, which starts from monday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis clarified on the loan waiver schemes status.
;;0.0258;;fadnavis warned that district cooperative central banks (dccbs) could be dissolved if they charged interest to farmers for the duration between the announcement of the loan waiver scheme and actual disbursement.
;;0.0;;nashik: a helicopter ferrying maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to aurangabad landed soon after take off from nashik as it couldn't stabilise due to overloading on saturday morning.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was in nashik since friday night and was heading to an event in aurangabad.
;;0.0;;sikorsky, which was purchased in 2011, has been rendered unusable after it crashed in latur while ferrying chief minister devendrafadnavis and his officials in march this year.
;;0.0;;even previously fadnavis had a few close encounters related to his helicopter.
;;0.0;;fadnavis and the other three passengers escaped unhurt in the incident.
;;0.3818;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed state officials to allot government land in shivajinagar and balewadi to the pune metro project and clear all hurdles by june 17.
;;0.4215;;fadnavis chaired a meeting in mantralaya on tuesday in which he reviewed the progress of various infrastructure and irrigation projects.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis also instructed authorities to turn swargate into an integrated multi-modal transport hub, and said similar integration should be implemented even in shivajinagar for better coordination among the transport services.
;;0.3182;;in case of escalation on account of time overrun, the officials in-charge will be held responsible, said chief minister devendrafadnavis addressing a joint meeting of the centre and state on irrigation.
;;0.4019;;on the source of funds fadnavis said, rs5,000 crore each will come from states budgetary allocation each year, rs1,000 crore will be through the governor backlog removal funds, with rs2,500 crore coming through special assistance from the centre.
;;0.0;;a cr official said, chief minister devendrafadnavis will make the announcement on january 26.
;;0.0;;fadnavis will also inaugurate fobs at various stations, landings at elphinstone road and vidyavihar, escalators at thane and adar, and elevators at dadar, mankhurd, reay road and borivli.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis formally inaugurated mahapariksha web portal on thursday.
;;-0.2789;;nagpur: the decision of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to expand the scope of farm loan waiver to include defaults since 2001 has been hailed as historic by farm activist kishore tiwari tiwari, who also heads the vasantrao naik mission for tackling farm distress in the state, said with fadnavis granting this demand of agitating farmers in mumbai on monday, around 90  of farmers in the acutely distressed suicide-prone vidarbha and marathwada regions would be able to get benefit of the waiver scheme.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to reshuffle the state cabinet before the monsoon session of the maharashtra legislature , which begins in nagpur from july 4.
;;0.128;;if a senior bjp cabinet member is to be believed, fadnavis may drop controversial housing minister prakash mehta, social justice minister rajkumar badole and minister of state for tribal development rajesh ambarishrao atram and induct mumbai bjp president ashish shelar and amravati legislator anil bonde.
;;-0.7351;;the cabinet member said the cm expects adverse remarks against mehta for his alleged involvement in the sra scam.
;;0.875;;he said that in the case of mehta, it was found that he had created an impression that the proposed mooted by him for allegedly giving benefits to a developer had the approval of the cm.
;;0.0;;however, the cm had distanced himself from the project and in fact stayed the proposal last year.
;;0.3612;;the cabinet member said the cm is keen on inducting morshi-based legislator anil bonde in the state cabinet in view of his massive contribution for the development of amravati district .
;;0.4404;;the cm is in favour of his induction as a cabinet minister, the cabinet member said.
;;0.0;;a sanitary napkin vending machine and incinerator installed in the hospital too were inaugurated by fadnavis.
;;0.0258;;health minister sawant sought special permission from the cm to procure hearse vans as a special case in gadchiroli, nandurbar and palghar district, as ambulances cannot be used to carry dead bodies.
;;-0.2732;;the progress of the land acquisition process was reviewed by chief minister devendrafadnavis in his war room on monday.
;;0.0;;the cm issued necessary directives to gadchiroli district collector, he added.
;;0.0;;district collectors told fadnavis that except for nashik and thane districts, land acquisition in other districts was over 90  complete.
;;0.0;;nagpur and pune metro projects were also reviewed by the cm.
;;-0.0772;;chandrapur: chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday announced construction of 100 bailey bridges at 82 villages facing frequent communication breakdown with district headquarters during rainy season in gadchiroli.
;;0.0;;many often end up tagging chief minister devendrafadnavis and even the prime ministers office.
;;0.0258;;details of the penalty are being worked out and will be presented before chief minister devendrafadnavis for approval.
;;0.0;;on march 8, chief minister devendrafadnavis state government issued a notification implementing the reservation in the educational institutions.
;;-0.7096;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citypune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered an inquiry into the wall collapse and has announced an ex gratia of rs 5 lakh for the deceased and rs 25,000 for those injured.
;;0.6597;;the cm also instructed the administration to take preventive measures for the safety of construction workers and asked pune collector naval kishore ram to ensure that the bodies of the deceased individuals are flown back to their families in bihar .
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: with an eye on the upcoming state election, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis inaugurated a digital dashboard which allows him and the public to review projects and government schemes.
;;0.0;;officials said that there are many features that are available to fadnavis and not to the public.
;;-0.5106;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis plan to take over the air india building hangs in the balance as the ministry of civil aviation has rejected the state government proposal to transfer the prime property in nariman point at a cost drawn by nominees of the government and air india.
;;0.0;;a week after the cash-starved air india invited bids for the building, fadnavis stepped in and set up a high-level negotiating committee comprising chief secretary dinesh kumar jain, additional chief secretary (finance) u p s madan and the cms principal secretary bhushan gagrani to interact with the officials of air india and the ministry of civil aviation.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah too have, in the past, ruled out the possibility of concurrent assembly and parliamentary elections in maharashtra.
;;0.4404;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis waves at his supporters during 'mahajanadesh yatra' at islampur i.
;;-0.4404;;read morekolhapur: swabhimani shetkari sanghtana (sss) workers tried to block the chief minister devendrafadnavis convoy by pelting the vehicles with eggs and releasing hens of the kadaknath breed on the road in sangli on monday.
;;0.0;;he said the cm was protecting minister sadabhau khot.
;;0.0;;shetti too has alleged that the cm is protecting khot.
;;0.0;;i am not saying this is completely untrue, but it has been prime minister modi's old tactic, since he was chief minister of gujarat.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: cm devendrafadnavis will finally reshuffle his cabinet on sunday, a day before the state legislatures monsoon session begins and four months before the assembly elections are to be held.
;;0.4215;;bjp chief amit shah approved the rejig proposal after the cm met him in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;this story is from december 14, 2018file photo of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.4939;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis is confident that the shiv sena will ally with the bjp in the upcoming lok sabha polls.
;;0.0;;fadnavis spoke on the seat-sharing issue in an interview to a media house organised in delhi on thursday.
;;0.4019;;refering to shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray's recent remark that only two people, amit shah and narendra modi, ran the bjp, fadnavis clarified that the bjp always functioned without any ego and was run by party workers, not by any family.
;;0.0665;;nu would also be writing a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on inaction by ganeshpeth police station officials against mishra despite two complaints being lodged against him.
;;0.6369;;mumbai: in a bid to highlight its focus on transparency ahead of the lok sabha and state elections this year, the maharashtra cabinet led by bjps devendrafadnavis on tuesday approved an amendment to the lokayukta act bringing the chief minister under the anti-corruption ombudsmans purview.
;;0.4767;;however, the nod came with a proviso: the lokayukta can initiate an inquiry against a cm only after he (the cm) demits office and after the governor gives written approval for the probe.
;;-0.4939;;defending the governments move, the official said if a sitting cm had to face scrutiny, he would not be able to take decisions and the government machinery would collapse.
;;-0.4939;;the amendment will, however, instil fear in a cm that his decisions would be under the scanner, which should serve as a deterrent, the official said.
;;0.7269;;while the lokayukta was earlier appointed by the governor after consultation with the chief justice of the high court and leader of the opposition in the assembly, the selection will now be done through two committees: a search committee, which will have third party experts to suggest names, and a selection committee under the cm and four other members, which will finalise the name and send it to the governor for clearance.
;;0.0;;maharashtra was the first state to have the lokayukta act in 1971, and we are also the first to bring the cm under it, senior minister girish mahajan said.
;;0.2263;;however, 10 states already allow the cm to be probed by the lokayukta.
;;0.0;;he said though the state cabinet had acted on his demands regarding the appointment of lokayukta, the selection process and bringing the cm under the lokayuktas purview, the national issues he had raised remained unresolved.
;;-0.4404;;activists too said the changes in law would be meaningless if a sitting cm could not be probed.
;;0.0;;the cm should be accountable for what he has done in his tenure, and the lokayukta should have the right to call the incumbent cm for an inquiry, said bhaskar prabhu, an activist of the mahiti adhikar manch.
;;0.5267;;navi mumbai: with close to rs 60,000 crore mega project investments in the talukasome yet to take off--- bjp cm, devendrafadnavis comprehensively stamped the development face of the government in the third year of his rule by winning 51 out of the 78 member panvel civic corporation poll 300-year-old panvel township , which gradually expanded and a full-fledged corporation is now an extended mumbai with the cst fast track elevated corridor and the sea link planned.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis had made his intention rather clear by claiming high stakes for the maiden election to panvel city municipal corporation; historically the oldest civic body in the state established in 1852.
;;0.7906;;fadnavis also won the confidence of the electorate by identifying panvel civic body as the face of development of the government.
;;0.5994;;capping the winning streak in the local civic bodies in the state since last year, fadnavis also made the shiv sena bite the dust that failed to win a single seat.
;;0.8934;;both fadnavis and sena supremo addressed rallies in the run-up to the election, but the determination of bjp to win the poll was evident when the two rallies at kharghar and new panvel targeted 57  (approx.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: the maharashtra cabinet will be expanded on sunday and a final meeting on the ministers to be inducted will be held later saturday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in delhi.
;;0.0;;in the last few days, both fadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar had given enough indications about a cabinet expansion.
;;0.0;;earlier, friday night, fadnavis had met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and discussed about the ministers to be inducted in his cabinet.
;;0.0;;i met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray at his residence matoshri and discussed in detail cabinet expansion, fadnavis had tweeted late friday night.
;;0.4019;;the republican party of india (athawale) saturday announced that its leader avinash mahatekar will be inducted into the fadnavis government in sunday's expansion.
;;-0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, this is a serious matter.
;;0.0;;the association has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , asking that the water resources department be instructed to conduct another survey with the assistance of experts associated with the association.
;;0.0;;ajay korane, president of the association, writes in the letter to the cm: a private agency had been appointed by the department.
;;-0.743;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed an inquiry after a resident from saki naka slums complained that his sister's house was declared illegal and demolished despite the structure having all necessary permissions.
;;-0.2263;;fadnavis has ordered an inquiry and demanded a report.
;;0.0;;fadnavis ordered officials to dispose of citizens' pending cases in the next three days.
;;0.0;;the cm heard 23 cases on monday.
;;-0.8019;;stating that it was irony that state government could not find any competent individual across eight districts of the region to head the responsibility of marathwada development board, varma in his resignation had also criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for allegedly not giving time to meet to discuss issues related to the board since past two years.
;;-0.5423;;fadnavis would also release the data of crime statistics for the year 2015-16 assimilated and analysed by the state cid.
;;0.0;;apart from cm, ministers of states dr ranjit patil (urban) and deepak kesarkar (rural) would also be present.
;;-0.6249;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the bmc disaster management control room and took stock of the situation in mumbai with civic officials.
;;-0.6124;;the heavy downpour also forced maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to cancel his scheduled ground breaking function of construction of a new building for mlas.
;;-0.4939;;fadnavis made a similar announcement in the state legislature, announcing a high-level probe into the wall collapse.
;;0.0;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the marathwada region will be made drought-free in the next few years.
