;;-0.25;;the decision has angered activists in pune, who have reminded chief minister devendrafadnavis of his promise to scrap the toll system on the expressway and other roads of the state.
;;0.7845;;the fadnavis government came to power after repeatedly promising the people of maharashtra that they would do away with toll systemaccording to the manch, which has sent a letter to the cm reminding him of his promise, the present contractor has earned mega profit.
;;0.0;;we had brought this to the notice of the cm.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said more textile hubs will have to be set up across the state and vidarbha made its epicentre to ensure 100 per cent procurement and processing of cotton.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
;;0.0;;rane and others had tried to corner chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp on the issue in the assembly earlier this week.
;;0.4019;;if the cm is now taking u-turn from his earlier stand (in support of vidarbha state), voters from the region will teach bjp a lesson in the coming local body elections and the 2019 assembly polls, raut said.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday directed the guardian ministers to review the ongoing jalyukta shivar works and ensure their completion in the next two months ahead of the monsoon.
;;-0.7641;;chatap claimed it was very unfortunate chief minister devendrafadnavis , who belongs to vidarbha, was not interested in giving statehood to the region.
;;0.8126;;it gave a chief minister who hails from vidarbha, but neither bjp nor fadnavis has shown any interest to resolve the issue.
;;0.0;;union minister for environment, forests and climate change prakash javadekar friday held discussions with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other officials on environment and forest-related issues in the state.
;;0.0;;shiv sena ministers called on chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday and asked him to put across to the centre the need for a loan waiver for farmers in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;the sena also asked the cm that he should meet the prime minister and forcefully put across a case for a loan waiver.
;;0.3767;;the cm has accepted this and also shown the willingness to lead a delegation of sena leaders to meet the pm for this demand, shiv sena leader and cabinet minister ramdas kadam said.
;;0.3818;;we have told the cm that he should make a statement in the house and make the governments stand clear.
;;0.4019;;the sena delegation met the cm after holding discussions with party chief uddhav thackeray thursday.
;;-0.128;;that strike prompted chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari samman yojana, which was to see waiver of rs 1.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will set out on a month-long vikas rath yatra across the state in august as part of bjps bid to retain power in the upcoming assembly polls.
;;0.5719;;saturdays big announcement comes at a time when the bjp is locked in a tussle with its ally shiv sena over who would get to name the next cm if their alliance wins the polls.
;;0.0;;advertisingsenior bjp leader and state revenue minister chandrakant patil said, in august, the cm will embark on a vikas rath yatra to underscore the achievements of the government and interact directly with people.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was also present at the meeting.
;;0.0;;in fact, an editorial in senas mouthpiece, saamana, on june 21, had said that the the states next cm will be from the shiv sena.
;;0.0;;the cm will be at the forefront of the campaign.
;;0.4019;;everyone in our party feels that the (next) cm should be from the bjp.
;;0.0;;with ashish shelar inducted as a minister in the fadnavis government, a new mumbai bjp chief is also in the offing.
;;0.0;;at present, fadnavis holds the home portfolio.
;;0.0;;(express) at present, fadnavis holds the home portfolio.
;;0.5523;;(express)shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday lashed out at the maharashtra government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying it was good for nothing, and demanded a separate home minister for the state.
;;0.0;;at present, fadnavis holds the home portfolio.
;;0.4404;;the fadnavis government is good for nothing.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, savale said that last week, when chief minister devendrafadnavis was in pimpri-chinchwad for the bjp executive committee meeting, she and other standing committee members met him.
;;0.296;;advertisingthorat said that a delegation of party leaders will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday to formally raise the demand.
;;0.0;;while alleging that the state was lacking in efforts to tackle flood, thorat also took a swipe at fadnavis.
;;-0.1027;;referring to union home minister amit shahs aerial survey in flood-hit parts of karnataka and maharashtra, thorat questioned why fadnavis or senior state ministers werent a part of the assessment exercise.
;;0.34;;the loans, including the interest of all farmers who have been affected by the floods that have hit the state, should be waived, said the ncp in a charter of 15 demands submitted to maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.6124;;claiming violation of norms in a project under the urban development department, which comes under chief minister devendrafadnavis , patil said, a project in meera-bhayander was allowed violating crz norms to help bjp leader narendra mehta.
;;-0.0516;;mopalwar has been on leave since august, when chief minister devendrafadnavis removed him from his post as the vice-chairman and managing director of the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc).
;;0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , in september last year, directed mumbai municipal commissioner ajoy mehta to examine whether heritage tdr could be sanctioned for the property and to further determine the extent to which it could be granted, if admissible.
;;-0.5719;;according to information, chief minister devendrafadnavis himself gave the go ahead for action against the ncp leaders firm after a two-month long multi-state investigation busted the alleged scam.
;;0.6597;;chief minister devendrafadnavis performed a puja in ujjain praying for the drought to end and the state have a good rainfall this year, it noted.
;;0.0;;anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
;;0.0;;anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
;;0.0;;anand dave, district president of abbm, said, we have sent the proposal for building shrimant bajirao peshwe srishti to chief minister devendrafadnavis by email.
;;0.0772;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday declared rural areas of the state open defecation-free and claimed the state has constructed the highest number of toilets in the country.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis friday said the bombay high courts order upholding the ban on slaughter of beef in the state vindicated the governments decision as constitutional.
;;-0.7884;;however, critics tried to equate the beef ban as anti-constitutional and also linked it to certain community and religion, which is both highly objectionable and unfortunate, the cm added.
;;-0.6808;;according to fadnavis, while overall the beef ban had been upheld, there were two aspects that had been struck down by the court.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken a good initiative through the jalyukt-shivar abhiyan, he said.
;;0.3612;;asked if he would like to return to maharashtra as chief minister, he said, i will never come back to mumbai.
;;0.4391;;devendra fadnavis is a very capable man.
;;0.0;;while the states protocol department had received a total of nine applications for the election commissioners post, sources said that post retirement perk was already discussed between chief minister devendrafadnavis and madan before he stepped down from the chief secretarys position.
;;0.0;;in april, the state government had formed the sit after direct intervention by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;minutes after harshavardhan patil joined bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the party was trying to rope him in for last five years.
;;-0.2023;;patil said the cm for his sake had also postponed a meeting of the state cabinet to attend a function of his launch his book, vidhan gatha.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis too has been critical of late of the bureaucracy in the state.
;;0.3818;;highly placed sources in the government revealed: chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to use the development for industrial and agriculture growth in the backward regions.
;;0.0;;on august 23, 2016, fadnavis had signed an mou with union minister for civil aviation ashok gajapathi raju for regional air connectivity in ten districts across maharashtra.
;;-0.128;;the indian medical association (ima) had earlier called off its indefinite strike after chief minister devendrafadnavis conceded to a majority of its demands.
;;0.3612;;two representatives from each of the 16 medical colleges met the chief minister and senior government officials, and urged them to agree to their demands in writing.
;;-0.4404;;dr ashok tambe, president of the imas state unit, said all the issues, pertaining to the spate of attacks against resident doctors and private doctors, were thoroughly discussed at the meeting with the cm.
;;0.8074;;during the meeting, fadnavis agreed in writing to provide 700 armed security personnel from the maharashtra police security corporation within five days and the remaining, almost 400 security personnel, within 15 days at government medical colleges and hospitals.
;;-0.2263;;an alarm system, and a pass system for family members of the patients, will be put in place, said dr s s utture, ima treasurer who was part of the delegation that met the chief minister.
;;-0.5719;;a day after the bombay high court directed that fir be registered into the maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb) scam, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the case will be registered within five days.
;;0.4019;;the cm, however, maintained: there is not a single instance where the party has acted with political vendetta.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)at sindhi village (jafrabad taluka) in jalna district, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday launched the state governments project to desilt dams and check soil erosion on agriculture land.
;;0.0;;during his tour in of osmanabad and jalna, fadnavis held interactions with farmers on the new project seeking their participation.
;;-0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to attend the inauguration.
;;0.765;;these polls are crucial for ncp as the civic bodies  pmc and neighbouring pcmc  are in the home district of party chief sharad pawar, while chief minister devendrafadnavis has made it a pride contest to validate the policies of bjp-led state and central government.
;;-0.765;;the committee, comprising leaders such as mp raju shetti, mla bacchu kadu, mlc jayant patil and various representatives of farmers bodies, was set up after the protesting farmers disagreed with the previous leaders of the agitation who met chief minister devendrafadnavis last week and called off the strike.
;;0.5267;;district guardian minister girish bapat district guardian minister girish bapattwo months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced the construction of a separate police commissionerate for pimpri-chinchwad, the search for an ideal location seems to be over.
;;0.0;;the three-day conclave will be inaugurated on april 21 by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and goa cm manohar parrikar.
;;0.296;;the loan waiver for marginal farmers, announced by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to end the farmers strike, will help farmers in western maharashtra the most.
;;0.1531;;one of the major demands of the farmers on strike was loan waiver, which was accepted with a rider by fadnavis.
;;0.0;;shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prashant nadkar) shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;ias officer n ramaswami will be the new nmmc chief.
;;0.0;;chief minister prithviraj chavan said there is a proposal to regularise irregularities in patliputra housing society of ias officials in versova.
;;0.0;;bjp mla devendrafadnavis questioned why no action had been taken against the housing society when there is a clear provision to do so.
;;0.0;;the state government introduced the helipad policy after at least four incidents involving the helicopter ferrying chief minister devendrafadnavis were reported in the last few months.
;;-0.9118;;ncp boss sharad pawar had attacked maharashtras anti-terrorism squad for terrorising muslim youths on mere suspicion and detaining them illegally, upon which maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis attacked him.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe meeting, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , also pushed for more agricultural reforms with emphasise on irrigation, especially targetted towards the small and marginal farmers in backward, drought-prone and naxal belts of the state.
;;-0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis broke his silence on the issue thursday, condemning the attacks on doctors.
;;0.0;;ahead of civic polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today announced extension of metro to the neighbouring mira bhayandar area.
;;-0.2263;;officers of central railway (cr) have demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis and maharashtra assembly speaker haribhau bagde act against the public representative.
;;0.0;;b'chief minster devendrafadnavis visited tribal villages in dhule and nandurbar districts wednesday to review the jalyukta shivar projects, public healthcare and social sectors.
;;0.0;;express chief minster devendrafadnavis visited tribal villages in dhule and nandurbar districts wednesday to review the jalyukta shivar projects, public healthcare and social sectors.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis announced this while reviewing the progress of various schemes.
;;0.3818;;the tribal district tour saw the chief minister discussing cottage industries to promote local farm produce.
;;0.0;;a nutritional rehabilitation centre (nrc) in molgi and a rural hospital in nandurbar were inaugurated by the cm.
;;0.0;;at shindkheda taluka, the cm visited an agriculture graduate shri patils farm.
;;0.0;;the cm reviewed the toilet-in-every- household project under swachh bharat.
;;0.4019;;54-km road project under mukhyamantri gramsadak yojna and desilting work at susri dam with the support of jnpt and art of living in bhagdari village were other projects which the cm reviewed.
;;-0.296;;advertisingat the cabinet meet, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , serious concern was expressed over imds forecast of delayed monsoon and deficient rainfall in maharashtra.
;;0.4215;;advertisingon september 3, devendrafadnavis cabinet had approved a revised tourism policy for maharashtra, which included proposal of renting out forts to private tourism developers and hoteliers on lease basis.
;;0.0;;he even called on chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue on friday.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis on friday also said there was no such proposal to open historical forts for commercial activities.
;;0.0;;twenty-five lakh women from across the state have presented rakhis to chief minister devendrafadnavis this year.
;;0.0;;this figure doesnt include the rakhis that are still being sent to the cm.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, sources said the guinness world records has taken note of the cm receiving 25 lakh rakhis.
;;-0.5859;;kevin dsouzathe citys perennial road-digging problem has found a new victim, chief minister devendrafadnavis pet mumbai wifi project.
;;0.0;;on january 9, two days before the code of conduct was announced, fadnavis, in a series of tweets, announced mumbai wifi.
;;0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a high-level probe and water resources minister girish mahajan, who visited the area wednesday, announced that strict action will be initiated against officials found responsible.
;;0.5106;;speaking at the event, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that 11 of maharashtras 36 districts had been declared free of open defecation since the swachh bharat campaign kicked off.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis stated that cleanliness across the state had increased by more than 35 per cent in the past three years.
;;0.7351;;these districts are our main focus, and we hope that by 2018, all of them are categorised as open-defecation free, said fadnavis.
;;0.4404;;following that, in march 2018, we hope the entire state can claim the title, making it the largest state to do so, said fadnavis.
;;0.6124;;theres no question of celebrating jinnah in india, says yogi adityanathaccording to up chief minister yogi adityanath, there was no question of celebrating jinnah in india.
;;0.5859;;the sharad pawar-led party also dared maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to accept the demand of bjp legislator mangal prabhat lodha to demolish the jinnah house, once the mumbai residence of pakistans founder.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and tata trusts chairman ratan tata signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) for this collaboration at vidhan bhavan in mumbai.
;;-0.5994;;this will be a huge gift of hope for patients suffering from blood cancer, sickle cell, thalassemia, and other fatal diseases, said the chief minister.
;;0.5106;;ratan tata was present in the vip gallery when fadnavis made a statement on the mous in the house.
;;0.0;;the state will be the first to take up a plan to spread internet literacy across its villages, the cm informed the house.
;;0.1027;;on monday evening, chief minister devendrafadnavis and parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat had reached out to the shiv sena camp in a bid to end the stalemate.
;;0.0;;the constable lalita salve, who now prefers to be called lalit, had met chief minister devendrafadnavis in march in this regard and was awaiting the state governments permission to undergo the surgery.
;;0.0;;i met chief minister devendrafadnavis on march 21 in connection with my case.
;;0.7269;;speaking to mediapersons after the results were declared, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, i express gratitude to the people of palghar for reposing their faith in the development work of the government.
;;0.0;;the election saw high-voltage campaign with chief minister devendrafadnavis campaigning extensively.
;;-0.0258;;considering the october 2016 precedent of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis when he too invited raj thackeray to his office to hear out and settle his partys objections to karan johars ae dil hai mushkil, this came as no surprise.
;;-0.4404;;government representatives like fadnavis and chaturvedi, instead of castigating goon threats, vandalism and violence, validate their methods by providing them a legitimate seat at the table as a result of these attention-seeking actions.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , at internal departmental meetings where the documents were discussed, said, maharashtra should emerge as the leading state in taking forward micro irrigation.
;;0.8979;;(express photo by dilip kagda)despite objections from the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), the state governments urban development (ud) department, led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has ruled in favour of granting additional construction rights to a super luxury residential project of the lodha group, promoted by bjp mla mangal prabhat lodha.
;;0.0;;documents show the chief minister, on may 23, 2016, directed the principal secretary of the urban development department (nitin kareer) to take a hearing on the issue.
;;-0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavisafter the union defence ministry and the railway ministry agreed to provide land to maharashtra for the rehabilitation of slum-dwellers and project affected persons by december 2017, the state has urged them to expedite the process of opening up land that has been lying idle or is encroached, so that it can start building colonies for slum-dwellers after the monsoon this year.
;;0.4404;;earlier this week in a significant decision, union finance minister arun jaitely and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu accepted chief minister devendrafadnavis request of including affordable housing, including slum redevelopment, in the list of social and commercial infrastructure.
;;0.0772;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)each property in maharashtras cities and towns will soon have a unique identification number.
;;0.0;;to bring more properties under the property tax net, chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development department has decided to implement a gis-enabled tax tracking system across all cities on a priority basis.
;;-0.09;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)hitting out at shiv sena which snapped ties with bjp for the local body polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said his party had no qualms about fighting on lesser number of seats in the bmc elections, but was firm on transparency in the sena-controlled civic body.
;;0.1779;;fadnavis was addressing a gathering of bjp workers in mumbai, as part of vijay sankalp melava (resolve for victory rally), the same venue where sena chief uddhav thackeray had on january 26 declared that his party will go it alone in the local body polls.
;;-0.1027;;some chief ministers pretend they can influence the judiciary.
;;0.4767;;for instance, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis has referred the marathass demand for reservation to the supreme court.
;;0.0;;bombay high court bombay high courtthe bombay high court today asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to personally look into the high-handed and arbitrary manner in which mumbai city collector ashwini joshi was conducting herself.
;;0.5423;;we direct the chief minister of maharashtra to look into the matter personally and find out the state of affairs in the collectors office, justice kanade said.
;;0.2023;;the supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on the ground that he had not disclosed details of two criminal cases against him while filing his nomination in 2014, even as it sought to know why the allegations should not be proved in trial.
;;0.6124;;advertisinga bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi, and comprising justices deepak gupta and aniruddha bose reserved the verdict with the petitioners counsel, senior advocate vivek tankha, insisting that fadnavis was required under the law to disclose the details.
;;0.0;;appearing for the cm, senior advocate mukul rohatgi contested the claim.
;;-0.5267;;tankha submitted that fadnavis had not disclosed details of two criminal cases.
;;0.2023;;among them were chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp leader ajit pawar and several top congress leaders.
;;-0.5859;;the call for mondays bandh had been given by a section of farmer leaders unhappy with the decision of the kisan kranti morcha to call off their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis last friday.
;;-0.128;;with many protesters claiming that the leaders who met the cm had left the states farmers in the lurch for personal gains, a new leadership emerged, which is now planning to take the agitation forward.
;;0.0;;fadnavis on friday had with a group of farmers and announced some sops.
;;0.4767;;we wanted to get some relief for farmers and in the meeting with the cm, we managed that.
;;-0.3071;;we are not a part of this agitation, said dhananjay jadhav, a member of the kisan kranti morcha who met the cm.
;;0.3818;;gorhe said they have spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has promised to look into the matter.
;;0.7509;;the ministers behaviour is highly condemnable the fadnavis government has not launched disaster management but was into disaster tourism as is visible from his boat rides and selfies videos.
;;-0.4767;;advertisingit also asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to seek resignation of the insensitive minister.
;;-0.4215;;farmer leader raju shetti said, mahajans insensitivity reflects the attitude of the fadnavis government.
;;0.0;;though uttar pradesh is water surplus, chief minister yogi aadityanath too has conveyed to maharashtra that he wants to look at the water management model.
;;0.4215;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had directed all guardian ministers to come out with a detailed report on jalyukta shivar work in their respective districts.
;;0.0;;advertisinga meeting was held on july 14 between chief minister devendrafadnavis and members of the group to discuss the demands.
;;0.1027;;during our meeting the cm agreed on a few action points but government resolutions are awaited.
;;0.0;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said urban maharashtra will become open defecation-free by october 2 next year.
;;0.0;;will prime minister narendra modi or chief minister devendrafadnavis sort out your issues?
;;0.5106;;(source: express photo)railway minister suresh prabhu on saturday inaugurated a mobile ticketing system for suburban railways at dadar station and said he would soon meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari to discuss a proposal on utilising bombay port trust (bpt) land for the expansion of harbour line of the suburban railways.
;;-0.7003;;two days after the navi mumbai municipal corporation passed a no-confidence motion against commissioner tukaram mundhe, the issue continued to simmer thursday with mayor sudhakar sonawane threatening to resign if chief minister devendrafadnavis did not decide on the motion soon.
;;0.8271;;watch what else is making newswhile the shiv sena said the state government should respect the democratic vote behind the motion, the cm spoke out in support of mundhe, saying the latter had been doing good work.
;;-0.34;;so, if fadnavis does not take any decision, i will resign on moral grounds, sonawane said.
;;0.0;;the sena also asked fadnavis to take the democratic route and remove the officer.
;;0.4588;;even if mundhe has done some work as civic chief, that does not mean corporators are not working in the public interest, it said.
;;0.0;;the book titled man on mission maharashtra is on the work of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;shah said he had contested since chief minister devendrafadnavis had advised him to do so.
;;0.6597;;at the bjps core committee meeting held on thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis outlined the partys political achievements and also focused on greater administrative challenges ahead.
;;0.0;;indicating the necessity to consolidate the gains made in the recently-held local body elections for municipal councils  10 municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads  fadnavis stressed on further expediting administrative reforms to reconnect with the masses.
;;-0.128;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors representatives again over doctor strike issue.
;;-0.128;;(source: ani photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors representatives again over doctor strike issue.
;;-0.3612;;(source: ani photo)describing the attitude of striking doctors as adamant and insensitive, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday warned of legal action and gave them an ultimatum to resume duties after his meet with their representatives later this afternoon.
;;0.0;;mahajan said despite the high court directive and appeal by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the doctors have not yielded.
;;0.6705;;the shiv sena welcomed the bjps decision to not contest the mayoral election and claimed that by doing so chief minister devendrafadnavis had respected the mandate given by residents of the city to the shiv sena.
;;0.0;;a tiger has recently been sighted near phetri village in nagpur district, which is the adopted village of chief minister devendrafadnavis , about 8 km from the citys outskirts.
;;0.0;;b'national conference working president omar abdullah national conference working president omar abdullaha day before mehbooba mufti takes oath as jammu & kashmir chief minister, omar abdullah on sunday took a jab at the pdp-bjp alliance after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis reignited the nationalism debate.
;;0.0;;maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
;;0.0;;maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
;;0.0;;maharashtra additional chief secretary (agriculture) dr bhagwan sahai was moved out by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and a probe was ordered against him.
;;-0.8402;;in the wake of the tragedy, all agriculture department employees, who complained of sustained highhanded behaviour ever since sahai took over in may, submitted a representation against sahai to chief minister fadnavis and chief secretary swadheen kshatriya, demanding that either he (sahai) be removed or the employees be shifted to another department.
;;-0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had then credited the bjp government for starting the project and had blamed the previous regimes for sitting on the project for 15 years without getting any regulatory clearances.
;;-0.6997;;the thought of 55 per cent households living in rural maharashtra with no access to toilets was very disturbing, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that his governments maiden budget was not driven by populist politics but economics to fast track the mission of make in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, sawant met chief minister devendrafadnavis late on monday evening in mumbai.
;;0.0;;sources in the cmo said, sawant met the cm.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters later on the sidelines of an infrastructure summit organised by marathi daily lokmat, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also confirmed that there indeed have been some discussions between the governments on such a proposal but was quick to add that maharashtra has asked the company to develop the product first before making test-runs in the state.
;;0.4554;;making light of the sena ministers absence at the cabinet meeting, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar of the bjp said, the sena ministers did not boycott the cabinet meet but sought permission not to attend it which the chief minister granted.
;;0.0;;the sena ministers arrived (at the meeting) and told the chief minister that uddhav thackeray is not here (in mumbai) and they would not attend the cabinet meeting, till they have a word with the sena president.
;;0.4588;;the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
;;0.128;;sharad pawar (file photo) sharad pawar (file photo)nationalist congress party (ncp) chief sharad pawar on saturday accused the ruling bjp of using immense money power in maharashtras local body polls.
;;-0.3818;;as campaigning for the fierce election battle  the local body polls are being seen as a semi-final for the 2019 assembly polls in the state  nears a close, pawar also trained guns on chief minister devendrafadnavis , the face of the bjps campaign.
;;0.0;;watch what else is in the newsthe ncp chief also slammed fadnavis for running an individual-centric election campaign.
;;-0.5267;;pawar also appeared to question the genuineness behind the shiv senas threat to pull out of the fadnavis government.
;;0.7269;;in fact, by suggesting that his party would continue to support the bjp if fadnavis waived off farm loans, he has already provided for an escape route.
;;0.4939;;to save his government, fadnavis would even take this bait, he said.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, gawli is also in touch with bjp leader ashish shelar and was expected to hold discussions with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis before making up her mind.
;;0.7717;;prime minister narendra modis smart city initiative has courted a fresh row in maharashtra with chief minister devendrafadnavis nominating senior government secretaries to head various city-level special purpose vehicles (spvs).
;;0.0;;requesting anonymity, a senior government official said that the latest decision came after questions were raised over a couple of proposals from a civic chief that were adopted by the spv he headed.
;;0.6067;;although the state procurement policy disallows awarding contracts beyond rs 3 lakh without tendering, the civic chief in question had allegedly proposed grant of discretionary powers to allot contracts and works up to rs 10 crore as the spv chairpersons.
;;0.5267;;an approval from a chief secretary-led high powered committee has also been mandatory for all public private partnership (ppp) projects under the mission that run over rs 50 crore.
;;0.0;;the cm had later pacified the ally by appointing civic chiefs as the spv heads and including city elected representatives as independent directors on these bodies.
;;-0.25;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills.
;;-0.25;;(file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills.
;;-0.1531;;(file photo)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality regarding additional construction rights for ongoing redevelopments of mumbais textile mills, questions have been raised over the fate of two proposals cleared under the directive.
;;0.296;;on april 23 this year, just two days before the cm sanctioned mumbais new development plan, the states urban development department had proposed a major modification to the development control (dc) rules in the outgoing plan for mill land redevelopments.
;;0.5106;;earlier on november 11, 2016, the devendrafadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
;;0.1779;;apart from considering temporary solutions such as using quarries in panvel, nashik and pune, the bmc is also planning to approach chief minister devendrafadnavis against the shutting down of the kalyan units.
;;0.4588;;we are also planning to approach the cm with the request that the order be revoked in the larger interest of the citys infrastructure, said a senior official from the roads department.
;;-0.34;;meanwhile, yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray took to twitter and requested the chief minister to personally and urgently intervene into the issue of quarry work being halted in thane, which has adversely affected procurement of materials for road works and pre monsoon works by the bmc and road agencies.
;;0.2411;;it said chief minister devendrafadnavis should be congratulated for announcing a loan waiver without asking for a guarantee that farmers henceforth will not commit suicide.
;;0.3818;;at the end of a two-hour meeting, both sides decided that chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray should resolve the agenda of transparency categorically to facilitate further discussions related to seat-sharing formula and related aspects.
;;0.2023;;it has been decided that our agenda of transparent administration would be discussed at the level of our top leaders uddhav thackeray and devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.3182;;municipal commissioner ajoy mehta municipal commissioner ajoy mehtatargeting municipal commissioner ajoy mehta over the delay in repair of potholes, shiv sena corporators are planning to call for a no-confidence motion against the civic chief.
;;0.2023;;the chief engineer of the roads department, sanjay darades report, however, had no mention of potholes and only included details of the works for improvement of the several roads to be taken up in all three zones and also mentioned the status of the ongoing roads inquiry.
;;0.0;;leader of the house trushna vishwasrao took a jibe at the bjp and stated that the partys group leader manoj kotak should ask chief minister devendrafadnavis to remove mehta from the post of municipal commissioner.
;;-0.5106;;apart from delaying the pothole repairs, the commissioner has even failed to even adhere to the deadline given by the cm and he should, thus, be called back, she said.
;;-0.6597;;carrying on his tirade against the chief engineer of the roads department, mns corporator sandeep deshpande threatened to make all the engineers take the blame if the potholes are not repaired within the week.
;;0.0;;another senior civic official, however, said the sena was targeting the civic chief.
;;0.2023;;advertisingthe supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on the ground that he had not disclosed details of two criminal cases against him while filing his nomination in 2014, even as it sought to know why the allegations should not be proved in trial.
;;0.6124;;a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi, and comprising justices deepak gupta and aniruddha bose reserved the verdict with petitioner counsel senior advocate vivek tankha insisting that fadnavis was required under the law to disclose the details and senior advocate mukul rohatgi for the cm contesting the claim.
;;-0.5267;;tanka submitted that fadnavis had not disclosed details of two criminal cases.
;;-0.296;;b'maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadseeknath khadse, the revenue minister in the bjp-led government in maharashtra, has submitted his resignation to chief minister devendrafadnavis after allegations of impropriety surfaced against him in a land deal in pune.
;;-0.296;;the resignation came minutes after khadse met fadnavis at the latters residence.
;;0.0;;also read: how khadses family undervalued 3-acre plothe added that he requested the chief minister to investigate the issue.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had earlier met prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah in new delhi on thursday.
;;0.0;;speaking to mediapersons last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, my government is not against waiving loans.
;;-0.3182;;read | amit shah visits matoshree, meets uddhav thackeray for two-and-half hourschief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the meeting between shah and thackeray, where issues related to coalition conflict, both political and administrative, were discussed.
;;-0.5859;;the bjp corporators, including eknath pawar, former deputy mayor shailaja more, eknath dhake and shital shinde, submitted a memorandum to gadkari, complaining that barne had been attacking modi, chief minister devendrafadnavis , and others, and therefore, they were completely opposed to his candidature.
;;0.6705;;his candidature has been approved by our party chief.
;;-0.4588;;(file photo)even as chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday assured the state legislature that the government was exploring ways to waive farm loans, farmer suicide toll in marathwada crossed the 200-mark this year.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (right)with industrial minister subhash desai.
;;0.3818;;the deal, announced by cm devendrafadnavis , involved an investment of rs 50,000 crore and employment opportunities for 30,000 people.
;;-0.3818;;(express archive)elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in maharashtra, which have virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, will be held tomorrow.
;;0.0;;watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his votecollectively, 3.
;;0.5106;;stakes are high for fadnavis and thackeray, who have led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no holds barred campaign.
;;-0.5423;;alleging that chief minister devendrafadnavis was favouring builders, the sabha said, the cm had announced that accidents at construction sites will be registered only as accidents and no cases will be filed against builders.
;;0.1027;;the decision for to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendrafadnavis and it became one of the focal points of prime minister narendra modis visit to the uk in november 2015.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , sources said, has already issued standing orders to all district collectors to ensure that highest priority is accorded to making drinking water and fodder available.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , currently in the us, visited the virgin hyperloopone test site in nevada and met the companys ceo and board member, rob lloyd, a statement from the cmo said.
;;0.3818;;advertisingbold wagerafter the bombay high court upheld the constitutional validity of the maratha quota, the bjp is going all out to promote this as a major achievement of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.8625;;a senior party politician said that the key for fadnavis now, as he leads the party into the state polls, would be to make sure that this does not alienate the obc vote bank it has nurtured since 1970s.
;;0.0;;while patil has refuted the allegations, it was also pointed out that the cm is yet to defend his minister on the issue.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with all bjp ministers and select senior party functionaries, assessed the impact of the partys programme and projects in rural maharashtra.
;;-0.5719;;later, it was revealed that jhote had earlier written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on april 3, where he had claimed that a scam had taken place in the 1989s recruitment drive for candidates belonging to backward classes.
;;0.0;;chief ministers office had dismissed jhotes allegations, which he had levelled in the letter.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis approved the rules tuesday.
;;-0.3182;;in 2016, chief minister devendrafadnavis asked district authorities to submit a report identifying the hamlets that get isolated during monsoons and propose an action plan.
;;-0.3197;;(pti photo)political skirmishes ahead of the elections turned more intense on monday with the bjp approaching the bkc cyber police station alleging that a woman worker of the shiv sena made personal attacks on chief minister devendrafadnavis on a social networking site.
;;0.0;;the bjp alleged that a photograph of the cm at a function was posted by the woman on facebook in the early hours of monday, including a personal remark regarding fadnavis.
;;0.0289;;by doing so, the complaint adds, the sena has not only insulted the cm but the state of maharashtra too.
;;-0.47;;degrading, disrespecting women and defaming our cm is not acceptable to the bharatiya janata party, said dave.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at the birthplace of veer savarkar at bhagur in nashik on sunday.
;;0.0;;express chief minister devendrafadnavis at the birthplace of veer savarkar at bhagur in nashik on sunday.
;;0.5859;;i experienced amazing vibes, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis even visited a memorial built after savarkar at his birthplace.
;;0.9136;;ive assured goms (government of maharashtras) support to preserve the valuable asset of our freedom struggle, fadnavis later tweeted.
;;-0.5574;;fadnavis fired another salvo in this regard sunday.
;;0.128;;meanwhile, the congress on monday launched a campaign to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis ongoing yatra.
;;0.836;;(file photo)after leaving out land owned by the mumbai port trust (mbpt) from the citys development plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis has now sanctioned a proposal granting the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) the status of a special planning authority (spa) for five upcoming metro rail alignments and land required for building temporary and permanent metro casting yards.
;;0.0;;construction of commercial and office spaces and development of station areas would now be governed by the mmrda, which the cm himself heads.
;;0.5574;;fadnavis had set the ball rolling in this regard in december 2016 when he agreed to grant a similar tag for two ongoing metro rail routes  metro 2a (dahisar east to dn nagar), and metro 7 (andheri east to dahisar east).
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday appointed sampada mehta, a 2008-batch ias officer, as the new mumbai (island city) collector.
;;0.0;;on thursday, fadnavis also transferred kalyan dombivli civic chief e raveendran (2007 batch).
;;0.0;;d gangatharan (2013) has replaced deshmukh as the chief executive officer of dhule zilla parishad.
;;0.4902;;(file)union minister m venkaiah naidu on friday said the centre would extend all support to the tamil nadu government irrespective of who the chief minister is and it does not want to interfere in aiadmks internal affairs.
;;0.3612;;we want a stable government in tamil nadu and who should be there chief minister is an internal affair of aiadmk, he said responding to quries on the political developments in the southern state.
;;0.3182;;a probe, which began following a routine inquiry by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on how four retail liquor shops sprung up in his assembly constituency, has now revealed that between 2010 and 2016, several private dealers were issued fresh retail liquor permits in the guise of renewal of existing licences.
;;0.0;;while the fadnavis government has been in office since october 31, 2014, the congress-ncp regime was in power previously.
;;0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has emerged as the main political beneficiary of the bombay high court verdict upholding the reservation brought in by him for the maratha community in educations and jobs, even though the court downsised the quota from 16 per cent to 12 per cent for education and 13 percent for public jobs.
;;0.25;;the fact that maratha leaders from the congress and ncp failed to get reservation for the community and it was a brahmin-led bjp government that finally managed to see it through, will play in favour of both fadnavis and the bjp as the state heads into polls later this year.
;;0.0;;the bjp rally was led by city bjp chief ashish shelar and covered the distance between chaityabhoomi in dadar to kamgar maidan at elphinstone, in central mumbai, where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took on the opposition leaders and asked,  what right do they have to talk of the constitution?
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm at the bjp organised tiranga rally in mumbai.
;;0.0;;(express photo by amit chakravarty) maharashtra cm at the bjp organised tiranga rally in mumbai.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state assembly on tuesday that no evidence has been found against bhide.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis outside the bjp office in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by pradip das) chief minister devendrafadnavis outside the bjp office in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.4767;;(source: express photo by pradip das)putting his personal stamp on the partys triumph across maharashtra thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis led the bjp as it stormed the shiv sena citadel of mumbai, made giant strides in elections to civic bodies across the state and marginalised the congress and ncp.
;;0.0;;chief minister fadnavis, who had made transparency in civic governance his partys main poll plank, said: mumbaikars have voted for prime minister narendra modis transparency agenda.
;;-0.1027;;fadnavis also did not give in to pressure for waiving farm loans, focusing instead on long-term agriculture reforms for sustainable livelihood and development in rural areas.
;;-0.25;;b'the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
;;-0.25;;(express photo) the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
;;-0.25;;the maharashtra state medical teachers association (msmta), headed by dr s g tambe, has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to cancel chandanwales transfer.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that such instances need to be immediately curbed and the guilty punished.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that such instances need to be immediately curbed and the guilty punished.
;;-0.6597;;addressing 18 complaints across the state during lokshahi din, chief minister devendrafadnavis gave an audience to complaints from ordinary citizens across the state.
;;0.0;;fadnavis directed an acb investigation.
;;-0.1779;;seeking to allay fears about a potential reduction in the obc quota for local bodies, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the state government is committed to the 27 per cent obc reservation.
;;0.0;;fadnavis dismissed these concerns as baseless and said no group would be stripped of its rightful share.
;;0.0;;b'nirupam said 18,591 cups of tea were served daily in the office of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;(representational photo) nirupam said 18,591 cups of tea were served daily in the office of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;what tea is the chief minister drinking?
;;0.0;;nirupam said 18,591 cups of tea were served daily in the office of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;what kind of tea is devendrafadnavis drinking?
;;0.0;;but fadnavis seems to be drinking some kind of golden tea.
;;-0.2023;;fadnavis seems to have taken this a bit too far since the chai he is drinking cannot be sold at a regular tea stall, he said.
;;-0.296;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the maharashtra state cooperative sugar factories federation has urged the cm to intervene and stop the ongoing action against sugar mills by the state sugar commissioner.
;;0.875;;the party is the final authority to take a call and today we have decided that to win an election, under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , we should come up with a good number (of seats).
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis had, on march 30, announced in the legislative assembly that from may onwards, dry and wet garbage will be segregated and scientifically disposed of in the state.
;;-0.4215;;according to deputy civic chief, dr. sambhaji panpatte, the work to segregate the waste began on may 1.
;;0.3818;;at the states annual kharif review meeting held on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture, water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture (and allied sector) growth from 12.
;;-0.7184;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis sparked off a row after he told the press that he was given an impression by those at the helm of the investigation (in the mumbai police) that peter had no role in the murder of his step-daughter.
;;-0.1027;;most of maharashtra leaders, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , former chief minister late vilasrao deshmukh and former president pratibha patil used to pay obeisance to him.
;;0.7906;;sources said that while chief minister devendrafadnavis has declined mhadas proposal for spa status for the redevelopment of bdd chawls, the urban development department, which he heads, favours providing operational freedom for metro construction.
;;0.0;;the cm has already designated these agencies as spa for car sheds and depots required for the metro work, but his government is wary of extending the spa status for constructions of office and commercial buildings and station areas inside metro rail campuses.
;;0.0772;;keen to avoid another altercation with the shiv sena, sources said that fadnavis might just opt for the railway land model, where construction for operational purposes along these metro lines are kept out of the ambit of the municipalitys development control regulation.
;;0.4404;;our larger objective is to bring the maximum number of farmers within the institutional credit bracket, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken in mumbai on wednesday at a meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis and singapores minister for industry and commerce, s iswaran.
;;0.4404;;in a humble gesture, a daily-wage labourer from maharashtras ahmednagar sent chief minister devendrafadnavis a gift of rs 101 on his 49th birthday on monday.
;;0.6369;;advertisingin a video shared by fadnavis on tuesday, a woman labourer, renuka sahil gondhali from chincholi village in ahmednagar narrated how the chief minister saved the life of her five-year-old nephew by sanctioning rs 1.
;;0.5106;;twitter.com/80232di4hx  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) july 22, 2019accompanying the money, was a handwritten letter in which she expressed gratitude to fadnavis for saving her nephews life.
;;0.4588;;trying her luck, gondhali sent an sos message to fadnavis, requesting financial aid for her ailing nephew.
;;-0.6597;;on receiving the text message, fadnavis wasted no time in sanctioning rs 1.
;;0.7783;;god bless you with long life and you should be given a chance to serve the nation, renukas letter stated, wishing fadnavis on his birthday.
;;0.0;;a day after the opposition targeted him for continuing with his political campaign amid a flood-like situation in several parts of the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has rescheduled his ongoing mahajanadesh yatra and returned to mumbai on tuesday evening.
;;-0.743;;on monday, a congress party delegation led by state units campaign committee chairman nana patole and mumbai congress president eknath gaikwad had targeted fadnavis for his absence from maharashtra, demanding action against him under provisions of the national disaster management act, 2005 for dereliction of duty, an allegation that the cmo had rubbished arguing that he had been continuously monitoring the situation.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said in his message: we have lost a great leader and reformer of the cooperative movement.
;;0.3612;;in the 2018-19 budget session held in the months of march and april, chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured the state legislature assembly that 72,000 vacant posts across administrative departments in the state would be filled up in two phases.
;;0.0;;accordingly, taking the first phase process forward, fadnavis on wednesday gave the sanction for filling up 36,000 vacant posts.
;;0.3818;;the cm has given clear directives to officials to accord highest priority to empower the agriculture and rural department by providing required manpower.
;;0.6486;;while stating the objective of taking up the mammoth exercise, fadnavis explained, through policies and reforms, we have clearly laid down the roadmap for sustainable agriculture to achieve a higher growth rate in agriculture sector.
;;-0.4019;;b'a day after the government-owned helicopter carrying chief minister devendrafadnavis and his team crashlanded in nilanga in latur district, a team of officials from the directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) collected evidence from the crash site.
;;-0.8316;;on thursday afternoon, the chopper, carrying two pilots and four officials, along with fadnavis, suffered damages after the crash.
;;0.0;;said the chief pilot in command, sanjay karve.
;;0.0;;the core committee led by chief minister devendrafadnavis will drive political strategies and plans for organisational expansion.
;;0.6486;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday launched the two-day mumbai fintech  2018 festival in presence of dignitaries from uk and singapore amongst others.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis offers water to anna hazare in ramlila maidan, new delhi, on thursday.
;;0.0;;(photo: ani) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis offers water to anna hazare in ramlila maidan, new delhi, on thursday.
;;-0.7351;;(photo: ani)a week after he went on an indefinite hunger strike demanding anti-graft regulations, social activist anna hazare on thursday broke his fast following negotiations with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of state for agriculture gajendra singh shekhawat in ramlila maidan in the national capital.
;;0.5267;;the approval was given during the mmrdas 140th authority meeting which was presided over by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is also the chairman of the mmrda.
;;-0.2023;;many unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, said cm fadnavismaharashtra police on tuesday submitted its report on controversial islamic preacher zakir naik to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the report points out many unlawful activities pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, according to fadnavis.
;;0.0;;many unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, said the chief minister.
;;0.0;;on february 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had met railways minister piyush goyal for the land transfer, when it was given a go ahead.
;;0.0;;while chief minister devendrafadnavis has sanctioned a revised plan for dharavi redevelopment in november last year, sources said that formalities for the appointment of the developer were yet to be completed.
;;0.6486;;incidentally, the drpa, and later, a chief secretary-led committee, had recommended that dubai-based infrastructure company seclink, which had emerged as the top bidder of the rs 26,000 crore project, should be awarded the contract.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday asked opposition parties to introspect, instead of taking to the streets against the use of electronic voting machines (evm) in elections.
;;0.5267;;fadnavis reminded the opposition that some of them have ruled the country and different states by winning elections through the same evms. the evms were not introduced recently.
;;-0.2617;;i am not alleging that modi was behind gujarat carnage, but he as the then chief minister of the state, had failed to protect the lives of muslims.
;;-0.2617;;i am not alleging that modi was behind gujarat carnage, but he as the then chief minister of the state, had failed to protect the lives of muslims.
;;0.1027;;manoj more: do you think modi as chief minister should have apologised to the muslim community ?
;;0.1027;;manoj more: do you think modi as chief minister should have apologised to the muslim community ?
;;0.6124;;aashay khandekar: you invited chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as ncp supremo sharad pawar on the dais.
;;0.6124;;aashay khandekar: you invited chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as ncp supremo sharad pawar on the dais.
;;0.25;;even though chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had appeared to be keen on keeping their 20-year-old alliance, the two-week-long negotiations came to a halt after sena offered only 60 seats to its ally in response to the bjps demand for 114 seats, which included the seats of 40 sitting sena corporators.
;;0.4019;;watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his vote* after the alliance ended, both parties started levelling allegations and counter-allegations.
;;0.4019;;while fadnavis called sena extortionist, sena termed bjp a party of goons.
;;-0.5106;;in another such instance, sena said prime minister narendra modis demonetisation decision had brought emergency-like situation in the country, and fadnavis countered that only those affected by demonetisation were criticising it.
;;0.4215;;at a rally on february 18, fadnavis promised that slum-dwellers would get 305 square feet houses, bigger than the current measurements of 269 sq ft under the slum rehabilitation authority (sra) scheme, if bjp was voted to power.
;;0.0772;;when asked about the delay in awarding the contract, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was not planning to scrap the tender, but we are working with advocate general about the impact of railways 45-acre plot which was recently included in the project.
;;0.4767;;in an interesting move, western railways roped in locals to inaugurate the fobs, which they did in presence of goyal, chief minister devendrafadnavis and mos for defence dr. subhash bhamre.
;;0.3818;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)chief minister devendrafadnavis in the second episode of mi mukhyamantri boltoy (i am chief minister speaking) disclosed the proposal of a five-river revival project to ensure perennial flow of water in the konkan region.
;;0.0;;cm directs bmc to fill potholes in 15 dayschief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday issued directions to civic agencies to fill potholes in the city over the next 15 days.
;;0.0;;a bjp delegation led by ashish shelar, bandra legislator and president of mumbai unit of bjp, met fadnavis regarding potholes on roads which are the responsibility of agencies such as the bmc, mmrda and pwd.
;;0.0;;the cm directed the chief secretary to ask all the agencies to fill potholes in 15 days, said shelar.
;;-0.7184;;the decision evoked sharp reaction from bjps alliance partner shiv sena, which pleaded with chief minister devendrafadnavis to reconsider the quantum of punishment and also the number of members suspended.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned the new 20-year development blueprint on tuesday.
;;-0.2732;;in a shift from prevalent regulations where permissible floor space index (fsi) levels in the island city were lower than those in the suburbs, fadnavis has lifted this curb, raising fsi levels in the island city up to 3, while that in the suburbs has been retained at 2.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, fadnavis also sanctioned a proposal to publish a list of modifications that the government wants to carry out in the new dp, most of which deal with increasing fsi and modification of public reservations.
;;0.743;;also, planning proposals on 960 hectares of such unutilised land, owned by the mumbai port trust (mbpt), were withdrawn on tuesday with the cm proposing to anoint the central agency as a special planning authority for its own land.
;;-0.6908;;an initial draft, released in february 2015, was scrapped by fadnavis in may that year, following a public outcry over the errors in the existing land use data and the high fsi levels proposed.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at metro line 07 to launch the first u grider on the andheri east to dahisar matro corridor at malad .
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at metro line 07 to launch the first u grider on the andheri east to dahisar matro corridor at malad .
;;0.5106;;marking speedy progress of the construction of metro 7, the first u girder for the line was launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the western express highway at malad on wednesday.
;;0.0;;during his early morning tour, the cm also visited the casting yard at bandra (west), the alignment of metro-2a corridor from d n nagar to dahisar (west) and also inspected the 16.
;;-0.4215;;khers party colleague and mla from indore sudarshan gupta however demanded the chief minister shivraj singh chouhan a complete ban on liquor in madhya pradesh.
;;0.0;;in mumbai, the hotel and restaurant association of western india (hrawi) has decided to take up the issue with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;finance minister sudhir mungantiwar (right) with chief minister devendrafadnavis after presenting the budget at vidhan bhawan in mumbai on wednesday.
;;-0.296;;despite the shiv senas fierce opposition to a metro car shed inside aarey milk colony, chief minister devendrafadnavis is in no mood to give in.
;;0.0;;fadnavis government will persist with its decision of deleting a no-development zone land in aarey to build a car shed for the colaba-bandra-seepz metro line.
;;0.0;;then, on thursday, yuva sena chief and shiv senas heir apparent aditya thackeray targeted the chief minister and the bjp over the issue.
;;0.4019;;last december, ahead of the crucial municipality polls in mumbai, where the two parties were pitted against one another, the fadnavis government had initiated the de-reservation process for a 33-hectare ndz land parcel inside aarey for the car depot.
;;0.3612;;sources said that fadnavis, who had projected measures for setting up a network of metro lines to ease traffic congestion in the metropolis as his major achievement during the civic poll campaign, has already firmed his opinion to build the car depot at aarey.
;;0.0;;but fadnavis has already ruled out the relocation of the depot.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.4019;;(source: file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , during his tour to canada and the us, dwelt at length on application of emerging advanced technology to bring greater precision in farming.
;;0.3612;;the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;-0.4588;;the ruling bjp on friday planned an agitation to counter the protest by the congress at phetri, a village adopted by chief minister devendrafadnavis , around 15 km from here.
;;-0.2263;;meghe said: they were staging protests despite the cm announcing a loan waiver.
;;0.2023;;another significant shift is the concept of inclusive politics and development pushed by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the state on the lines of the centres policy.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday lead the state by taking the decision to get rid of the red beacon atop his car to end the vvip culture in government.
;;0.7184;;fadnavis took it to twitter and said,  and to celebrate such epic step for strengthening our democracy, i have stopped the use of red beacon on my car.
;;0.0;;at the state level, chief minister had already taken several initiatives leading with his personal examples to end the vvip treatment.
;;-0.4019;;as a result, fadnavis often have to face the traffic problems and also held at at signals.
;;0.0624;;yet, chief minister has decided not to seek special travel privilege or vvip treatment.
;;0.0;;in another departure from the past, fadnavis has disallowed any additional expenditure on renovation of his own residential bungalow varsha or office at mantralaya.
;;0.0;;but cm gave strict instructions not to make unnecessary expenditure at varsha or office at mantralaya.
;;0.2732;;modi was accompanied by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , governor k vidyasagar rao, union roads and highways minister nitin gadkari, union law minister ravi shankar prasad, union power minister piyush goyal, union hrd minister prakash javadekar and state energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule among others.
;;-0.4767;;i will speak to chief minister devendrafadnavis if there are any genuine ambedkarites among those arrested, the minister said.
;;0.0;;b'karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah.
;;-0.4404;;(source: pti)days after karnataka minister r roshan baig sparked a row with his statement against chanting of the jai maharashtra slogan in the southern state, maharashtra revenue minister chandrakant patil on tuesday wrote to karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah, threatening legal action.
;;0.3818;;the matter was raised in the maharashtra legislative council on monday by shiv sena legislator dr neelam gorhe following which the state government assured to take it up with karnataka cm.
;;0.0258;;the leader of the upper house chandrakant patil said that he had discussed the matter with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6486;;(representational)to ensure higher remuneration to dairy farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday urged the centre to announce a minimum support price (msp) for them under the essential commodities act.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis raised the demand at the niti aayogs fourth governing council meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on sunday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also pitched for higher budget allocations to modernise 3,500 gramin haats (rural markets) across maharashtra.
;;0.4404;;the farmers deserve better remuneration, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7351;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday described rajashri chhatrapati shahu maharaj, who ruled the princely state of kolhapur (1874-1922), as a true visionary whose socio-economic reforms remain the guiding principles in the 21st century.
;;0.4023;;he never displayed any prejudice and worked for the well-being of people, said fadnavis.
;;0.0258;;it was backed with setting up markets, said the chief minister.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also visited the familys royal palace, laxmi vilas.
;;0.0;;in april, the state government had formed a sit after direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis , and the team was given the mandate to probe almost 50 cases registered across maharashtra, including 10 in pune.
;;0.0;;jadhav and nanded-based activist shobha waghmare had met chief minister fadnavis in march, and briefed him about these cases, after which the cm had ordered the formation of the sit.
;;0.0258;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday the maharashtra government will study the uttar pradesh model of farm loan waiver, amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the states distressed farmers.
;;-0.2263;;seizing on the uttar pradesh scheme of waiving farm loans of rs 36,359 crore announced by chief minister yogi adityanath on tuesday, shiv sena and bjp members demanded that the government in maharashtra too come out with a loan waiver.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, however, targeted the opposition for staying away from the house, saying they were roaming outside in name of sangharsh yatra.
;;0.4019;;the up chief minister did not wait for the central government help, he said.
;;-0.1779;;at the state level bankers committee (slbc) meeting on wednesday to announce the state annual plan for 2019-20, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed displeasure at the financial institutions failure to cross 54 per cent target in disbursement of crop credit to farmers in the state.
;;0.0;;therefore, banks should show more sensitivity towards the agriculture sector, said the chief minister.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6369;;technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis was addressing the bjp women conclave, where he spoke on issues related to women empowerment, his governments policy decisions and the challenges ahead.
;;-0.7003;;b'chief ministers should not be negotiating with those aggressively violating the laws of the land, and laws of simple decency.
;;-0.7003;;chief ministers should not be negotiating with those aggressively violating the laws of the land, and laws of simple decency.
;;-0.4767;;not small enough for chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis (of beef ban and shouting bharat mata ki jai and no water supply help to drought-hit latur for two years fame) to smoke a hostage pipe with the nationalist patriots (np).
;;0.4939;;enter fadnavis to save the day for the nps.
;;-0.7003;;chief ministers should not be negotiating with those aggressively violating the laws of the land, and laws of simple decency.
;;0.8126;;but maharashtra chief minister in waiting devendrafadnavis needed a special push, what with nitin gadkaris supporters having sparked the imagination of the media.
;;-0.3182;;finally, a desperate fadnavis grabbed the laddoo himself and crammed it into his mouth.
;;-0.3089;;we are willing to give a letter to the governor, saying the devendrafadnavis government will not have ncps support if shiv sena withdraws from it.
;;0.5499;;but uddhav thackeray should first give a letter to the governor withdrawing support to the fadnavis government and also make the letter public, pawar said at a press conference.
;;-0.4404;;pawar said chief minister devendrafadnavis poll campaign is centred around personal attacks on uddhav, the shiv sena had to retaliate.
;;-0.128;;i dont think fadnavis will have a problem in announcing sops for farmers to keep his government stable, the ncp chief said.
;;-0.7506;;on thursday, when chief minister devendrafadnavis arrived in town to launch the partys poll campaign, durge sat on a hunger strike in protest against ticket being denied to him in sambhajinagar area.
;;0.3291;;after breaking the fast at 4 pm, durge even went to cms rally in chinchwad but preferred to sit among the audience even as other leaders graced the stage alongside fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;she probably put the condition that she will announce her support in front of the cm, which she did on thursday.
;;0.0;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the sp has sought his intervention in allotting a state government-owned bungalow suitable for the mayors stature.
;;0.0;;seeking fadnavis intervention, shaikh said the chief minister should figure out a suitable bungalow available with the state government and issue appropriate directions to the authorities.
;;0.296;;following aaps allegations, shelar also wrote a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis expressing his willingness to face any probe in the matter through the enforcement directorate.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis with union defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.1027;;(prashant nadkar) chief minister devendrafadnavis with union defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.1027;;the policy initiative under the banner of make in maharashtra was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the presence of union defence minister manohar parrikar on saturday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has taken the lead which is highly appreciable.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.7783;;however, looking at the work undertaken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and his commitment in fulfilling promises, i believe that joining the bjp will ensure the development of my constituency, vaibhav said.
;;0.0;;on july 31, as chief minister devendrafadnavis was inducting four opposition mlas into the bjp, girish mahajan, a close aide of the cm, was seen rushing out of garware hall.
;;0.9118;;fadnavis is hoping to reap electoral benefits after successfully clearing the legal hurdles to the award of reservation to the maratha community in the state.
;;-0.8236;;ncp leader sharad pawar has alleged that bjps harassment is behind the defections, and said leaders were being threatened with legal action and probes if they did not defect, an accusation hotly denied by fadnavis.
;;0.0;;though none of the mlas from pune city and pimpri-chinchwad is likely to be inducted in chief minister devendrafadnavis cabinet, an mla from pune district has apparently received a call to remain present during the oath-taking ceremony on sunday.
;;-0.2263;;the cm cleared the air on the much-anticipated cabinet expansion amidst rumours that the bjps alliance partner shiv sena was miffed over the delay in the process.
;;0.0;;i got a call from the chief ministers office i have been asked to meet the cm at 9 pm at his office today (saturday), bhegade (43) told the sunday express as he left for mumbai from his home in talegaon.
;;0.0;;bhegade is bjps pune district chief.
;;0.3612;;bhosari mla mahesh landge claimed that fadnavis promised him a ministerial berth when he visited chakan earlier this month.
;;0.0;;i met sena chief uddhav thackeray and discussed cabinet expansion at length, fadnavis tweeted after his meeting.
;;0.4767;;sena sources said the cm offered deputy chief ministers post to the party, which they have refused to accept.
;;0.4404;;this is imperative as the state is already wrestling with a string of issues, including water and agricultureit would have been better had the centre named punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh as the chairman of the committee instead of instead of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , he added.
;;0.1027;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) on saturday demanded that the devendrafadnavis government should announce a loan waiver for farmers in the state on lines of the promise given by bjp in the poll bound uttar pradesh and punjab.
;;0.5574;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , mpcc spokesman sachin sawant said it was surprising to note that bjp has assured loan waiver for farmers in uttar pradesh and punjab if voted to power.
;;0.0;;there were rumours in the city that chief minister devendrafadnavis had promisedsupport to the school run by the dardas.
;;0.6808;;bjp mla madan yerawar, however, called up the cm who promised the agitated crowd on the speaker phone that he would do everything to help the parents get justice.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to attend the flag hoisting ceremony on may 1, the foundation day of maharashtra state, the officer, who recently visited kolhapur to see the preparation work, said.
;;0.0;;hitting out at chief minister devendrafadnavis , shetti said, we have come walking all the way from pune.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has been continuously following up the issue of farmers with the centre.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the delegation will now meet fadnavis on friday.
;;-0.296;;a day after bjp and ncp workers raised slogans against each other at the chief ministers mahajanadesh yatra in baramati, devendrafadnavis on sunday took a dig at the ncp, saying the party was bullying others by not allowing their rallies in sharad pawars hometown.
;;0.128;;the cm on sunday said, does that (sloganeering by ncp workers) mean no leader of any other political party should hold rallies in baramati.
;;0.296;;the yatra began once again on sunday from the city and headed towards satara, where the cm is going to hold a rally with udayanraje bhosale, descendant of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj who recently quit the ncp to join bjp.
;;0.4939;;a day after sharad pawar accused the bharatiya janata party (bjp) of misusing investigation agencies to coerce opposition leaders to jump ship, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said the ncp chief should be the one to introspect why leaders were deserting his party.
;;0.765;;the spat between pawar and fadnavis comes in the wake of several senior ncp leaders, including former state party unit head madhukar pichad, mumbai unit chief sachin ahir, womens wing chief chitra wagh, and others quitting the party in last few days to join either bjp or shiv sena.
;;0.2023;;earlier in the day, pawar accused fadnavis and other maharashtra bjp leaders of committing themselves to poaching leaders from other parties before the elections in the state.
;;0.0;;fadnavis countered pawars claims by saying that the maharashtra bjp and state banks had helped many ncp leaders in the past.
;;0.6908;;on the other hand, we have a chief minister who is saying something like that, she added.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the water resources ministry to work towards completion of the irrigation projects where 75 per cent work is already done to enhance the irrigation potential in the drought-hit districts.
;;0.3182;;(express photo: amrut naik)the optimism expressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis and forest minister sudhir mungantiwar that missing tiger jai will be spotted soon may turn out to a reality with a team of independent volunteers from umred spotting concrete signs of presence of a large male tiger along with a female just about 20 km from umred-karhandla wildlife sanctuary on friday.
;;0.7783;;addressing the counsel generals and representatives of various foreign embassies in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis said maharashtras second capital, nagpur, has immense potential to attract foreign direct investment (fdi) because of its geographical advantage coupled with availability of water and free land.
;;0.7506;;fadnavis also explained to the foreign dignitaries about his ambitious multi-modal international cargo hub and airport at nagpur (mihan) project and that the city has been shortlisted by the union government as part of the smart cities project.
;;0.4767;;the report on the draft development plan (dp) 2014-2034 submitted by the planning committee has become the latest bone of contention between the bjp and the shiv sena, with the latter opposing a metro rail carshed in aarey colony, part of chief minister devendrafadnavis ambitious thrust for metro line.
;;0.296;;in a bid to provide relief to drought hit regions of maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis has declared additional funds to provide water tankers, solve electricity problems and provide education to children in rural areas.
;;0.0;;fadnavis made the declaration after assessing the detailed reports filed by ministers touring the drought regions of the state yesterday.
;;0.1169;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said a probe would be ordered into the allegations that rural development department had issued work orders worth rs 255 crore without following proper tendering process during 2016-17.
;;0.1027;;when the chief minister was asked about it during the interactive session in suburban mumbai, fadnavis admitted that it was an irregularity.
;;0.0788;;(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday warned that the administration will not tolerate attacks on police.
;;0.0;;at that time, chief minister devendrafadnavis had filled in for her.
;;0.0;;sensing shortcomings in the sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis has undertaken a course correction.
;;0.0;;at the make in india week in february (13-18), fadnavis managed to get mous with private players in the food processing sectors.
;;0.7096;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has already offered support for the festival in mumbai.
;;0.7003;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said instructions had been issued to the prisons department to ensure proper medical care is extended to bhujbal.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis monday said the ahmednagar rape-murder case involving a minor girl would be heard in a fast-track court.
;;0.2263;;watch video: whats making newsgiving his consent for the debate, fadnavis made a detailed statement in both the legislative assembly and the legislative council on the ongoing investigation.
;;-0.0258;;follow live updates on the maharashtra farmers protestas the shiv sena, congress, mns, and others extended support to the protesting farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis invited a delegation of farmer leaders for talks on monday afternoon.
;;0.128;;a day after workers of the bjp and the ncp engaged in sloganeering against each during the mahajanadesh yatra in baramati, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the ncp was bullying other parties by not allowing their rallies in sharad pawars hometown.
;;0.4019;;stating that he would help ncp workers hold a rally in his home town, fadnavis added: this is democracy.
;;-0.6369;;advertisingthe baramati town had witnessed tense moments during the roadshow of fadnavis, when he had criticised the ncp.
;;0.34;;ncp supporters had protested the comments and raised slogans during the mahajanadesh yatra of chief minister, who is on a statewide road show before the assembly polls.
;;0.4215;;during campaigning, the bjp was led by none other than the chief minister devendrafadnavis and other popular leaders such as raosaheb danve and pankaja munde.
;;-0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis issued a statement to condemn pawars speech.
;;-0.1027;;(source: express photo by narendra vaskar)professional rivalrythe rapprochement between the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the shiv sena has thrown up a never-before scenario in maharashtra politics  an elected legislator and the contestant she defeated have both got berths in chief minister devendrafadnavis team.
;;0.3818;;bjps vidya thakur, who created an upset of sorts by unseating shiv senas subhash desai from the goregaon assembly constituency, was rewarded with a minister-of-state (mos) berth when the fadnavis government took over on october 31.
;;0.0772;;however, following a recent meeting of the authority held by the cm, the first in ten years, real estate sources testify that it is the sra that takes the cake on the graft index.
;;0.5719;;bjp president amit shah congratulated maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state unit chief raosaheb patil danve for the unprecedented success.
;;0.3612;;its a defeat for the critics of demonetisation and an evidence of peoples endorsement for the governments policies, he said while crediting fadnavis and danve for the win.
;;0.0;;on thursday, kem hospital invited the associate vice-president of axis bank and wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , amruta fadnavis, to mark the ent departments completion of 300 cochlear implants.
;;0.2023;;to solve this issue, a joint meeting of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister for railways piyush goyal took place in december 2018.
;;-0.4141;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while speaking to the indian express, said, i will define it (nagpur-mumbai samruddhi expressway) as a highway to prosperity and a major game changer, as it will transform the entire corridor comprising 24 townships (nodes) beyond vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis pushed the centre to grant rs 9,500 crore for completion of irrigation projects in the 14 drought-affected districts of vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.296;;the shiv sena and the bjp will equally share seats as part of a pre-poll alliance for the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in nagpur on saturday.
;;-0.128;;in the recent past, the demand for a separate vidarbha was raised, notably by the former advocate general shrihari aney, who is supposed to be close to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.0772;;the precondition, imposed by the general administration department headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , comes four months after an incident involving pulling down of a statue of marathi poet and playwright ram ganesh gadkari at punes shambhaji udyan.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has decentralised powers to approve installation of statues at the collector level.
;;0.4215;;(express photo by prashant nadkar)police constable lalita salve of beed district, whose application for a gender reassignment surgery received the nod from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this year, will be in mumbai on tuesday to admit herself to the state-run jj hospital.
;;0.1027;;in march this year, fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio, had cleared the file permitting salve to undergo a gender reassignment surgery.
;;0.4588;;salve said she was grateful to the cm, the dgp, her sp and the staff at the majalgaon police station, where she is posted.
;;-0.2023;;he has demanded intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the matter.
;;0.0;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said transparent administration in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) will be the base for alliance with shiv sena for the next months civic election.
;;0.0;;our alliance was for a larger goal and hindutva is one of them, said the chief minister.
;;0.0;;fadnavis downplayed the constant friction between the two allies.
;;-0.5994;;(pti photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has condoled the death of three soldiers from the state in avalanches in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the bjp will fulfil mahatma gandhis dream of discontinuing with the congress party after independence and usher in a congress mukt maharashtra after the state polls.
;;0.0;;on friday, the cm travelled to wardha, selu, keljhar, buti bori, hinganghat samudranagar, katol and saoner talukas in vidarbha.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also spoke on how jalyukta shivar has helped farmers to sow at least one decent crop.
;;0.6249;;advertisingat keljhar in wardha, fadnavis adopted village, he told villagers: i will ensure that every project promised to the people here is implemented.
;;0.0;;while concluding day 2 of the yatra at saoner in nagpur district, fadnavis said: i am mukhya sevak (chief servant) and not mukhya-mantri (chief minister) in the last five years, while working for you we did not think of ourselves or our families.
;;0.0;;in maharashtra, only two chief ministers have completed their five-year tenure.
;;0.0;;the other is standing before you devendra fadnavis.
;;0.2023;;top government sources confirmed that chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development (ud) department has proposed setting aside the condition that a star category residential hotel must have come up on a plot of over 2,500 square metre or more to avail of the sop.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, when contacted, said, i dont have information in this regard.
;;-0.7184;;incidentally, documents reveal that on january 25, 2016, bjp mla from vile parle parag alavani had written a letter to the cm, demanding that the minimum plot area condition be waived.
;;-0.4588;;contrary to this, chief minister devendrafadnavis is criss-crossing entire state campaigning for elections to 10 municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads, he said, adding sena seems to have already conceded its defeat in bmc polls.
;;0.5574;;even before the hearing began, the wrestling body chief, brij bhushan sharan singh, a bjp mp, was collecting evidence and throwing his weight behind the wrestler, who had just tested positive.
;;-0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis all along supported the mumbai-based wrestler and tweeted this after the nada ruling: we always knew that #narsinghyadav was being victimised.
;;-0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said the government was trying to strike a balance to work out a model to bring 31 lakh farmers within the institutional crop loan bracket.
;;0.4215;;today, the agriculture sector can accommodate only 25 to 30 per cent of the people, which means the government will have to provide for the gap through new avenues of job generation and scientific farming, including intense crop pattern and assured water and power in rural areas of the state, said the cm.
;;0.0;;this comes after a meeting of the union leaders with chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the shiv sena on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to apologise to farmers in the state, claiming he had deceived them with fake promises of loan waiver during the 2014 assembly polls.
;;0.7005;;the sena also expressed surprise over fadnavis asking the opposition members in the assembly to give a guarantee that farmers wont commit suicide if the government waived off their loans.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday chaired a meeting to review implementation of the new port policy.
;;0.0;;there was a presentation on expansion plan of jsw jaigarh port, karanja terminal, yogayatan port and katale shipyard, ro-ro services, a statement from chief ministers office (cmo) said.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, the cm also chaired a meeting to review preparation for the celebration of 126th birth anniversary of dr babasaheb ambedkar at chaityabhoomi in mumbai.
;;0.2263;;during the meeting, fadnavis gave instructions to provide necessary facilities to citizens who visit chaityabhoomi in huge numbers to pay tributes to dr ambedkar, the statement added.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0258;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch a shivar samwad sabha today to reach out to farmers in the state and address their issues.
;;0.0;;on day one, fadnavis will meet farmers in latur district of marathwada region, while bjps state unit president raosaheb patil will interact with the cultivators in nandurbar district in north maharashtra.
;;0.6808;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
;;0.6808;;express photo/narendra vaskar chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday held a meeting to review all safety measures planned for the mumbai-pune expressway and to come up with ways to boost safety on the road, following a major mishap on sunday that claimed 17 lives and left 43 injured.
;;0.0;;besides, fadnavis also instructed officials from the traffic police and highway police to figure out their man management in such a way that there was sufficient staff to monitor the mumbai-pune expressway all 365 days of the year.
;;0.1027;;fadnavis also directed the opening of the first trauma care centre on the expressway at ozharde near the talegaon toll at the earliest.
;;0.0;;the general administration department, led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had issued a government resolution spelling out names of national leaders and icons whose photographs can be displayed in government offices.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , inaugurating the book village on thursday, said that the state now aims to get unescos book capital of the country or state title for the village.
;;-0.0516;;however, in the presence of the cm, we also want to demand that the state government must set up a strawberry research centre in our village.
;;0.0;;the association has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , highlighting the issue.
;;0.0;;a senior official from chief minister devendrafadnavis mmrda said that currently 12 metro corridors are planned in the city and its suburbs.
;;0.4215;;advertisingon monday, fadnavis chaired a meeting where he approved the rs 3,500-crore mmi project for all proposed metro stations.
;;0.4215;;fadnavis also approved the appointment of indian port rail and ropeway corporation ltd (iprcl) to prepare a detailed project report for ropeway projects between malad and marve and gorai and borivali, both 4.
;;0.4215;;the cm also approved mmrda financing the konkan irrigation development corporation (kidc) for construction of kavdas dam.
;;0.5574;;indians first smart industrial city with the concept of walk to work is expected to bring investments worth rs 70,000 crore and jobs to three lakh people, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the bhumi pujan of auric was performed late on saturday night and was attended by the cm.
;;0.6808;;the completion of the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor and jalna dry port, will also play a significant role in boosting the economic development of auric, the cm added.
;;0.5267;;since then the union ministry of social justice and empowerment, under thawar chand gehlot, wrote at least half a dozen letters to maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and his predecessor prithviraj chavan, without any response, the foundation claimed.
;;0.0;;fadnavis forwarded these letters to states higher education department.
;;0.0258;;today, i spoke to cm devendrafadnavis and he told me that he will decide the matter within a week.
;;0.2023;;(express archive)skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors, including agriculture and industries, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday interacting with iti students.
;;0.2023;;according to fadnavis, skill development is going to be a game changer and provide level playing field to students.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said, the government is committed to providing home to every adivasi family.
;;-0.6486;;intervening, chief minister devendrafadnavis said it would be unfair to stop the oath-taking ceremony following which sena members started sloganeering.
;;0.2732;;on monday, 178 members including chief minister and his cabinet colleagues, former chief minister and former ministers, former speaker and deputy speaker as well as women members took oath.
;;0.0;;sule said the burnt onions will be presented to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday asserted that there cannot be any compromise on discipline and insubordination in the police force in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;late into the night, city bjp mp anil shirole said chief minister devendrafadnavis has sought a report on the incident.
;;0.0;;sharmila yevale, an interpreter, said a delegation had met chief minister devendrafadnavis a few months ago.
;;-0.4404;;after the recent building collapse in dongri that claimed 13 lives, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced redevelopment of 14,207 cessed buildings under the maharashtra housing and area development authority.
;;0.2263;;in an interview with the indian express, mhada chief officer dinkar jagdale explains the challenges it faces to redevelop these buildings, reasons for delay and how it keeps people in these buildings safe.
;;0.4588;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will lead a team of 10,000 party workers, including ministers and elected members, in the partys expansion drive where it is mandatory to visit villages for 14 days at a stretch.
;;0.0;;danve said: from the cm to the elected members and workers, all will visit villages for 14 days as part of the partys expansion and communication drive.
;;0.4019;;although the central bjp has allowed the chief ministers and other ministers to take a days break to enable them to return to the party headquarters for administrative work or cabinet meetings, insiders indicated that fadnavis was unlikely to avail the concession.
;;-0.296;;with patel emerging as a rallying point for modi critics in gujarat, the shiv sena chief is willing to shift from the partys stated position against caste-based reservation.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had earlier countered a similar barb from shiv senas sanjay raut monday.
;;0.4019;;the mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
;;0.0258;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)although elections in maharashtra are two-and-a-half years away, mainstream political parties, including the ruling bjp and shiv sena, and opposition congress and ncp have taken the battle to the rural electorate to consolidate their electoral base.
;;0.5106;;haryanaadvertisingunfurling the tricolour in sonipat, chief minister manohar lal khattar appreciated the centres decisions on jammu of kashmir.
;;0.0;;andhra pradeshin his independence day speech at vijayawada, chief minister y s jagan mohan reddy emphasised that his government was corruption-free and transparent, and that he gave equal priority to peoples welfare and development.
;;0.5719;;the cm highlighted the success of his government in various fields.
;;0.5719;;maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of flood-affected people is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, adding that efforts will be made to make the state drought-free by diverting rain water from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
;;0.3818;;uttar pradeshclaiming that in two years up has established new heights of development, chief minister yogi adityanath expressed the states commitment to achieve the target of $1-trillion economy.
;;0.3612;;goaleaders like sp mookerjee and ab vajpayee strived for years for a single identity, what they called bhartitiva, which was finally achieved under the leadership of pm narendra modi, chief minister pramod sawant said in his independence speech.
;;0.0;;following this, chief minister devendrafadnavis had asked the dgps office to probe the allegations made by mujawar.
;;-0.9337;;mujawar had asserted that dange and kalsangra were killed between 1 am and 4 am on november 27, 2008 night after terrorists killed three police officers, including the then ats chief hemant karkare.
;;0.0;;former deputy chief minister ajit pawar targeted chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a statewide tour, saying it wasnt right for the cm to hold a political tour when parts of the state were submerged.
;;0.4019;;when large areas of the state are flooded, the cm is interested in holding an election yatra.
;;0.2732;;on the eve of the launch of his mass outreach programme aimed at building momentum ahead of the assembly elections, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday reiterated the bjp and the shiv sena would contest together unlike 2014.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is embarking on a month-long mahajanadesh yatra beginning from amravati district in east maharashtra on thursday.
;;0.0;;referring to the maharashtra cabinet expansion, which according to chief minister devendrafadnavis would happen before he leaves for his russia tour early next week, the sena chief said, i and the cm have only had superficial discussions.
;;-0.34;;baramati witnessed some tense moments on saturday morning when workers of the bjp and ncp raised slogans against each other while chief minister devendrafadnavis was addressing a public meeting here, as part of his mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.34;;advertisingthe yatra, a state-wide road show by the cm to highlight the achievements of his government before the state goes to polls, entered pune district on saturday.
;;0.4019;;while addressing a large crowd on the roads of baramati, the bastion of ncp chief sharad pawar, fadnavis took on the party leadership.
;;-0.2732;;trees were cut for chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra at sinhagad road, she alleged.
;;-0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said: the government was committed to bring a legislation to make non-enforcement of msp a criminal offence.
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis moved a resolution in the assembly to laud the indian air force for its bravery.
;;0.1027;;chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra on friday reached nanded in marathwada, the home turf of congress leader and former cm ashok chavan.
;;0.0;;when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis was dismissive of kadams allegation.
;;0.0;;fadnavis rubbished this claim.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis had on tuesday held discussions with a delegation of farmers from ahmednagar who had raised a strike call in opposition to the governments policies.
;;-0.2263;;apart from conducting a rally, the watchdog foundation has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and municipal commissioner ajoy mehta, demanding durable roads.
;;-0.6705;;we have written to the cm and the civic chief, asking for potholes on andheri-kurla road to be repaired and the illegal parking be stopped.
;;0.296;;advertisingaround 50 nmmc corporators are expected to join the bjp along with naik in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp president chandrakant patil.
;;0.5647;;(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
;;-0.5994;;in some places, agitating farmers on thursday sought to stop supplies of vegetables, milk, etc, to the cities, with fadnavis suggesting the involvement of political workers in the matter.
;;-0.4588;;after a series of protests in maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of rs 5 per litre for dairy farmers.
;;0.6597;;union defence minister, union defence minister, manohar parrikar , maharashtra chief minister, devendrafadnavis , chief of naval staff, admiral rk dhowan, vice admiral, surinder pal singh cheema and rk shrawat, chairman & managing director of mazagon dock ltd. during the floating out of the first project 75 (scorpene) submarine on pontoon at mazagon dock in mumbai.
;;0.8658;;while rao enjoyed excellent relationship with chief minister devendrafadnavis , even leaders from opposition parties found him approachable.
;;0.0;;mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.6486;;(source: pti)addressing a bjp booth workers rally in thane, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday evoked warrior king chhatrapati shivaji and used references from hindu epics to enthuse his party workers and curb discontent over the induction of outsiders.
;;0.0;;watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his votethe cms rally at thane marked the end of campaigning for polls to 10 municipal corporation and 10 zilla parishads on february 21.
;;0.5719;;fadnavis chose thane to conclude his poll campaign as it happens to be site of the senas first electoral success four decades ago under late bal thackeray.
;;0.4019;;the cm also used references from the ramayana to justify the induction of outsiders, which has riled party workers.
;;-0.5574;;advertisingaccording to sources, the mumbai south central mp had complained to chief minister devendrafadnavis and officials of the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) about his name being missing from the list of invitees.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.1779;;after the passage of the bill in the lower house, chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked everyone for their cooperation.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.7258;;(file)the government will not hesitate to take action against those found guilty in koregaon-bhima violence, said chief minister devendrafadnavis during the meeting with bharip bahujan mahasangh president prakash ambedkar.
;;-0.8481;;ambedkar-led delegation met fadnavis at the vidhan bhawan along with a series of issues, including action against hindutva leader sambhaji bhide for his alleged role in violence in punes koregaon-bhima violence on january 1.
;;0.0;;in that post, they had even targeted chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;there are four aspects related to ambedkars agriculture reforms which chief minister devendrafadnavis has incorporated in the state policy for 2016-2019.
;;0.1779;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will request prime minister narendra modi to extend a separate package of rs 8,000 crore for the gosikhurd national irrigation project in vidarbha region.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has set three years timeline for the project if funds are provided.
;;0.0;;according to sources, fadnavis has decided to seek modis personal intervention in completion of the gosikhurd national irrigation project, languishing for over three decades.
;;0.0;;advertisingon thursday, telangana chief minister k chandrashekar rao invited maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as the chief guest for the inauguration.
;;0.0;;during a roadshow in ncp chief sharad pawars home turf on saturday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that baramati was all set for parivartan.
;;-0.34;;the rally witnessed some tense moments when workers of the bjp and ncp raised slogans against each other when fadnavis was addressing the meeting as part of his mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.34;;the yatra, a statewide roadshow by the cm to highlight the achievements of his government before the state goes to polls, entered pune district on saturday.
;;0.4404;;the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
;;0.4404;;(express file photo) the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
;;0.4404;;the bjp government in the state has been promoting the project as chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship initiative.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis and devendrafadnavis devendrafadnavis and kristalina georgievachief minister devendrafadnavis met world bank ceo devendrafadnavis at washington dc.
;;0.2023;;during my meeting with wb ceo devendrafadnavis , we discussed rural transformation for sustainable livelihood in 10,000 villages and a multimodal transport corridor in mumbai metropolitan region.
;;0.0;;later, fadnavis held a series of meetings and interactions.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also met david sutton of lockheed martin and invited him to nagpur.
;;0.4215;;asked if he would mediate between the two parties ahead of the polls next year, gadkari said chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp chief raosaheb danve would handle matters related to the state.
;;-0.2411;;mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar said, we placed our proposals, which were not acceptable to both sides.
;;0.0;;now, any decision would be at the level of the big two  fadnavis and thackeray.
;;0.1779;;though fadnavis and thackeray have remained silent on the developments, the parties have gone ahead with preparations to go it alone.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7096;;the state government will make a strong push to promote awareness on cadaver donation through a walkathon on august 30, to be held in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and governor ch vidyasagar rao.
;;-0.6997;;the thought of 55 per cent households living in rural areas with no access to toilets was very disturbing, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said while maintaining that all resources and manpower were pooled to build the toilets.
;;0.0;;talking about transformation of bhiwandi, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said a rs 1,000 crore multi-pronged development model would give the township a new identity.
;;0.0258;;in last week of june, a delegation of marathi writers, including veteran writer madhu mangesh karnik, author and former president of all india marathi literature meet laxmikant deshmukh, had met chief minister devendrafadnavis to press for their demands in the matter.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis had promised to look into their demands.
;;-0.6705;;watch video | following bmc polls failure sanjay nirupam offers resignation as mumbai congress chiefthe former is home to the rss headquarters and two bjp veterans chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari.
;;-0.6707;;one, the people of mumbai were tired of the senas childish politics; two, the city has witnessed a huge influx of north indians which are not sympathetic to sena and the last is chief ministers devendrafadnavis own image.
;;0.0;;what was the bjp in maharashtra, in particular chief minister devendrafadnavis , doing for the past two years?
;;0.0;;what could have fadnavis done?
;;-0.0772;;recommended policy # 3: fadnavis could help the poor citizens of his state, and improve governance if he removed the ban on the slaughter of old cows (above 16 years of age).
;;0.4215;;the developments come in the wake of chief minister devendrafadnavis requesting the centre to fast-track mega-mumbai projects conceived and approved in the last 20 months.
;;0.0;;during his delhi visit, fadnavis held a meeting with the railway minister to pursue the elevated railway and road corridor, estimated to cost rs 20,000 crore.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis had indicated that the governments foremost concern is to provide an effective mode of transport to mumbaikars and those living in extended suburbs.
;;0.34;;giving into the resistance from two-wheeler riders and petrol pump owners, the government decided to assess the feasibility of its implementation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said recently.
;;-0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis: if someone else is trying to agitate in the name of farmers, the government will not talk to these people.
;;-0.4019;;(file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis: if someone else is trying to agitate in the name of farmers, the government will not talk to these people.
;;-0.4215;;(file photo)hardening his stand, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the government will talk only to the protesting farmers and not others.
;;-0.25;;farmers agitation today continued in some parts of the state, despite the cm announcing a loan waiver for marginal farmers two days ago.
;;0.0;;last year in may, the garden was inaugurated by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0772;;he lamented that chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar justified the tweets.
;;-0.34;;fadnavis and mungantiwar on tuesday dismissed the budget leak charge, saying the provisions were put out on twitter 15 minutes after the finance minister began his budget speech in the assembly.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will soon address the top police brass, said mathur.
;;0.3818;;shelar also went on to add that bjps lord krishna, a reference to chief minister devendrafadnavis , would ensure that this demon would be bottled during the ensuing mumbai civic polls.
;;0.2732;;emerging from a three-hour meeting with representatives of the all india kisan sabha (aiks) at vidhan bhawan  radhakrishna vikhe-patil of the congress and ncps dhananjay munde and ajit pawar were also present at the meeting  chief minister devendrafadnavis said: the government has agreed to enforce all demands made by the aiks.
;;0.4019;;(express photo by prashant nadkar)earlier in the day, fadnavis, who was under intense pressure to concede the demands of farmers, had said his government was sensitive and positive towards their issues.
;;0.4019;;the bill, an initiative of chief minister devendrafadnavis , makes maharashtra a leader among the states in the country to adopt a comprehensive law to root out oppression carried out in the name of age old traditions, caste and religion.
;;0.3612;;the union minister has directed officials to grant working permissions for public infrastructure and utility projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted later in the day.
;;-0.1531;;(file photo)cracking the whip on the lackadaisical approach of various departments in tackling malnutrition, chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday directed the department heads to frame a comprehensive nutrition policy and submit a report in 15 days.
;;0.0;;fadnavis wondered why vacant posts in health department remained unfilled, sources said.
;;0.0;;on ncp chief sharad pawars claim that karnataka was asked to discharge water from almatti dam only after he spoke to prime minister narendra modi, resulting in water levels going down in flooded western maharashtra, mahajan said: chief minister devendrafadnavis has been in constant touch with his counterpart in karnataka, b s yediyurappa, to discuss water discharge from almatti dam.
;;-0.3182;;fadnavis was communicating directly with the pm, home minister amit shah and the karnataka cm if pawar wants to take the credit for things which he has not done, we have no problems.
;;0.0;;the sena chief was referring to a joint press conference held in february after the sena and bjp forged an alliance for the lok sabha polls.
;;0.6705;;in the press conference, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the two parties would contest an equal number of seats and leave the remaining for other parties in the alliance.
;;0.5267;;union textiles minister smriti irani handed over the land transfer documents to chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale at the vidhan bhavan here saturday.
;;-0.296;;raj thackeray (file photo) raj thackeray (file photo)kicking off his partys campaign barely a week before february 21 civic elections, mns chief raj thackeray on accused his estranged cousin uddhav of wanting to usurp mumbai mayors official residence in the guise of a memorial for the late bal thackeray.
;;0.3612;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised rs 6,500 crore to kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has dropped a multi-crore welfare scheme to offer mediclaim and personal accident insurance to construction workers after the state bureaucracy flagged off irregularities in the appointment of a consultant and a contractor for the scheme.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsin june 2015, the cm had handpicked him as the board chairman.
;;-0.4215;;fadnavis has now directed officials to provide health cover to construction workers under a universal scheme  the mahatma jyotiba phule jan arogya yojana (mjpjay)  from october 2, but senior government officials confirmed no inquiry has so far been ordered.
;;-0.128;;when the indian express asked the cm whether an inquiry would be launched regarding the irregularities, fadnavis texted, we have cancelled it.
;;-0.2732;;according to the documents, fadnavis decision to drop the scheme was in the backdrop of a report from maharashtra labour commissioner yashwant kerure regarding irregularities in the manner of appointment of the brokerage firm and the insurer.
;;0.0;;the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cms official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis during a rehabilitation programme on sunday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis during a rehabilitation programme on sunday.
;;0.0;;two years and eight months after the landslide, a village completely rehabilitated with houses, schools and community spaces was inaugurated on sunday in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , other elected representatives, administration and locals.
;;0.6908;;on sunday, the event was attended by fadnavis, rehabilitation minister chandrakant patil, women and child development minister pankaja munde, pune guardian minister girish bapat, shirur mp shivaji adhalrao patil, ambegaon mla dilip valase patil, district collector saurabh rao, pune zp ceo daulat desai, ndrf commandant anupam shrivastav and several other representatives of various private and government bodies who played a role in rescue and rehabilitation of the village.
;;-0.4854;;post malin disaster, not only the state government and administration, but the entire society came forward to do whatever that could be done to alleviate the pain of those affected, said fadnavis, praising the efforts taken by the district administration.
;;-0.5859;;after walse patil pointed out the need to take immediate efforts to address the water woes in the region and take precautionary measures in half a dozen villages in the region that are landslide prone, fadnavis promised a financial allocation of rs 18 crore to resplve the water issue and rs 6 crore to study the viullages under the threat of landslide.
;;-0.0516;;in may 2016, patidars family had approached chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai, seeking permission for grant of sanction to prosecute ghule and more.
;;0.0;;during the winter session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis then announced an additional compensation of rs 25,000 for each family.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis during his meeting with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis dwelt at length on measures taken by his government to tackle the challenges in the agriculture sector due to climate changes.
;;0.3612;;on tuesday evening, fadnavis held a meeting with pepsico chairperson ms indira nooyi to discuss greater partnership in skill development and food processing sector.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured the centre that the state would strive to go digital across its 29,000 gram panchayats, which comprise 40,913 villages, in two phases along with the bhim-aadhaar platform by 2018.
;;0.0258;;cm fadnavis also recently discussed the matter with union minister for information technology ravi shankar prasad and told him about his governments 2018 target.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present at the meeting, held in the national capital.
;;-0.0422;;according to sources, fadnavis has been keen on getting rane on board, especially with the uncertainty over his partys relations with ally shiv sena.
;;-0.4588;;the sena had last year threatened to destabilise the coalition government headed by fadnavis if rane was inducted into the ministry.
;;0.0;;for this, a committee was set up by the central government, which had chief minister devendrafadnavis as its member.
;;0.3182;;the core committee meeting discussed the roadmap to strengthen the organisation and administration for which some changes are necessary, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;-0.296;;the cm refused to divulge details of the cabinet reshuffle cum expansion.
;;-0.3818;;facing criticism over the large number of hoardings erected across pune for his mahajanadesh yatra, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said he was completely against the way local leaders had put up the flex boards and banners.
;;0.6369;;the citys roads were defaced as local bjp leaders and ticket aspirants for the upcoming maharashtra assembly polls put up huge hoardings and flex boards welcoming the cm across pune.
;;0.0;;ncp president sharad pawar on wednesday met chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai to discuss the prevailing drought situation.
;;0.0;;the meeting comes days after pawar wrote to the cm over the drought condition and sought time for a meeting with him.
;;0.0;;at the meeting on wednesday, sources said fadnavis listed the measures that has been taken up by the government towards drought mitigation, including providing wheat at rs 2 per kg and rice at rs 3 per kg to all farmers in the 14 worst-hit districts, heavy subsidies for farmers, providing rs 100 per cow and cattle (big animal) in cattle camps and supplying drinking water through tankers based on the 2018 population and not the 2011 census.
;;-0.0516;;ncp spokesperson nawab malik said, pawarsahab had written to fadnavis to highlight the severe drought condition in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;he had also sought an appointment with the cm.
;;0.0;;advertisingsources said pawar urged fadnavis to look into the demands for water tankers and cattle camps.
;;-0.1779;;the ncp chief pointed even after implementation of the national food security act, 2013, villagers in drought-hit districts were being deprived of foodgrain.
;;0.1531;;on the dhangar community in beed demanding that sheep and goat be given shelter in cattle camps, the cm assured that provisions can be made for the same, he added.
;;0.296;;based on his experience, he wanted to share some issues with cm the meeting was neither related to the lok sabha elections nor aimed at scoring political points.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said, the loss of lives of children due to malnourishment has to be dealt with firmly.
;;0.6486;;fadnavis emphasised the need for special focus on woman self-help groups and providing market opportunities to empower women.
;;0.7964;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said that a no-objection letter from the state environment department was obtained before granting an in-principle approval for surveying and giving a cadastral survey number to the foreshore portion on nepeansea road.
;;0.4019;;on monday, in a special meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was decided that the state will give the money to seloo agriculture produce marketing committee (apmc) as a soft loan.
;;-0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant.
;;-0.25;;(source: file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant.
;;0.2732;;(source: file photo)new evidence shows that the maharashtra building and other construction workers welfare board, headed by omprakash yadav, a bjp corporator from nagpur and a supporter of chief minister devendrafadnavis , had gone ahead with the multi-crore scheme even as the comptroller and auditor general (cag) of india had objected to it.
;;-0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis eventually cancelled the boards scheme after the labour commissioner and senior bureaucrats with the state labour department flagged off various irregularities in the appointments of the consultant or a brokerage firm, and the insurance company.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the government has prioritised the expansion of amravati, akola and yavatmal airports, in order to give a boost to industrial development in western vidarbha.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis also expressed hope that maharashtra will fully attain its irrigation potential in the next two years.
;;0.4019;;shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/file) shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/file)on monday night, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray along with several other leaders of the party met fadnavis at his official residence varsha in mumbai.
;;-0.3818;;however, majority of complains presented to the cm were of a general nature.
;;0.128;;last month, fadnavis had a meeting with thackeray at matoshree (bandra) where fadnavis urged thackeray to ask their members to draw a list of issues on which they are complaining, to facilitate a quick solution.
;;0.0;;in response, thackeray, along with 15 members met fadnavis.
;;0.0258;;a senior bjp official said, on matters related to public welfare, fadnavis has always given priority.
;;-0.6705;;days after the suicide of dr payal tadvi, nagpur-based dr babasaheb ambedkar national students federation had on may 26 appealed to chief minister devendrafadnavis for implementation of the recommendations of a three-member committee constituted in aiims, delhi, to inquire into allegations of differential treatment of sc/st students at the institute.
;;0.4215;;the rs 15,000-crore project has been approved by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who heads the maharashtra state water council.
;;0.2732;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendrafadnavis state government is working on a draft proposal to segregate and shift agriculture feeders from coal-based power to solar energy through a long-term policy aimed at making both agriculture and industries financially sustainable.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at a meeting suggested, the process of shifting agriculture power to solar energy in a phased manner should be taken up keeping in mind the 15 to 20 years horizon.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis indicated that the initiative to plug mismanagement in coal supply policy has helped to save rs 700-800 crore.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi, his cabinet colleagues, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and governor vidyasagar rao in nagpur on ambedkar jayanti friday.
;;0.5719;;it further said that after the congress won the rajasthan by-poll, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the congress should only contest the bypolls.
;;0.0;;ahead of the crucial three week-long monsoon session, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday night met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray at matoshree.
;;0.8225;;sources said that it is likely that fadnavis called for the meeting to gain the senas support for the crucial goods and services act (gst), which will be tabled at the session as the union government is keen on pushing the gst bill in monsoon session of parliament.
;;0.7351;;maintaining that no party ever vanishes completely from the political arena, the shiv sena on thursday agreed with sharad pawars grandson rohit pawar that bjp leaders praise or target the ncp chief as per their convenience.
;;0.6597;;advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the sena referred to chief minister devendrafadnavis remarks that the ncp would soon cease to exist and only sharad pawar, ajit pawar and supriya sule would remain in the party.
;;-0.5267;;last week, union home minister amit shah, while addressing a rally in solapur, had attacked the ncp chief over dynasty rule and corruption while questioning his contribution to maharashtras development.
;;-0.7351;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavismaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the attack on policemen in latur district is an attack on the entire police force and such acts will not be tolerated in the future.
;;0.0;;wont tolerate such act, the cm tweeted.
;;0.7096;;in a series of tweets, he praised bjp workers, particularly maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state party president raosaheb danve patil, for tirelessly working for the people.
;;0.5719;;bjp president amit shah lauded chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president raosaheb danve for the partys unprecedented success in the bmc and other civic bodies elections.
;;0.6705;;union home minister rajnath singh spoke to fadnavis to congratulate him on the bjps exceptional performance and said the bjp activists have helped expand its base across the state.
;;0.1027;;defence minister rajnath singh, who was returning from amravati after attending a rally organised as part of chief minister devendrafadnavis `maha janadesh yatra met gadkari at the airport.
;;0.0;;advertisinglast month, a delegation of marathi writers, including veteran madhu mangesh karnik, former president of the all india marathi literature meet laxmikant deshmukh and others had met chief minister devendrafadnavis to press for their demands of classical status to marathi, building a language bhavan, among others.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis had promised to look into their demands.
;;0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also handles the home portfolio, has said efforts have been made to bring people from different communities together and restore peace.
;;0.4019;;in the cabinet meeting earlier this week, chief minister devendrafadnavis directed the authorities to step up efforts to boost supply and check hoarding.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis has directed food and civil supplies minister girish bapat to rush to delhi to convince the union government to okay a higher buffer stock of tur dal for the state.
;;0.0;;in his speeches, chief minister devendrafadnavis has maintained, mumbai is bjps janmabhoomi (land of birth) and my karmabhoomi (land of duty).
;;0.4019;;at the first bjp poll rally in mumbai last week, fadnavis had recalled vajpayees poetic slogan to boost the morale of his partyworkers at the nsc grounds at goregaon.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has gone a step ahead to tick off the sena: chhatrapati shivaji never tolerated extortion or corruption.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday gave an approval for the setting up of a mumbai haat exclusively for marketing products made by women self-help groups.
;;0.3818;;according to fadnavis, mumbai haat is one step forward towards governments larger objective to promote women self-help groups which have network across rural maharashtra.
;;0.4588;;a year ago, fadnavis had taken the decision to give loans to women self-help groups at zero interest rate.
;;0.0;;according to fadnavis, mumbai haat should not be seen as another local market, however, what would make it distinct from others, is the larger purpose to economically empower the women through self-help groups.
;;0.0;;b'shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
;;0.0;;shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
;;0.0;;shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, had called on dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai.
;;0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also handles the home portfolio, said that the situation is under control and efforts have been undertaken to bring people from different communities together and restore peace.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)maharashtra has allocated rs 26,345.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo)shiv sena on wednesday targeted former maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse again, saying he is reaping what he sowed, and his rehabilitation depends on the outcome of a probe conducted by agencies controlled by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.5994;;claiming that parts of marathwada are still facing water scarcity and drought even as flood has wreaked havoc in western maharashtra, a delegation of the state congress leaders, led by its state president balasaheb thorat, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday and urged the government to declare drought in beed, osmanabad and latur districts of marathwada.
;;0.0;;a copy has been marked to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.5106;;on thursday, sena president uddhav thackeray lavished gratitude on the narendra modi-amit shah-devendra fadnavis combine.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis described the electoral outcome as the peoples unwavering faith in modis leadership.
;;0.0772;;(express photo by ganesh shirsekar)unhappy with chief minister devendrafadnavis clean chit to ministers battling graft allegations, legislators from the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) monday raised an uproar in the upper house, demanding inquiries in all matters and resignations of the concerned ministers.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday conveyed that the government is positive to all the demands made by the akhil bharatiya kisan sabha, which has organised the long farmers march.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.6597;;the bharatiya janata party will never compromise its ideology and seek support from the congress to come to power in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.5423;;on saturday morning, fadnavis along with minister of finance sudhir mungantiwar, public works department minister chandrakant patil, education minister vinod tawde and mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar, among others, went to chhatrapati shivaji fort at raigad to offer tribute and seek blessings after the partys results across 10 municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday told the legislative council during question hour, the government is working through various schemes and organisations to curb juvenile crimes.
;;0.0;;out of these, 18 are operated by the government and 51 are private, said the cm.
;;0.2732;;their charter of demands addressed to the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis included implementation of the ms swaminathan committees recommendation of ensuring crop realisation levels at least 50 per cent above production costs, a complete waiver of farm loans, 100 per cent subsidy on drip/sprinkler irrigation systems, and  of immediate relevance to dhanvate  a minimum milk purchase price of rs 50 per litre.
;;0.0;;the stir began as scheduled on june 1, but was called off after two days, following a meeting of the core committee with the chief minister fadnavis, who announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver package targeting small and marginal farmers in the state.
;;0.0772;;rti activist anil galgali had written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) commissioner, u p s madan, and mmrc managing director ashwini bhide on february 3, 2017, seeking access to dprs of all ongoing projects.
;;0.4215;;three days after the chopper of chief minister devendrafadnavis crashlanded at nilanga in latur district, safety experts have raised questions about the compliance of chopper flying and maintenance rules.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the project team to explore various models before the meeting to be held next week.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at the cabinet meeting led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday night.
;;0.6597;;all municipal corporations, municipal councils, district collectors and chief executive officers of the zilla parishads have been sensitised to ensure its implementation in their respective regions.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis holds the responsibility of state home ministry but is seen welcoming leaders with criminal background in his party.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsworld bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis discussed the projects in mumbai tuesday.
;;0.0;;bjp will introduce a 3d hologram of the cm through a mobile app.
;;0.0;;bjp will introduce a 3d hologram of the cm through a mobile app.
;;0.7506;;in a bid to replicate the success of using hologram technology during the then prime ministerial candidate narendra modis rallies in 2014, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) will now introduce a three-dimensional hologram of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis through a mobile app.
;;0.4767;;to reach wider audiences ahead of elections to ten municipal corporations across the state, including mumbai, the app that will be launched later this week will allow users to invite the 3d image of the cm, which will then proceed to deliver a five-minute video message.
;;0.4019;;bjp spokesperson shweta shalini said the idea was to ensure that the cm could reach each and every household.
;;0.4215;;we wanted to give a personalised experience of sharing a moment with the cm and people can summon him in three languages  marathi, english and hindi.
;;0.7096;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday reiterated the solidarity between the bjp and shiv sena stating that the two parties were natural allies, committed to hindutva, who would fight elections together.
;;0.765;;the sena has been keen that power should be shared equitably between the two parties, with each getting the post of chief minister for two-and-a-half year each.
;;0.4019;;earlier in the day, an editorial published in senas mouthpiece saamana called for the installation of a chief minister from the party in maharashtra by next year.
;;0.0;;after the state elections, there will be saffronisation in the state and a chief minister from shiv sena in maharashtra, the editorial said.
;;0.223;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday urged opposition parties not to politicise the floods in western maharashtra, cautioning that people wont forgive them.
;;-0.7579;;cm defends mahajanchief minister devendrafadnavis saturday defended water resources minister girish mahajan, who came under fire from the opposition after his selfie videos in kolhapur went viral, saying that the minister visited the worst flood-hit areas against several odds.
;;0.4404;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that pandharpur will be transformed to provide better basic amenities for convenience of 12 lakh warkaris or pilgrims who visit the temple town annually.
;;0.0;;three days after chief minister devendrafadnavis kicked off his pre-election statewide mahajanadesh yatra, the congress has firmed up a plan to counter the move.
;;0.3818;;the partys election campaign managers said congress plans to trace the route of the chief ministers yatra to organise gatherings aimed at countering the claims and the promises made by fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;on saturday, congress campaign committee chairman nana patole, a former bjp mp who had joined the party in 2018, alleged that fadnavis was selling a lie.
;;-0.1027;;advertisingdaring fadnavis to debate him over development, patole added, if the chief minister is unwilling to accept the challenge, the congress will hold public gatherings along the same route (planned for fadnavis yatra) to run a campaign that exposes the lies and non-performance of the government.
;;-0.5267;;in an apparent bid to provoke fadnavis, patole labelled him as an agent of gujarat, while highlighting his governments failure to ensure that mumbai gets the international financial centre tag.
;;-0.296;;he also accused fadnavis of using taxpayers money for the yatra to push bjps agenda.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has also ordered an urgent revamp of these institutions.
;;0.296;;while the congress-ncp leaders met governor c vidhyasagar rao to demand a special three-day session to discuss the loan waiver, sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis with the same plea.
;;0.0;;asked about the meeting with the chief minister, a senior sena minister requesting anonymity said: we met the chief minister to discuss procurement of tur dal (pulses) from farmers.
;;0.5327;;we also urged the chief minister to provide relief to farmers with some financial incentives as we understand that the rs 30,500 crore waiver is not the solution.
;;0.128;;explaining the governments position, the bjp minister said: last week, fadnavis launched a programme unnat sheti and samruddha shetkari to make higher capital investments in agriculture and double farm income.
;;0.7579;;fadnavis has promised a slew of incentives to help small and marginal farmers with land holding less than 2 hectares, he said.
;;-0.4767;;led by the chief of the organisation, sanjay patil ghatnekar, the agitators demonstrated at the mantralaya gates by throwing onions and tur dal on the road.
;;0.296;;the loan waiver to marginal farmers announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis to end the farmers strike would help farmers in western maharashtra the most.
;;0.8442;;read: uddhav thackeray: not just mumbai mayor, maharashtra next chief minister will be from shiv senacelebrations soon played out outside bjps dadar office as party workers eagerly welcomed maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who addressed a press conference soon after.
;;0.5106;;a visibly ecstatic fadnavis said the partys core committee will decide the future course of action in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
;;0.7964;;read: devendrafadnavis on bmc poll results: bjps huge victory a mandate for transparencya shiv sena supporter celebrates after bmc elections in mumbai.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arriving at bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arriving at bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
;;0.7096;;in a series of tweets, pm modi praised bjp workers, particularly maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and state party president raosaheb danve patil, for tirelessly working for the people.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis in bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
;;0.0;;express photo by nirmal harindran maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis in bjp office, dadar after bmc election results on thursday.
;;0.5903;;during the enactment of the act, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said a progressive state like maharashtra could not allow social evils in the garb of caste panchayat diktats or rituals.
;;0.0;;the proposed rs 98,000-crore bullet train project between ahmedabad and mumbai may pose hurdles in chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to construct an international financial services centre (ifsc) in bandra kurla complex or bkc.
;;0.296;;just as the central government wants maharashtra to share a portion of the land designated for the ifsc in bkc for the bullet train project, senior bureaucrats from maharashtra have cautioned the chief minister that such an arrangement may impact the construction of the ifsc itself.
;;0.34;;following the cautionary note, fadnavis, confirmed sources, has decided to seek a written assurance from the railways that it shall not raise objections regarding construction for the ifsc.
;;0.4939;;they have submitted a memorandum to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking his support to end gender bias and allow womens entry at the temple and all other sacred places in the state.
;;0.0;;secondly, it may have to consider induction of his son nitesh as a minister of state in chief minister devendrafadnavis government in the state.
;;0.7351;;top leaders of the party including chief minister devendrafadnavis , state unit president raosaheb danve, state ministers, party mlas and presidents of the partys 65 administrative districts are expected to attend the executive meeting.
;;0.5267;;five union ministers from the state, including nitin gadkari and suresh prabhu will, like the cm, not only attend the event but will also hold forth on the partys plans, policies, ideology and its ambition of ruling not only maharashtra single-handedly but other local self-government bodies as well, said bjp sources.
;;0.3818;;speculation over rane joining the bjp gained momentum last week after the congress leader reportedly met bjp president amit shah in gujarat along with cm devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7717;;jagtap said fadnavis and gadkari, among other leaders, will address the meet and highlight the future course of action vis-a-vis the growth of the party in maharashtra.
;;-0.4404;;b'a protest march of maharashtra farmers from chief minister devendrafadnavis assembly constituency in nagpur to prime minister narendra modis native place vadnagar was stopped by the gujarat police in tapi district at the state border on thursday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis met vilas shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
;;0.0;;(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis met vilas shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and police commissioner datta padsalgikar met shindes family at their bdd chawl residence in worli wednesday evening.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that there is no confusion in the bjp about fighting the maharashtra state elections with the shiv sena, and expressed confidence that he would be cm again if the alliance won.
;;0.2732;;advertisingin an interview to the indian express in aurangabad last week, during his state-wide janadesh yatra, fadnavis sought to lay to rest the hit-and-run battles between various second-rung leaders of the bjp and sena over claims to chief ministership if the alliance won.
;;0.0;;the bjp parliamentary board under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi is empowered to choose the cm.
;;-0.3818;;read | fadnavis will be cm for second term, says amit shahadvertisingabout the alliance with the sena, fadnavis said, at least what i know, at the top in delhi and maharashtra, there is no confusion.
;;0.0;;i have already said in the vidhan sabha that i am coming back as chief minister.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis admitted that along with the rest of the country, maharashtra too had started feeling the pinch of the economic slowdown, and said it was a concern as the automobile sector in the state had been affected.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has been touring maharashtra since august 1 in an early start to his poll campaign.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, told the assembly today that all of them are safe.
;;0.0;;fadnavis added: we have a permanent system in place.
;;0.6702;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (pti photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said bjp is not in favour of suspension of publication of saamana newspaper during election days but the party has objections to certain content published in it.
;;-0.5106;;meanwhile, sources close to fadnavis said, the cm has expressed his disappointment over the letter sent to sec, as it dented the partys image.
;;0.6705;;they also claimed that not all the advertisement and communication content of the party for the polls was approved by fadnavis.
;;0.4588;;arul horizonas the ima strike is called off following assurances by chief minister devendrafadnavis , dr dilip sarda, member of maharashtra medical council and former president of maharashtra unit of ima and dr jayant navrange, chairman of the medico-legal committee of ima at an idea exchange at the indian express talk on why the incidents snowballed into a major issue leading to mass bunking and what needs to be doneanuradha mascarenhas: resident doctors at government medical colleges across the state have been on mass casual leave for five days demanding security.
;;0.0;;every time a new police chief comes, we have to brief them about the act.
;;-0.7506;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday accused opposition congress-ncp of shedding crocodile tears over the plight of farmers and said that their demand for loan waiver is politically motivated as they suffered a severe drubbing in the recent local bodies and civic polls across the state.
;;0.6124;;fadnavis reiterated that his government was not opposed to farm loan waiver but wanted that the decision, when taken, to benefit farmers.
;;-0.128;;intervening in the state legislative assembly, which has been witnessing uproarious scenes on demand for farm loan waiver, fadnavis on thursday said the plight of farmers was due to the policies of the previous congress-ncp government, which ruled the state for 15 years.
;;0.0;;fadnavis pointed out that the states total expenditure is rs 2.
;;0.2263;;fadnavis charged that opposition congress-ncp wants the loan waiver to help district co-operative banks run by them and which are involved in irregularities.
;;0.3818;;the conclave will see chief minister devendrafadnavis spelling out clear guidelines and strategies for the coming elections, a bjp source said.
;;0.0;;(express photo by jaipal singh/file)three years after chief minister devendrafadnavis scrapped the draft development plans proposal for variable floor space index (fsi) ranging from 2.
;;-0.0772;;while a planning committee that reviewed public suggestions to the draft plan had imposed plot size restrictions to regulate this fsi, the cm has dropped their suggestion.
;;0.6808;;the new rules permit slum rehabilitation authority chief to relax tenement density norms, further boosting the sale component.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo)ahead of the october 31 swearing-in ceremony for maharashtras new chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was a different oath-taking function held wednesday at the fort-based headquarters of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), which has often been in the dock over allegations of corruption against its staff.
;;0.1027;;watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his votebesides minorities and the backward classes, the party has been aggressively wooing the north indian lower-middle-class voter, which swung the bjps way in 2014.
;;-0.9292;;but as the war of words intensified between chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray in the final leg of campaigning, the congress attacked the saffron alliance more aggressively on local issues.
;;0.6124;;chief minister devendrafadnavis deserves to be complimented for successfully breaking the agitation of maratha community by weaning over some maratha leaders and having his way, the resolution stated.
;;0.34;;with non-bjp parties threatening to boycott prime minister narendra modis function in the city on saturday to mark the first anniversary of the smart city mission over the non-inclusion of pune mayors name in the list of invitees, chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened friday evening to defuse the situation after which the mayor was given a green signal by his party ncp to attend the function.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already ruled out the bjp seeking congress help in the bmc.
;;0.7269;;b'file photo: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive/file) file photo: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive/file)the bjp-led maharashtra governments ambitious scheme of installing five lakh solar agricultural pumps across the state, a pet initiative of chief minister devendrafadnavis , has got off to a slow start with few farmers showing interest in the scheme.
;;0.3818;;this is a significant milestone and the first of many important steps toward bringing hyperloop to the masses, jay walder, chief executive officer, virgin hyperloop one said.
;;0.3182;;we have just named dp world-virgin hyperloop one consortium as the original project proponent for the mumbai-pune hyperloop project and preparing to start the public procurement process, the release quoted chief minister devendrafadnavis as saying.
;;0.4019;;support for hyperloop transportation systems is mounting across the world and india has led the charge to bring hyperloop to fruition since the early stages of development, said sultan ahmed bin sulayem, group chairman and chief executive of dp world and chairman virgin hyperloop one.
;;0.3612;;5 km, sources said that chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to perform a bhoomipujan for a 11.
;;0.0;;express photo by ashish shankar mumbai, 20/01/2008builders will get additional construction rights for redevelopment of low-rise slums and old buildings in the suburbs of mumbai with the devendrafadnavis government set to introduce the policy for cluster redevelopment in these parts.
;;0.0;;on friday, after the hc finally lifted the stay, chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that his government intends to roll out the model for the suburbs.
;;0.0;;the cm added that his government will soon issue a notification for implementing the model in these parts.
;;0.0;;while the fadnavis government had initially planned to replicate the model in the island city (offering 4 fsi to builders), sources said the fsi will now be capped at 3 on the basis of neeris findings.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said that the abrogation of article 370 in kashmir will soon become a reality, paving way for a nation governed by one constitution.
;;-0.1531;;during the devendrafadnavis governments tenure, professional tax collection has been falling each year, he said on friday.
;;-0.5228;;sawant said this drop in professional tax collection indicates poor performance of the fadnavis government as well as the ill-effects of demonetisation on the states economy.
;;0.6808;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis is selling false dreams by organising events like `make in maharashtra, `magnetic maharashtra and exaggerating investment and job creation figures from such programmes.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday held meetings with the three groups in dubai.
;;0.3612;;the visit was part of a tour by fadnavis to attract foreign investment.
;;0.34;;indian ambassador navdeep suri welcomed the chief minister.
;;0.0;;it was followed by a meeting with dp world groups chairman and chief executive officer (ceo) sultan ahmed bin sulayem.
;;0.2732;;in the evening, fadnavis met with mbm group chairman sheikh mohammed bin maktoum bin juma al maktoum who agreed to work with the state government on the redevelopment of dharavi along with related infrastructure projects in mumbai.
;;0.0;;the third meeting was between fadnavis and thumbay group president thumbay moideen.
;;0.836;;if the metro is compelling for a better future, following the principles of great leaders is compulsory, said chief minister devendrafadnavis at the mmrdas meeting at vidhan bhavan.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis will be the chief guest at the evening session.
;;0.0;;(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday presented a roadmap of magnetic maharashtra at an event, mumbai meets manhattan, in new york.
;;0.1027;;referring to the governments flagship project, jalyukt shivar, the cm highlighted how 11,427 villages, which were drought-hit have become water neutral.
;;0.25;;opposition members today created ruckus in the maharashtra legislative council over chief minister devendrafadnavis statements over the farm loan waiver issue.
;;-0.4019;;speaking in the assembly yesterday fadnavis had sought to know from the opposition if it can guarantee that no farmer suicides will take place if a debt waiver is announced.
;;0.0;;patil said amid din yesterday he tried to tell the house fadnavis was about to come to the council to make statement, but the chair adjourned proceedings for the day.
;;0.0;;the leader of opposition said fadnavis has not set foot in the house ever since the budget session began nine days ago.
;;0.0;;(file photo)taking the battle against corruption to shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays doorsteps, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the index of the familys growth and development was at the cost of ordinary mumbaikars.
;;0.0;;the cm added, those who live in glass houses dont throw stones at others.
;;0.6597;;party leader and yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray, who is on a statewide jan ashirwad yatra, recently had told the indian express that the next cm will be from his party.
;;-0.296;;there has been discussion among bjp chief amit shah, chief minister devendrafadnavis and sena chief uddhav thackeray, which no one else knows.
;;0.0;;the cabinet sub-committee chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday decided to evolve a new category of seasonal farming along with existing farming on irrigated and non-irrigated lands.
;;0.1531;;the bombay high court on friday dismissed a petition challenging the appointment of radhakrishna vikhe-patil, jaydutt kshirsagar and avinash mahatekar as ministers in the devendrafadnavis government.
;;0.3818;;advertisingon the eve of the monsoon session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis had inducted 13 new ministers into his cabinet, including vikhe-patil and kshirsagar, both of whom had resigned as members of the legislative assembly after they switched over from the opposition to join the bjp and shiv sena, respectively.
;;0.0;;clause (4) of article 164 of the constitution states that a minister (which includes a chief minister), who for any period of six consecutive months is not a member of the legislature of a state, shall at the expiration of that period cease to be a minister.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.5584;;despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in marathwada and vidarbha, maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday while launching mission drinking water.
;;0.0;;according to fadnavis, the jalyukata shivar projects will require sustained efforts for the next three years to make the state drought-freetill date, we received 80,000 applications from farmers seeking farm ponds.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state assembly that the government will urge the centre to consider its proposal.
;;0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on thursday said that he had requested his karnataka counterpart to discharge 5 lakh cusecs, a demand which has been accepted.
;;0.5267;;the official said that on friday as well, fadnavis spoke to karnataka chief minister b s yediyurappa, requesting him to increase the discharge.
;;0.0;;fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendra modi about the flood situation in sangli and kolhapur districts.
;;-0.3182;;hearing the plight of the ostracised couple, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis invited them to varsha, his residence in mumbai, (file photo) hearing the plight of the ostracised couple, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis invited them to varsha, his residence in mumbai, (file photo)a couple, facing social boycott in their village in coastal konkan, onthursday performed puja of the ganesh idol installed at chief minister devendrafadnavis official residence varsha in south mumbai.
;;0.0;;hearing their plight, fadnavis invited them to varsha, an official said.
;;0.2263;;unless our chief (thackeray) clarifies, the government will continue to be on notice, sena spokesperson neelam gorhe said.
;;0.396;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the bjp would neither field its nominee in the mayoral poll, nor would it demand chairmanship of standing committee or improvements committee in the civic body, paving the way for sena to install its nominee as the mayor.
;;0.2023;;in the run-up to the bitterly-fought civic polls, including mumbai, thackeray had last month said the fadnavis government was on a notice period, fuelling speculations about its stability as the sena is an important alliance partner in the dispensation.
;;0.6124;;(file photo)two days after the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls delivered a hung verdict, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday ruled out any alliance with the congress for the control of the countrys richest civic body.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by ganesh shirsekar) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during election victory celebrations at bjp office, nariman point on saturday.
;;-0.6486;;the bmc polls was also viewed as the battle of prestige for cm fadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray as they had ended their acrimonious relationship just before the elections.
;;0.7845;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged the party workers to campaign for transparent politics and initiate a cashless transaction drive across the state with an aim to bring about greater electoral reforms and make it compulsory for cheque payments for party funds.
;;0.0772;;the message to the cadres in all 90,000 booths across maharashtra was to work towards rebuilding the organisation on four critical factors  capacity, character,credibility and commitment  which fadnavis spoke about in the recently-held state bjp conclave.
;;0.8316;;in an attempt to bring greater coordination within the government and the party, fadnavis has constituted a team of top party leaders and senior cabinet ministers who would regularly hold deliberations on crucial policy matters.
;;0.0;;in what is likely to be the last reshuffle-cum-expansion before the maharashtra assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday expanded his cabinet adding 12 new ministers.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, fadnavis also added avinash mahatekar of republican party of india as a minister of state (mos).
;;0.0;;co/hanpaxsoxs  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) june 16, 2019maharashtra housing minister prakash mehta and five other state ministers quit their posts, an official in the chief ministers office (cmo) told pti.
;;0.0258;;although the project was stayed and the decision overruled by the cm, the entire matter was investigated.
;;0.0;;earlier, fadnavis had also held a meeting with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and apprised him about the cabinet expansion.
;;0.2023;;there are four important portfolios awaiting full-fledged ministers, so the cm has the scope to induct at least four new ministers, a bjp source said.
;;0.5499;;chief minister devendrafadnavis was not present at this meeting, but union ministers radhamohan singh (agriculture), ram vilas paswan (food), subhash bhamre (mos, defence), former agriculture minister and nationalist congress party chief sharad pawar, maharashtras ministers pandurang phundkar (agriculture), subhash deshmukh (cooperatives), sadabhau khot (mos, agriculture) and senior bureaucrats deliberated on measures in this regard.
;;0.3818;;gadkaris initiative was seen by some close to the cm as an attempt to take credit for sorting out crucial state issues.
;;-0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis informed the legislature on thursday that in the past five years, there have been 16,000 farmers suicides despite writing off farm loans, and asked the opposition, who would guarantee that suicides will stop after another such scheme is implemented?
;;-0.3182;;fadnavis was responding to congress-ncp members questions on the delay in the coastal road project.
;;-0.128;;a day after shiv sena whittled down bjps demand to contest 114 seats out of total 227 for bmc polls to mere 60, its chief uddhav thackeray today refused to open his cards on the prospects of the tie-up.
;;0.0;;while thackeray said the final decision will be taken after his discussions with chief minister devendrafadnavis , senior shiv sena leader sanjay raut rubbed it in further saying, 60 seats to bjp in civic polls is more than enough.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp leader tonight virtually ruled out the possibility of fadnavis talking to thackeray.
;;0.6124;;however, bjps city unit chief ashish shelar said the party is still optimistic about the alliance with sena and the final decision will be taken by fadnvais and the state unit president raosaheb danve.
;;0.0;;we also apprised fadnavis about details of meetings held with shiv sena leaders.
;;0.0;;bjp leaders have expressed their extreme displeasure over such offer, he said, adding the final decision will be taken by fadnavis and thackeray.
;;0.0;;once we (he and devendra fadnavis) get the proposals from our leaders, we will decide on how to go ahead with it.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis named guardian ministers for all the 36 districts in the state.
;;-0.0772;;watch what else is in the newsbjp leaders expressed serious displeasure over the senas highhandedness to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, fadnavis carried out meetings with mlas, mps to review the poll preparedness and develop strategies to make impact in maximum mumbai.
;;0.1027;;the political class, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , who appears to be the target of the ncp, has supported the claims, notwithstanding the failure of earlier attempts to secure them.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis home turf nagpur, a traditional bjp stronghold, also mirrors the trend.
;;0.0;;her husband omprakash yadav, considered close to fadnavis, heads the state-run maharashtra building and other construction workers welfare board.
;;0.5106;;he enjoys the stature equivalent to an mos in the fadnavis government.
;;0.0;;maharashtra bjp chief and former union minister raosaheb danves daughter asha pande danve is contesting the zp elections from bhokardan taluka in his home district of jalna.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis with the farmers delegation in mumbai tuesday.
;;0.0;;express chief minister devendrafadnavis with the farmers delegation in mumbai tuesday.
;;-0.128;;expressthe farmers in maharashtra have called off their june 1 strike after meeting chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, farmers groups came to mantralya to meet fadnavis and held a detail deliberation.
;;0.4019;;as he met these farmers, fadnavis explained to them, all the major agriculture policies undertaken by the government were intended to provide water and power 247, and minimum support price for their farm produce.
;;0.3818;;while reiterating that the government was not against loan waiver, fadnavis explained that a high powered committee of state and centre was working to bring all farmers within the institutional credit crop loan bracket.
;;0.34;;the gems & jewellery export promotion council (gjepc) and mumbai diamond merchants association disbursed the fds to the 19 martyrs families through the hands of chief minister devendrafadnavis and his wife amruta.
;;0.6705;;apart from the cm, diamond merchant and bollywood financer bharat shah, pravin shankar pandya- chairman of gems & jewellery national relief foundation, mmrda commissioner ups madan were present at the event.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has urged the state finance department to work out the budget for subsidies to help farmers meet the additional expenditure on drip irrigation infrastructure.
;;-0.2263;;ptiin the face of spiralling protests across maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced a farm loan waiver of rs 30,000 crore, the biggest such write-off for farmers in the state.
;;0.2469;;fadnavis waives farm loans of rs 30,000 cr, but protests spread challenge, he said, we are not ruling out a deficit budget.
;;0.2023;;over the past few weeks, even when opposition parties and farmers demanded a loan write-off, the cm had remained firm, saying such a waiver wasnt the answer.
;;0.6036;;chief minister devendrafadnavis message to his new ministers is loud and clear  dont waste time attending felicitation functions and celebrations.
;;-0.5859;;advertisingdrought or draughtthe devendrafadnavis government was left embarrassed last week when it was noticed that the english version of the economic survey report 2018-19 had some odd translations.
;;0.1779;;the decision was taken at meeting convened on friday by chief minister devendrafadnavis of nddb officials to extend the dairy development projects to rural households across backward districts of vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.0;;shirdi airport chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed officials to complete unfinished work at shirdi airport by october 2016.
;;-0.2732;;upping the ante against its ally bjp, shiv sena monday said chief minister devendrafadnavis will be sent home if he continues to level charges against it in the run up to the local body polls.
;;0.0;;the remarks from the bickering ally came after fadnavis hit out at it at a bjp rally here on saturday, close on the heels of the sena deciding against a pre-poll pact with the senior partner for civic polls in mumbai and other cities across the state.
;;0.1779;;if the cm continues to level low grade charges against the shiv sena, for time being it has left him only with a sore throat but tomorrow he will be sent home, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
;;-0.1436;;b'radheshyam mopalwar (express photo) radheshyam mopalwar (express photo)four months after a committee appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) vice-chairman and md radheshyam mopalwar of graft allegations, it emerges that the committee did not get original clips of an audio purportedly containing the 1995-batch ias officers phone conversations with a middleman.
;;-0.0516;;a day after ncp legislator ajit pawar had raised the issue in assembly, fadnavis ordered a probe and mopalwar was asked to go on leave on august 3, 2017.
;;0.1901;;watch video: whats making newsthe family said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured them that he would arrange a meeting with the prime minister, but that too has not materialised.
;;-0.5423;;we had met the cm twice personally and had written at least five letters requesting him to use his good office for arranging a meeting with the prime minister, but the cm too has failed to do anything, hamid said.
;;0.0;;the surplus water flowing to telangana from wainganga river will be used to address drought in vidarbha, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday reiterated that the bjps transparency plank to weed out corruption and bring greater accountability was applicable to entire maharashtra.
;;0.1779;;minister for environment ramdas kadam of the shiv sena said, we urged the chief minister to extend the committee guidelines for transparency to all municipal corporations across maharashtra.
;;-0.3612;;the tribunal noted that chief minister devendrafadnavis had, in the past, thrice sent back proposals of the suspension review committee to revoke its earlier suspension orders, leaving the committee with no choice but to recommend that jadhav continue to remain suspended back then.
;;-0.1154;;the suspension review committee wrote thrice to fadnavis to revoke the order but each time it was returned for reconsideration since there were serious allegations against jadhav.
;;0.0;;the office of chief minister was constantly pursued to strive to take a decision unfavourable for revocation of suspension of the applicant.
;;-0.4215;;or the office of chief minister was acting under the fear phychosis /phobia that if a person like the applicant, who is indicted as a predator full of lust, is allowed to enter the functional premises, it would create a catastrophic effect (sic), the mats order stated.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday welcomed the centres decision to abolish article 370 in jammu and kashmir and asserted that pakistans devious ploy to break kashmir from india had now got a royal burial.
;;0.6908;;on the fifth day of the mahajanadesh yatra, fadnavis also offered floral tribute to bharatiya jan sangh founder shyama prasad mookerjee and said the idealogues dream for complete integration of the state into india has been honoured.
;;0.0;;so far, fadnavis has covered 911 km across eight districts and 35 assembly segments in vidarbha region.
;;0.0;;explained | arun jaitley: bjp govts go-to man who built political consensus for gstseveral chief ministers from both bjp and opposition-ruled states, including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat, karnataka chief minister b s yediyurappa, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal were also present.
;;0.3182;;with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
;;0.3182;;contending that 85 per cent of farmers in the state had been covered under the scheme, fadnavis discussed the plan to expand the schemes ambit.
;;0.0;;fadnavis made the announcement during his reply to the governors speech.
;;0.0;;at the cabinet meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis urged officials to expedite the housing projects area-wise.
;;-0.6124;;the one indicator that will worry the devendrafadnavis government the most as it spells out its final budget before the state polls on tuesday is the negative growth in the crop sector.
;;0.8519;;but what softened the blow for the fadnavis government was the positive growth story of the services sector, which is projected to grow at 9.
;;0.3818;;states fiscal managers pointed that the state needs to consistently clock double digit growth, if it wants to meet the target of become a 1 trillion-dollar economy by 2025, which was earlier announced by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;but the most the fadnavis government has managed so far is a 9.
;;-0.5423;;another problem that the devendrafadnavis government might want to fix through the budget is the relatively low spend on capital works.
;;0.0;;world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis will attend chinas second belt and road forum on april 26-27, not malpass.
;;0.0;;earlier, after reviewing the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages.
;;-0.4391;;fadnavis believes jalyukt shivar has helped ward off the crisis to a great extent, which otherwise would have been more severe.
;;-0.34;;a biometric system used by the mumbai police, which has helped it crack 85 open cases of theft and break-ins and make 120 arrests during its one-year testing period, was formally launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;0.5859;;i am sure ambis will be like google for our forces in future, said fadnavis at the launch.
;;0.5994;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted, heartiest congratulations to sharad pawar for padma vibhushan.
;;0.6369;;it is believed that chief minister devendrafadnavis government has plan b and plan c ready in case sena pulls out support post bmc polls.
;;0.0;;sources in the bjp said the fadnavis government would not compromise on corruption.
;;0.2516;;emphasising the urgent need to reduce vehicular population on city roads by strengthening the eco-friendly public transport system, chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday that if the number of vehicles continued to grow unabated, pune, the educational and cultural capital of india, will soon get a new identity  most polluted city of the country.
;;0.0;;addressing the event, fadnavis recounted that all the infrastructural projects that his government has pushed and started were pending for several decades.
;;-0.6342;;if steps are not taken to ensure that the number of private vehicles go down, the city of pune, which is so far known as the cultural and educational capital of india, will get a new identity, that of being the most polluted city in the country, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the post has gone without a full-time secretary for over a month, after ups madan was elevated to the chief secretarys post.
;;0.0;;with the states full budget for 2019-20 to be placed before the state legislature during the monsoon session, chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to soon nominate a full-time secretary, confirmed sources.
;;0.0;;if the sources are to be believed, once the model code of conduct is lifted, chief minister devendrafadnavis will carry out a major rejig among ips officers.
;;-0.1511;;raising the issue, hemant takle (ncp) said despite chief minister devendrafadnavis clarifying that the bjp and the government do not endorse gotes demand, he kept reiterating his stand while talking to the media.
;;0.6705;;advertisingofficial documents obtained by the indian express under the right to information act show that on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis approved in principle the revenue departments proposal to treat a foreshore portion on the seaward side of the high tide line (htl) in the nepean sea road area as revenue land.
;;-0.296;;also readd | no development possible on nepeansea road foreshorethe documents also show that the revenue department had processed the proposal after slum developer, m/s dlpl infrastructure llp, had approached fadnavis in this regard.
;;0.0772;;on september 26, 2016, in a letter to the cm, the developer requested him to issue directives to the mumbai (city) collector for providing a cadastral survey number to the foreshore land for a slum redevelopment project to be undertaken on it.
;;-0.128;;on september 29, the department forwarded the developers demand to the mumbai collector, on which the cm noted, collector of mumbai, examine and do the needful.
;;0.6705;;almost immediately after the bill was approved, chief minister devendrafadnavis had justified the decision.
;;0.1027;;chief minister prithviraj chavan has admitted that there were irregularities in the commercial complex within the patliputra housing society formed by senior ias and ips officials in mumbai.
;;-0.2023;;the cm admitted that there have been irregularities and an fir has been lodged on the basis of the complaint filed by the bmc commissioner in 2010.
;;0.0;;sources say chief minister devendrafadnavis has plans to carry out a major rejig once the model code of conduct is lifted in may.
;;0.0;;the bjps pimpri-chinchwad unit, however, said it expected chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene.
;;0.3182;;when contacted, bjps pimpri-chinchwad unit chief laxman jagtap said, barne as mp should take the initiative in this regardit has become a sentimental issue.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting with mumbais elected members tuesday to discuss the redevelopment of chawls.
;;0.0;;shelar said, we urged the chief minister to consider fungible fsi for chawl redevelopment in the mill areas.
;;0.34;;with non-bjp parties threatening to boycott prime minister narendra modis function in the city on saturday to mark the first anniversary of the smart city mission over the non-inclusion of pune mayors name in the list of invitees, chief minister devendrafadnavis intervened friday evening to defuse the situation after which the mayor was given a green signal by his party ncp to attend the function.
;;0.6808;;fadnavis, himself a former mayor of nagpur, issued a statement saying he hoped the mayor would attend the event which was in the interest of development of pune.
;;0.7579;;to fast-track drought relief and mitigation projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday wrote to the chief election commissioner seeking relaxation in the model code of conduct as elections for all 48 lok sabha seats in the state were over.
;;0.2263;;dalvi said chief minister devendrafadnavis has recently made public the flexible compensation scheme that the government is opting for acquisition of land for pune airport in purandar.
;;0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said india has a demographic advantage as the average age of an indian is less than that of people from other countries.
;;-0.8555;;(express archive)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday called on the family of the 14-year-old girl who was gangraped and brutally murdered in kopardi village in ahmednagar district earlier this month.
;;0.7269;;cm interacted with them and assured in his short speech that govt will leave no stone unturned to ensure justice, the cms office said in a series of tweets soon after his visit to the village.
;;-0.5574;;earlier, fadnavis had informed the legislative assembly last week that the accused had been booked under sections 376 (rape), 302 (murder) of the ipc and relevant provisions of the protection of children from sexual offences (pocso) act.
;;-0.1027;;(source: ap photo/manish swarup, file)in the backdrop of drought in the last three years and lack of adequate rains resulting in insufficient soil moisture, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked farmers to refrain from sowing kharif crops for the next few days.
;;0.0;;mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.6597;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the outcome of the local body elections currently underway in the state will weigh on the future of his cabinet composition as some ministers will be promoted while others relieved according to bjps performance in their areas.
;;0.7906;;on the other hand, the ministers who fail to improve bjps performance in their respective districts, will be relieved from the ministry, said fadnavis during an interaction with reporters at his official bungalow varsha this afternoon.
;;0.0;;i have personally held 62 rallies, while bjps state unit chief raosaheb danve has held 50, pankaja munde organised some 40 rallies, while chandrakant patil and sudhir mungantiwar held 30 rallies each across the state, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to chair the annual crop outlay meeting towards the last week of april.
;;0.0;;sawant claimed chief minister devendrafadnavis headed one of the committees of the organisation.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newspansare joined bjp in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on late sunday evening.
;;0.743;;im going to write to chief minister devendrafadnavis on may 2 and would urge him to behave like a government head and not like a leader of the bjp favouring his partymen, said saptrashi.
;;0.1027;;the lawyers in pune court did not conduct any proceedings on thursday in protest against the assurance given by fadnavis to the kolhapur bar association on wednesday.
;;0.1027;;(representational image) the lawyers in pune court did not conduct any proceedings on thursday in protest against the assurance given by fadnavis to the kolhapur bar association on wednesday.
;;-0.2263;;(representational image)the pune bar association (pba) has demanded clarification from guardian minister girish bapat on chief minister devendrafadnavis recent announcement about the state planning to give funds to set up a high court bench in kolhapur.
;;0.1027;;the lawyers in pune court did not conduct any proceedings on thursday in protest against the assurance given by fadnavis to the kolhapur bar association on wednesday.
;;0.3612;;on wednesday, members of the kolhapur bar association met fadnavis, who assured them that the state would allocate funds for the basic infrastructure to set up the kolhapur bench of the high court.
;;-0.7506;;the 42-year-old allegedly hanged himself and in a suicide note, suspected to have been written by him, asked for the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis before his body was cremated.
;;0.0;;swami confirmed that in the note, jadhav had written to his family members that he should not be cremated till the cm visited them.
;;-0.3612;;speaking about the phone conversation that jadhavs family members had with fadnavis, he said: they wanted the chief minister to come to the spot but after the telephonic talk, they withdrew the agitation.
;;-0.8519;;in recent years, the fadnavis government has been facing criticisms for the suicides and for its failure to address the agrarian crisis brewing in the state.
;;0.2023;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis statement the other day is significant: where will the raw materials and labourers for the project come from?
;;0.5267;;the students, who grabbed winning spots in four themes of the transform maharashtra competition, will present their ideas to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.128;;transform maharashtra was launched by fadnavis on december 16.
;;-0.2263;;officials said a delegation of protesters would meet chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with local elected representatives, on friday.
;;0.0;;advertisingvarsha is the official residence of chief minister devendrafadnavis while matoshree is the home of thackeray in mumbai.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and other ministers at the customary tea party on the eve of the assembly session, in mumbai on sunday.
;;0.4019;;ganesh shirsekar chief minister devendrafadnavis and other ministers at the customary tea party on the eve of the assembly session, in mumbai on sunday.
;;-0.4019;;after the bjps move, the congress and the ncp will not be able to use the rift between the ruling allies to corner chief minister devendrafadnavis , and instead of political issues, the session is likely to focus on the economic problems facing maharashtra.
;;0.0516;;with the sena tamed after the bmc overture, the cm faces no serious opposition within or outside the party.
;;0.7506;;a bjp functionary said, the partys electoral success under fadnavis has consolidated his position both in the government and party.
;;0.0;;therefore, the sena has decided not to indulge in pin-pricks against fadnavis.
;;0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)days after the wife and sons of late bjp mp from palghar, chintaman wanga, joined the shiv sena, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the ruling party was seriously considering to field one of wangas family members for the may 28 palghar lok sabha bypoll.
;;0.0;;we had sought an appointment with chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president raosaheb danve but they didnt give us time.
;;0.0;;shetty added that he would write to chief minister devendrafadnavis to order a cbi inquiry against such fabricated allegations.
;;-0.4767;;i will request the cm that if there is anything that i have done wrong in the last 25 years of my political career then they should put me behind bars, he said.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at the swearing-in ceremony of yogi adityanath in lucknow.
;;0.0;;express maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at the swearing-in ceremony of yogi adityanath in lucknow.
;;-0.128;;reacting to the appointment of two deputy cms, raut said, bjp had dismissed the demand for a deputy cm in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;the purohit sangh has invited maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for the function.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already held discussions with the union finance minister to elicit maximum compensation for the state, including local bodies and the bmc, post gst.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wished mumbaikars happy browsing.
;;0.4019;;watch what else is making newsbjp leaders, who cast their votes included party mumbai unit chief ashish shelar, mp poonam mahajan and shaina nc.
;;0.0;;other leaders who were among early voters in mumbai were former cm manohar joshi and mns chief raj thackeray.
;;0.0;;in nagpur, early voters included rss chief mohan bhagwat and union minister nitin gadkari while chief minister devendrafadnavis cast his vote along with wife amruta and mother in citys dharampeth area around 11.
;;-0.4588;;in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
;;-0.4588;;(source: pti photo) in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
;;-0.4588;;in a letter written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, the sena leader said the overall condition of girl students in state-run boarding schools is worsening each passing day.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision on wednesday at a meeting convened to frame policies for cluster farming and double income for farmers.
;;0.25;;emphasising the need to check exploitation of farmers by traders taking advantage of volatile market conditions, fadnavis directed the officials of key departments to work out a draft proposal.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said the objective of the smart city project is to enhance the quality of life of citizens.
;;0.4939;;meanwhile, fadnavis emphasised on strengthening the public transport system for sustainable development.
;;0.7845;;in 2014, when the devendrafadnavis government won power in the state, khade was confident of finding a space in the chief ministers cabinet.
;;0.1531;;alliance politicsadvertisingaccording to sources, shivsangram leader vinayak mete has lost favour with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;his party hasnt been given any representation in the fadnavis government.
;;0.2732;;this hasnt gone down too well with fadnavis, confirmed source.
;;0.0;;if sources are to be believed, the shiv sena was offered the deputy chief ministers post in the fadnavis government.
;;0.0;;most sena ministers in the fadnavis government are members of the upper house.
;;0.1531;;out you gochief minister devendrafadnavis is unhappy with the functioning of the social justice department.
;;0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to inaugurate the restored central hall of the asiatic society library, horniman circle, on sunday.
;;0.836;;through innovative measures like the 3d hologram of the chief minister, we were able to directly engage with people and since it worked out well, we are planning to keep the application running, so that fadnavis can continue speaking to the people, she said.
;;0.0;;dave said that having the cm as the voice of the campaign lent more credibility.
;;0.3919;;before that, he had been elected as an mla in 2004, having contested as an independent upon not getting a congress ticket, but going on to become a supporter of then chief minister vilasrao deshmukh.
;;-0.5267;;ashokraos connection with the people of nanded has also been on the wane, said bhaskarrao khatgaonkar, bjp state vice-president, former congress mp and chavans brother-in-law, who had a bitter falling out with the former cm in recent years.
;;0.5719;;the jalyukt shivar programme for water conservation structures initiated by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and rural development minister pankaja munde are excellent.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , partys state unit chief raosaheb danve, ministers, mlas, mps and officer bearers from across the state will attend the meet, party sources said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has voiced his concerns to the state level bankers committee (slbc).
;;0.0;;a source in nabard said, the cm has sought measures to bridge the infrastructure gap.
;;0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had indicated that the loan waiver was to provide maximum benefit to small, marginal and needy farmers across the board.
;;0.2732;;the cm has directed the committee led by revenue minister chandrakant patil and comprising farmer leaders raju shetti and raghunath patil to evolve a mechanism to ensure the decision benefits the poor and debt-ridden farmers only.
;;0.4215;;express)to give elephanta caves a major facelift, chief minister devendrafadnavis last week approved a rs 344.
;;0.4168;;senior leader narayan rane said, why shouldnt a criminal case be registered against fadnavis for farmers suicides.
;;0.1027;;two years ago, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had set 2019 as the year to make maharashtra tanker-free, vouching for the water conservation and drought-proofing works carried out under the governments flagship jalyukt shivar initiative.
;;-0.25;;refuting the allegations, fadnavis has contended that it was the erratic monsoon this year that led to the water shortage.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting of the bankers association to evolve a mechanism where national and commercial banks with higher capital, and district cooperative banks with poor finances can penetrate rural maharashtra.
;;0.0;;according to fadnavis, of the total 1.
;;0.6597;;at the 135th state level bankers committee (slbc) meeting, fadnavis approved rs 54,220 crore as credit plan for 2017-18, and a term loan of rs 23,000 crore.
;;0.34;;the announcement was made by chief minister devendrafadnavis while replying to a calling attention notice by congress mlc anant gadgil over rising instances of builders giving possession of flats without getting the required oc from urban local bodies.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis year ago, devendrafadnavis took oath as chief minister of the newly elected bharatiya janata party (bjp) government with seven cabinet ministers and two ministers of state at wankhede stadium.
;;-0.1531;;a look at the governments achievements across a few key sectorsindustriesone of the first commitments of the fadnavis government was to cut clearances to set up industries, from 75 to 25.
;;0.0;;industries was a sector where the alliance partners worked hand-in-hand, with fadnavis and industries minister subhash desai of the shiv sena joining hands at international summits to pitch maharashtra to foreign investors.
;;0.0;;long-pending development plans of municipal corporations such as kalyan-dombivali and bhiwandi got approvals, while the chief minister-led urban development department decided to formulate uniform development control regulation.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6808;;to begin with, chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with union civil aviation minister ashok gajapati some days ago to seek support for at least 20 cities and towns for better air connectivity by 2017.
;;0.0;;fadnavis and gajapati worked out the air connectivity plan through the regional air connectivity scheme provided under the national aviation policy.
;;0.6597;;notwithstanding the centres support, fadnavis has also given his nod for state-financed smart cities project.
;;0.4767;;advertisingas reported by the indian express on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared the state revenue departments proposal of surveying the foreshore area on nepean sea road, and giving the land parcel a cadastral survey (cs) number.
;;0.7003;;fadnavis, meanwhile, has clarified: government has only given in-principle approval to the survey the foreshore land and to give cadastral survey number to the land parcel determined as a result of the survey.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday asked district officials in drought-hit parbhani district in the marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers.
;;0.0;;at the district-wise drought review meeting, fadnavis interacted with 37 sarpanchs in parbhani district.
;;-0.4215;;the chief minister has been under attack from congress-ncp leaders for not rising to the challenges of drought and instead focusing on polls tours.
;;0.0;;advertisingan official in the cmo, however, said, even during his election campaign, fadnavis used to hold review meetings to monitor drought measures.
;;0.0;;in the second phase, fadnavis has started meeting village sarpanchs and taluka officials.
;;-0.4404;;pti photoattacking the shiv sena, which is in power in thane municipal corporation (tmc), chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the city has become a hell as it lacks basic amenities and is grappling with corruption and other issues, as those at the helm of affairs here were only interested in commission.
;;0.7003;;addressing a rally here tonight, fadnavis urged people to free the city from dalals (middlemen), builder lobby and corruption by giving votes to bjp, which will transform it into the most modern city in the country.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, mohsins father, mohammed sadiq shaikh, has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking appointment of ujjwal nikam as a public prosecutor to oppose bail petition of the main accused, dhananjay desai.
;;0.2263;;the party-led pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) administration recently came under the lens when bjp mp amar sable sought chief minister devendrafadnavis intervention in the corruption in allotment of road development projects worth rs 425 crore and sought an investigation.
;;-0.3612;;i have pointed out to the cm that there is suspicion of corruption in the road contracts and therefore an investigation should be done in the matter, sable told pune newsline on sunday.
;;0.4939;;the civic chief has already clarified that we have been able to save rs 31 crore.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.1072;;chief minister devendrafadnavis may frequently take to twitter to thank donors to the chief ministers relief fund, but officers handling the fund seem to have little or no clue about the donors themselves.
;;0.6369;;like prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis has been active on social media, especially twitter.
;;-0.3818;;our dream of ban on cow slaughter becomes a reality now, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
;;0.5994;;if this time, they dont contest jointly, it will benefit us more ncp, which was elected to power in 2012 elections with an absolute majority in pimpri-chinchwad, has been rather edgy with the saffron parties, especially the bjp-led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , being all charged up to capture power from ajit pawar-led civic body.
;;0.128;;cm fadnavis promised to meet the taxi union members when they earlier announced a strike during ganesh chaturthi but he did not meet them.
;;0.128;;express photo cm fadnavis promised to meet the taxi union members when they earlier announced a strike during ganesh chaturthi but he did not meet them.
;;-0.5423;;express phototaxi and autorickshaw unions have again threatened a strike, this time from november 10, if chief minister devendrafadnavis does not regulate services of app-based cabs or meet the union members to discuss their demands.
;;0.4019;;now, we will give a memorandum to all political parties, apart from the cm.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday ordered that the shirdi airports terminal building be expanded to accommodate an enhanced passenger traffic.
;;0.2732;;however, as construction of the new building is expected to take two to three years, fadnavis on wednesday ordered that the existing terminal building be expanded as well.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had appointed senior ias officer gautam chatterjee to look into allegations that repeated change in land use norms for the bandra plot was allowed arbitrarily over a period spanning nearly three decades.
;;0.09;;the strike was a resounding success from day one but the core committee formed to negotiate with the government decided to call off the strike early saturday after a late night marathon meeting with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;a delegation of farmers under the aegis of kisan kranti morcha had held a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday to break the impasse.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had in the past pitched for the bullet train to halt at nashik, saying it would boost development of the north maharashtra region, especially its tribal belt.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
;;-0.25;;the announcement that the agitation had ended was made after a three-hour meeting of the aiks with fadnavis at vidhan bhavan, in the presence of congress leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil and ncp leaders dhananjay munde and ajit pawar.
;;-0.8225;;more than 40,000 farmers from across maharashtra covered an arduous 180-km long march to reach the capital city mumbai on sunday to stage a protest outside the state legislature against what they call the devendrafadnavis bjp governments failure to respond to prevailing farm distress.
;;-0.8225;;(express photo by prashant nadkar) more than 40,000 farmers from across maharashtra covered an arduous 180-km long march to reach the capital city mumbai on sunday to stage a protest outside the state legislature against what they call the devendrafadnavis bjp governments failure to respond to prevailing farm distress.
;;0.0;;advertisingin his first assignment as chief secretary, mehta attended meetings convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis to review the drought situation in six districts  pune, sangli, satara, amravati, nagpur and chandrapur.
;;0.0;;on june 5, chief minister devendrafadnavis appointed retired district judge iqbal bohari and 1985-batch ias officer mukesh khullar as members of the regulatory body.
;;-0.7845;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had then ordered a crackdown on the cartel  locally known as the golden gang  after four sitting corporators were jailed following the suicide of a top realtor, suraj parmar.
;;0.4549;;watch what else is in the newsyet with elections to the local municipal corporation now underway, the issue has been given short-shrift in the campaigns of most political parties, including the bjp led by fadnavis.
;;-0.2263;;local bjp mla sanjay kelkar, who had earlier written to fadnavis demanding action against the golden gang, conceded that there was a need to do much more and faster.
;;0.1901;;in their local election rallies, star campaigners including fadnavis, sharad pawar and uddhav thackeray have all promised a corruption-free city but skirted mention of the organised syndicate.
;;-0.6124;;(representational image) (representational image)an officer on special duty (osd) to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis fell victim to a cyber crime last week when a man created a fake profile in her name on facebook and claimed that she offered him money to influence his opinion of the cm.
;;0.0;;nidhi kamdar (30), osd for social media to fadnavis, noticed on june 3 that a person named dev gaikwad had posted a screenshot of an alleged facebook conversation with kamdar on his facebook account in which she allegedly offers him money.
;;0.0772;;in gaikwads post, a message allegedly from kamdars profile, read, give me your account number and i expect that within 24 hours, your opinion of maharashtras chief minister devendrafadnavis will change.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis named ashwini joshi mumbais new additional municipal commissioner on wednesday.
;;-0.4767;;joshis sudden transfer from the excise commissioners post was earlier blamed on her alleged fallout with two senior ministers in the fadnavis government.
;;0.0;;advertisingbhosale joined the bjp at shahs residence in delhi, where chief minister devendrafadnavis , bjp state chief chandrakant patil and water resources minister girish mahajan were also present.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had accompanied bhosale to delhi in a chartered plane.
;;-0.1779;;when pointed out that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already spoken of bringing in a bill to allow the bullock cart races, landge said we want the bill to be brought in the first week of the current session itself, as village jatras (rural fairs) are beginning and people are being denied of the races.
;;0.0;;while political observers describe it as a mini-vidhan sabha polls, the outcome is being equated as a referendum on the bjp led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7964;;on tuesday morning after casting his vote, fadnavis exuded confidence about his party doing well in the elections.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis monday sprung a surprise when he announced the name of vikas mahatme, a leading ophthalmologist from his hometown nagpur, as a candidate for the rajya sabha elections due next month.
;;-0.128;;immediately after devendrafadnavis took over as the cm, mahatme had organised a dhangar rally in nagpur to press for the demand.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis, who was the chief guest at the rally, had reiterated his governments commitment to keep the election promise, which, however, has remained unfulfilled so far.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken following a recent meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis , union minister hardip singh puri, bmc chief praveen pardeshi and representatives of naredco, mchi and peata.
;;0.0258;;following this, she approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , who asked for a probe in the matter.
;;0.5994;;a delegation of senior ncp leaders from western maharashtra, led by party chief sharad pawar, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday to discuss the flood situation in the region and demanded further relief from the government for flood-affected people.
;;0.3612;;i had promised them that i would meet the cm and apprise him of their demands.
;;0.0;;we were once again told by shelar that our file will be presented to chief minister devendrafadnavis but that it will take time.
;;0.6486;;to a query if he would mediate between the two parties ahead of the lok sabha and maharashtra polls next year, gadkari said he was too busy with his ministerial work in delhi and that chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp chief raosaheb danve were capable of handling the situation.
;;0.0;;i know fadnavis since his childhood.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had on june 24 announced the loan waiver of rs 34,022 crore after a state-wide agitation by farmers earlier last month.
;;0.5574;;even as the state reels under an acute-water scarcity like situation, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government was committed to provide drinking water to the people.
;;0.5719;;stating that the backlog in agriculture pump connections in vidarbha and marathwada regions has been completely removed, fadnavis lauded the success of the jalyukta shivar scheme.
;;0.4019;;last week, ncps mumbai unit chief sachin ahir had quit the party and joined the shiv sena.
;;0.3612;;opposition leaders like ncps maharashtra president jayant patil, mns chief raj thackeray and farmer leader raju shetti held deliberations in mumbai.
;;0.0;;reacting to pawars allegations, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday called it baseless.
;;-0.5267;;a farmer committed suicide even as chief minister devendrafadnavis visited chandrapur, he said.
;;-0.8674;;narayan rane, fellow congress leader, said the fadnavis government suspended opposition mlas from the assembly for creating a ruckus, but when fadnavis was in the opposition, he used to demand registration of murder cases against the government for farmer suicides.
;;0.0;;gandhi has written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis asking him to fill the vacancies in the informationcommission in the state.
;;0.0;;these are not being filled despite repeated reminders, gandhi stated in his letter to fadnavis.
;;0.3612;;union minister for finance, corporate affairs and defence, arun jaitley is greeted by chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
;;0.3612;;(source: pti) union minister for finance, corporate affairs and defence, arun jaitley is greeted by chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis at a meeting in new delhi on friday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis led a delegation of senior bjp and shiv sena ministers and elected members to meet union finance minister arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh in new delhi, friday.
;;-0.3182;;the participation of the shiv sena in the delegation indicated that fadnavis is trying to diffuse the conflict among the alliance partners ahead of the state budget 2017-18 presentation on saturday.
;;-0.6486;;the sena, along with the congress and ncp, had threatened to block the state budget unless their demand of crop loan waiver was accepted by fadnavis.
;;0.0772;;at the meeting, fadnavis gave details about the states agriculture status and challenges.
;;0.0;;sena ministers eknath shinde, subash desai, ramdas kadam and diwakar raote, along with sena elected members, accompanied fadnavis to delhi.
;;0.4019;;shinde said, fadnavis has taken the initiative to seek the centres help.
;;-0.1779;;talks with chief minister devendrafadnavis and minister of state sadashiv khot have failed to resolve the situation.
;;-0.836;;top bjp leaders, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , expressed grief and shock over the ministers death.
;;0.2263;;gst will ensure a single tax,, said fadnavis (express file photo)amid a nationwide outrage over rising fuel prices, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday pitched for bringing petrol and diesel under the purview of gst, saying it would ensure reduction of rates.
;;-0.0644;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , in his condolence message, said, i am saddened by the demise of former maharashtra dgp suryakantji jog, not only known for good policing but also for his work on water conservation.
;;-0.802;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had on thursday blamed the opposition for fuelling the crisis, invited the core committee members of the kkm for talks.
;;0.0;;government officials said that the meeting between the two sides was scheduled to take place at chief ministers residence in south mumbai around 11.
;;0.4019;;to counter the allegations, the fadnavis government, meanwhile, has taken to projecting the various measures it has taken to boost farm productivity.
;;0.6486;;the farmers should continue the stir till a full loan waiver and the other demands are fulfilled, said pawar, while chavan slammed fadnavis for suggesting that the strike was politically motivated.
;;0.0;;claiming that maharashtra had progressed industrially, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the state has been able to get maximum investments in industrial sector and generated maximum employment in the country during his five-year tenure.
;;0.0772;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday appointed former additional chief secretary gautam chatterjee as the chairman of the newly formed real estate regulatory authority.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis, meanwhile, appointed a serving bureaucrat, dr vijay satbir singh, as one of the members of the authority.
;;0.0;;the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
;;0.0;;(file) the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
;;0.0;;previously, the directives had reportedly come late in the day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had dashed to the constituency to address election rallies on the last day of the campaign.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wasnt available for comment.
;;-0.1531;;the chief election commissioner o p rawat told the indian express, there was some complaint but i am not aware of the exact details.
;;0.4019;;to speed up projects under the phase iii of mumbai urban transport projects (mutp-3), mumbai railway vikas corporation (mrvc) officials on monday briefed chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue and sought the state governments help in acquiring land for various projects.
;;0.2263;;the cm reportedly has assured officials that all land problems will be solved within a month.
;;0.8519;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has set a great example by opening the assembly premises for farmers markets and assuring the availability of school/college premises during holidays.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , commenting on the maratha morcha, had said, the government is committed to maratha reservation in education and employment.
;;0.3612;;the speculation of early polls in maharashtra resurfaced after chief minister devendrafadnavis statement on wednesday that the bjp is ready to face mid-term elections.
;;-0.4767;;although cm fadnavis ignored the comment, bjp leaders said, supriya sules comment is an outcome of the restlessness of a party that has lost power.
;;-0.4767;;although cm fadnavis ignored the comment, bjp leaders said, supriya sules comment is an outcome of the restlessness of a party that has lost power.
;;-0.5267;;the bjp on friday said ncp mp supriya sules attack against chief minister devendrafadnavis was to get to the political centre stage and it exposed a power tussle within their organisation.
;;0.0;;sule, at a function last week, had commented how fadnavis often loses his cool.
;;-0.4767;;although fadnavis ignored the comment, bjp leaders said, sules comment is an outcome of the restlessness of a party that has lost power.
;;0.0;;on saturday, chief minister devendrafadnavis will hold a roadshow in pune as a part of his mahajanadesh yatra.
;;-0.296;;nitin gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) june 12, 2018maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis hailed the spiritual guru for his contribution to upliftment of the deprived sections in the state, saying farmers and tribals were at the centre of bhaiyyu maharajs activities.
;;-0.4404;;am part of mourning of his big family and followers, the chief minister tweeted.
;;0.5859;;in a bid to curb the rising number of farmer suicides and to find out whether the government schemes are actually reaching the farmer families, a special one-man team  on the directives of chief minister devendrafadnavis  sunday began a stock-taking mission in the drought-hit marathwada region.
;;-0.886;;(file photo)minister of state for social justice and empowerment ramdas athawale has cancelled his visit to kopardi to meet the family of the maratha girl who was allegedly raped and murdered by youths belonging to the dalit community after requests by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and threats from local maratha leaders.
;;0.0;;however, he said that he called off the visit after chief minister devendrafadnavis advised him against it.
;;0.2584;;almost immediately after the 2014 lok sabha polls, the shiv sena and particularly its chief uddhav thackeray, began to feel that they were being sidelined, if not humiliated.
;;-0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , obviously under instructions, offered relatively insignificant portfolios to the sena.
;;0.7783;;even when a major portfolio like industry was given to the sena, it was made clear to the party that the final decisions rested with the cm.
;;-0.4019;;in fact, several sena politicians began to openly hobnob with chief minister fadnavis, ignoring their own leader uddhav thackeray.
;;0.7003;;around six months ago, when the modi government was celebrating its first anniversary in power, it began to be strongly rumoured that the congress, the ncp and shiv sena would come together to form a working alliance and topple the fadnavis government in maharashtra.
;;-0.296;;i had a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis and he said there was no evidence of bhides involvement in the clashes.
;;-0.3612;;b'faced with criticism over delays in disposal of cases by power sector regulator maharashtra electricity regulatory commission (merc), chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday cleared the appointment of retired district judge iqbal bohari and 1985-batch ias officer mukesh khullar as members of the regulatory body.
;;-0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday expressed grief at the demise of veteran bjp leader and former union finance minister arun jaitley.
;;0.5859;;fadnavis, who addressed public rallies at malkapur, khamgaon and shegaon in buldhana district of vidarbha as a part of his mahajanadesh yatra, remembered jaitley as a brilliant, world-class lawyer.
;;0.5267;;after delivering a landslide victory for the bjp in the lok sabha polls in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has now turned his focus on winning a second term in office.
;;-0.5994;;advertisingwith the assembly polls due in october, fadnavis on monday convened a war room meeting to review the ongoing irrigation projects for maharashtra and big-ticket transport infrastructure projects for urban areas.
;;0.3612;;the chief minister is keen to start construction work (for the mumbai end) immediately after monsoon, a senior official said.
;;0.5267;;fadnavis also gave a go-ahead to use the swiss challenge method to hold the bidding for the ambitious hyperloop project between pune and mumbai.
;;0.3612;;keen to perform bhoomipujan (groundbreaking ceremony) for a 10-kilometre test track for the project in july, fadnavis on monday directed officials to fast-track the process.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has now set a december-2019 deadline for the commissioning of the dahisar-dn nagar metro line and dahisar east-andheri east metro line.
;;0.0772;;the congress on tuesday trained its guns on chief minister devendrafadnavis , alleging that the cm-led mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) had tweaked the process for the appointment of contractors for a rs 914 crore project related to the mumbai metro rail construction.
;;0.6908;;devendra fadnavis on thursday thanked prime minister narendra modi for having faith in him and going against caste equations to make him the chief minister of maharashtra in 2014.
;;0.25;;in 2014, modis decision to put fadnavis at the helm had created a flutter as he belonged to the brahmin community, which has a votebank of not more than 3.
;;0.7269;;read | maharashtras turn to make use of fadnavis leadership qualities, says pmadvertisingmaintaining that the support he has received from the people during his mahajanadesh yatra was very humbling, fadnavis said, two projects still remain to be accomplished related to making every village water reliant.
;;0.0;;at the end of the three-phased yatra, the cm has travelled 4,092 km, covering 140 assembly constituencies across vidarbha, marathwada, western maharashtra, north maharashtra and konkan.
;;0.0;;i also joined the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis along with shah rukh khan and other guests at a ceo roundtable in the maharashtra lounge to launch the fintech policy for the state.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis visited several ganesh mandals in the city.
;;0.0;;advertisingcommenting on the governments emphasis on women plank in the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis said,  women empowerment is central to the development of any civilised society.
;;-0.7003;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday visited police personnel injured in the gadchiroli naxal attack, at a private hospital here.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis, accompanied by guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule, special inspector general (anti-naxal operations), sharad shelar and nagpur police commissioner k venkatesham, met these jawans in the hospital around 11.
;;0.0;;the cm also spoke with doctors attending on these jawans, a press release from the district information office (dio) said.
;;0.0;;(express photo)senior ips officer satish mathur has been appointed as the new police chief of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has appointed satish mathur (1981 ips batch) as the next director general of police of maharashtra, k p bakshi, acs home, told pti.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis makes an aerial survey of flood hit areas in raigad, maharashtra on wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis makes an aerial survey of flood hit areas in raigad, maharashtra on wednesday.
;;-0.8176;;(source: pti)shiv sena on saturday took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
;;0.4019;;also, if the cm really wants to understand the situation of roads and bridges in the state and conduct a proper audit,he, along with other ministers need to shun planes and helicopters while touring the state, the party said in an editorial in its mouthpiece saamana.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed the authorities to expedite the planning to facilitate its execution by october-november 2016.
;;-0.2263;;taking the initiative, fadnavis on friday held interactions with elected members representing parliament and state assembly to elicit their views and also dispel apprehensions related to the project which would require acquisition of 20,000 hectares of land as it navigates through more than ten districts including nagpur, wardha, buldhana, amravati, thane, washim, mumbai, bhiwandi, aurangabad and akola.
;;0.6597;;fadnavis appealed all political parties to support the project for changing lives of people through development.
;;-0.4588;;since gavit is staring at defeat, chief minister devendrafadnavis , his uttar pradesh counterpart yogi adityanath, and the central and state ministers are camping in palghar, he said.
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis and modi betrayed the peoples trust, the congress leader charged.
;;0.4576;;fadnavis is more interested in gujarats development than that of palghar, he alleged.
;;-0.6808;;now, the two key architects of the partys victory in the civic polls  mla laxman jagtap and mahesh landge  too seemed rather upset after they were apparently snubbed by chief minister devendrafadnavis over the nominations of co-opted corporators.
;;-0.25;;the protesting leaders said sable and patwardhan had recommended nair and thorat and had managed to get them through cooperative minister chandrakant patil, who is considered close to cm and district guardian minister girish bapat.
;;0.743;;on whether he had managed to stage the coup right under the nose of the likes of jagtap and landge, sable smiled and reiterated that the final decision was taken by the cm.
;;-0.296;;on whether he felt let down by the cm, jagtap refused to comment.
;;0.0;;the landge camp is likely to approach the cm, to apprise him of the brewing dissention among local leaders.
;;0.0;;kamtekar added that since there were too many claimants, it was left to the cm to take the final call.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to downsize the portfolios of heavyweight cabinet ministers during the cabinet expansion to be held in june.
;;-0.7269;;the centre has already given consent to the cm, who has been firefighting after his ministers got into trouble over allegations ranging from corruption charges to violation of norms.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp functionary said, last week, fadnavis discussed his concerns with cabinet colleagues.
;;0.4019;;according to sources, while fadnavis did issue a clean chit to his senior-most colleague khadse, there was an underlying note that they would have to mend fences.
;;-0.431;;it has said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wears a smiling mask on his face all the time, but his real face comes out when he sneers at farmers woes.
;;0.0;;almost two years after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, district central cooperative banks (dccbs) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme.
;;0.2732;;talking about his home state devendrafadnavis said we in maharashtra had successive drought for four years.
;;0.2732;;(file) talking about his home state devendrafadnavis said we in maharashtra had successive drought for four years.
;;-0.867;;(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday termed as unfortunate the killing of five people in police firing during a farmers agitation in madhya pradesh, but said very grave situation there necessitated police action.
;;0.5859;;however, fadnavis hailed the steps taken by mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan to improve farm production in his state during his over a decade-long rule.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is in kerala to participate in events organised by the state unit of the bjp to mark the narendra modi governments three years at the centre.
;;-0.6705;;fadnavis also hit out at kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan over alleged political killings in the state.
;;0.4939;;company officials signed the mou in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , industries minister subhash desai and minister of state for industries atul save, principal secretary to chief minister bhushan gagrani, secretary (industries) harshadeep kamble and maharashtra industrial development corporation ceo p anbalagan.
;;0.0;;(file photo)with the opposition, along with ally shiv sena, turning up the heat on the bjp-led state government over farm loans, chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said a finance secretary had been deputed to study the waiver model in uttar pradesh.
;;0.0516;;the fadnavis government has been trying to get around announcing a waiver by stressing on how it has already made investments of rs 26,000 crore through various irrigation and agriculture schemes to help farmers.
;;0.7717;;(file)despite strong objections raised by the shiv sena-led mumbai municipality and the states urban development (ud) department, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday approved a proposal to make the state-run maharashtra housing area development authority (mhada) the planning authority for the 114 layouts it owns in the countrys commercial capital.
;;0.0;;fadnavis gave a formal nod to the proposal friday, said sources.
;;0.0;;pointing a finger at the mumbai municipality for inordinate delays in the approvals process for mhada layouts in mumbai, the mhadas chief executive officer, milind mhaiskar, had first approached the ud department with the proposal in january.
;;0.6124;;on march 31, 2018, the municipalitys chief engineer (development plan) sanjay darade had written to the government, cautioning that any such move would not be in the interest of comprehensive development of mumbai.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , pune guardian minister chandrakant patil, mayor mukta tilak, district collector naval kishore ram and sspu vice chancellor nitin karmalkar, among others, were present at the event.
;;0.0;;30 am in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the government, however, has stated it would consider the proposal, with chief minister devendrafadnavis asking the cultural affairs department to look into the request and submit a proposal regarding it.
;;0.5106;;the community has an equally strong presence in chief minister devendrafadnavis cabinet.
;;0.0;;its not just that devendrafadnavis is a brahmin  only the second brahmin to lead the state since 1960.
;;0.0;;this explains why the bjps state unit chief, raosaheb danve, has made it a point to mark his presence at maratha rallies.
;;0.128;;there are primarily two reasons for this: first, the fadnavis government is systematically demolishing the fiefds held till now by various maratha strongmen.
;;0.3182;;to checkmate them, the fadnavis government made directors responsible for banks sickness ineligible to contest bank elections for seven years.
;;0.3818;;addressing the media, nirupam said: chief minister devendrafadnavis has facilitated amendments in the tender process to promote only five contractors for the project.
;;0.7906;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like mns and aimim to the background.
;;0.4019;;the outcome in asias largest civic body, run by the shiv sena with the bjps support for the last two decades, will decide the fate of the devendrafadnavis government.
;;-0.1531;;the bjp has its eyes set on gaining power in bmc, one of worlds largest city bodies with an annual budget of over rs 37,000 crore, undeterred by senas threat of pulling the plug on the state government, which its chief put on notice period shortly after the campaign took off.
;;0.0;;rss chief mohan bhagwat, chief minister fadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari cast their votes in nagpur.
;;0.0;;advertisingin his written reply to a calling attention motion, chief minister devendrafadnavis , also the home minister, informed members that the 46 deaths had taken place between 2012 and 2017.
;;0.0;;union surface transport minister nitin gadkari, who arrived at the vidhan bhavan in nagpur friday amid the ongoing session of the state legislature, has defended chief minister devendrafadnavis suggestion to set up a pm-led committee for development of mumbai.
;;-0.2263;;slamming the state for its decision to deposit compensation for the flood-affected people in their bank accounts, the congress on saturday wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding that the people be given cash.
;;-0.7964;;the man was detained in maharashtras ralegan siddhi (ani/twitter) the man was detained in maharashtras ralegan siddhi (ani/twitter)a man was detained on saturday by police at ralegan siddhi during maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to the village.
;;0.0;;ani reported that the man was trying to move closer to fadnavis who was there for an inauguration event.
;;-0.5859;;the strike eventually began the day after a failed meeting with the cm on may 30.
;;-0.5859;;(source: pti) the strike eventually began the day after a failed meeting with the cm on may 30.
;;-0.5859;;(source: pti)on june 2, the day after maharashtras farmers went on strike, a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver announced by the government was followed by an announcement that the strike was being called off by a five-member core committee of agitating farmers, who had just met chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis denied any pressure was put on the committee members.
;;-0.5859;;the strike eventually began the day after a failed meeting with the cm on may 30.
;;0.4019;;bjp corporators in the pune municipal corporation (pmc) and office-bearers of the party would be leading these lectures, said yogesh gogawale, convenor of the series and chief of bjps city unit.
;;0.0;;during the meeting, bjp corporators, wearing saffron turbans, talked about the life and achievements of the maratha king, while thanking chief minister devendrafadnavis for proposing to set aside the land in chandni chowk for the memorial.
;;-0.128;;during the ongoing farmers strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis , while expressing concern about dairy farmers, had said: the government believes they deserve higher remuneration.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , bjp state unit chief raosaheb danve and other party leaders were also present at the meet held at tatas residence in south mumbai.
;;0.0;;on his arrival, this afternoon, shah had a brief meeting with fadnavis, danve, state minister vinod tawde and organisation secretary vijay puranik at rangsharda in suburban bandra.
;;-0.7003;;the aircraft accident investigation bureau (aaib) committee, probing the chopper crash of chief minister devendrafadnavis at latur last month submitted its preliminary report on the case last week.
;;0.6705;;in may, the sikorsky chopper of fadnavis carrying four other members of his team crash-landed at a school play ground in nilanga where he was conducting an inspection of drought relief measures.
;;0.0;;though the elections to civic bodies are often pitched on the local issues such as drinking water, roads and garbage, chief minister devendrafadnavis made the mega projects costing rs 10 lakh crore an integral part of the civic polls across mumbai, thane, ulhasnagar, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amaravati, nagpur and nashik.
;;-0.4767;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)in the last two financial years between 2015 and 2017, the state government has achieved only 25 to 30 per cent of the set target for rural housing for the landless and poor.
;;0.0772;;while reckoning the challenges in the housing sectors both urban and rural, chief minister devendrafadnavis intends to raise the project target and set completion dateline every three months.
;;0.0;;earlier, at a function, fadnavis in presence of prime minister narendra modi in nagpur had said, the state government intends to attain housing for all in both urban and rural areas by year 2021.
;;-0.25;;affirming that the maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday alleged that some political leaders are milking the ongoing agitation.
;;-0.6444;;fadnavis inherited a weak fiscal situation and the agrarian distress, and hence the opposition congress-ncp cannot blame him for the same, naidu added.
;;0.6369;;fadnavis, however, ruled out speaking with those seeking to make political gains and said he would talk only with true farmer leaders.
;;0.4019;;while still in opposition, chief minister devendrafadnavis was a vocal opponent of the previous congress-nationalist congress party governments move of omitting details regarding the utilisation of actual irrigation potential from the economic survey report (esr).
;;0.0;;advertisingnow in power, the fadnavis government, too, has been skirting the issue, which had rocked the previous regime.
;;0.0;;six buses from the state government were received and added to the fleet on february 9 in presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.4215;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
;;0.8807;;veteran journalist vinod dua will be honoured with the redink award for lifetime achievement in journalism while raj kamal jha, chief editor of the indian express, will receive the journalist of the year award for 2017.
;;0.8779;;the awards, part of the national redink awards for excellence in journalism and instituted by the mumbai press club, will be presented by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at a ceremony in mumbai on june 7.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis bharatiya janata party for the first time finds itself in the reckoning as a major political force in the bmc, taking on the shiv sena on home turf.
;;0.0;;the bjp is relying on the development plank under the leadership of fadnavis.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was speaking here friday after inaugurating the countrys first multi-modal electric vehicle project and ola electric charging station, in the presence of union minister nitin gadkari.
;;-0.1027;;earlier too, fadnavis had questioned bihars dna.
;;-0.4019;;fadnavis should withdraw his statement regarding patna and apologise, nirupam demanded adding that cms comments have hurt people from the region.
;;-0.4767;;yesterday, addressing a rally in mumbai, fadnavis accused uddhav thackerays party of destroying the metropolis, and claimed that in terms of development, mumbai now stood in the same league with patna (mumbai ka vikas dekho kitna hua.
;;-0.4019;;he also questioned chief minister devendrafadnavis about the lack of government jobs and fewer vacant seats this year.
;;0.4939;;slamming opposition parties for politicising the floods in western maharashtra, the shiv sena on monday accused ncp chief sharad pawar and his party of turning flood-affected people against the government.
;;0.0258;;advertisingin an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the sena said chief minister devendrafadnavis was on bjps mahajanadesh yatra when the flood situation became grave.
;;-0.4404;;there was criticism that chief minister was accompanied by a few ministers and members of the state administration.
;;-0.34;;then, sharad pawar was the chief minister and entire state, leaving aside caste, religion and party differences had stood behind pawar in facing the national disaster.
;;0.3182;;advertisingwhen congress leaders like nana patole demanded to register cases against chief minister and his cabinet colleagues for ignoring the flood situation, it raises questions over his wisdom.
;;-0.4767;;the sena defended fadnavis, who has been under attack over his handling of the floods.
;;0.0;;prabhu also said he had detailed discussion with chief minister devendrafadnavis and with the co-ordination of the state government, his ministry was moving ahead with the integrated transportation system.
;;0.34;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis this evening welcomed the release of indian solider chandu chavan, who hails from dhule district of north maharashtra.
;;0.0;;, the cm tweeted.
;;0.3818;;during the 1995 shiv sena-led government, though credit is given to nitin gadkari for construction of 55 flyovers in the city, manohar joshi was the chief minister then.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that an alliance with the sena for the bmc polls will be on their conditions.
;;0.7618;;b'if the alliance between the bjp and sena would not have broken before the assembly polls, maharashtra would have had a chief minister from the sena party says eknath khadse, while alleging that he was responsible for breaking up the tie.
;;0.7618;;if the alliance between the bjp and sena would not have broken before the assembly polls, maharashtra would have had a chief minister from the sena party says eknath khadse, while alleging that he was responsible for breaking up the tie.
;;0.5994;;the former minister also took pot shots at chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying he (khadse) was responsible for the bjp heading the saffron alliance in the state now by taking the bold step of snapping ties with sena before the last assembly polls.
;;0.3724;;watch video: whats making newsif the alliance between the bjp and sena would not have broken before the assembly polls, maharashtra would have had a chief minister of the sena.
;;0.0;;the fadnavis government had ordered a judicial probe into the allegations, which khadse had stoutly refuted as baseless.
;;0.3565;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (express file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (express file photo)pledging to wipe out corruption from the shiv sena-ruled bmc, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said, we dont want power in bmc to run our house or party.
;;0.0;;we have noted that with august 2 as the deadline, all farmers will not be able to avail of the insurance scheme, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also spoke tounion ministers at the centre and sought the extension for the crop insurance scheme.
;;-0.1027;;a group of water and irrigation sector experts had earlier written to chief minister devendrafadnavis opposing the project and questioning whether it was warranted at all.
;;-0.1779;;people will teach the congress-ncp the lesson of their lives in the upcoming assembly elections, said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was referring to the two parties arrogance despite facing a rout in the lok sabha elections.
;;0.0;;travelling through the districts of yavatmal, washim and akola, spanning 157 km and covering three assembly constituencies, fadnavis held public rallies and roadshows.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis did not spare the ncp as well.
;;0.4213;;the cm has focused on presenting the agenda of development throughout the tour but has not stopped himself from taking potshots at the opposition.
;;0.2732;;also read: amid cabinet reshuffle buzz, fadnavis, gadkari meet bhagwatinterestingly, in nagpur, the headquarters of the rss, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as union minister nitin gadkari separately met with organisation chief mohan bhagwat.
;;0.3818;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said while the bjp would make all efforts to take along all its nda partners in the 2019 elections, the party should stay prepared if the shiv sena decides to go it alone.
;;0.0;;nagpur is the hometown of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.4019;;the devendrafadnavis government on wednesday presented a revenue deficit interim budget of rs 19,784 crore before the state assembly, while allotting rs 9,566 crore for the irrigation sector, with a focus on vidarbha and marathwada and the drought-hit regions.
;;-0.1779;;after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
;;0.7096;;earlier, chief minister devendrafadnavis had convened a meeting of party members, along with top police officers, to discuss security concerns.
;;0.2263;;during the pmrda meeting on monday, which was chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , authorities had tabled the proposal to allow them to implement town planning scheme for ambegaon khurd, yeolewadi, uruli devachi and phursungi, citing the proposed ringroad passing through these areas is to be developed by the pmrda.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;express photo maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;express photoalthough maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier hinted that the state cabinet would be expanded this week, sources in the bjp now say that it is mostly likely to take place in the first week of july.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had indicated that the cabinet would be expanded this week.
;;0.0;;a day after the state election commission announced dates for elections to municipal corporations in mumbai and nine other cities, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said a pre-poll alliance with the shiv sena will not be driven by a seat-sharing formula but guided by prime minister narendra modis politics of parivartan (transformation).
;;0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)basking in bjps success in the civic and zilla parishad polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday paid floral tributes to chhatrapati shivaji maharaj at the raigad fort this morning.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday approved a budget of rs 6,976.
;;-0.128;;on march 22, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced in the state assembly that the government had started the process for setting up a separate police commissionerate in pimpri-chinchwad  a demand made over a decade ago.
;;0.1779;;their agitation ended with chief minister devendrafadnavis assuring that his government would resolve their grievances regarding pending claims and appeals within six months.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.802;;taking a step forward towards the development of kalyan-dombivli as a smart city and unveiled the governments plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said, smart cities cannot be a reality unless it is adequately backed by smart planning.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis also appealed all political parties to unite in the mart cities mission.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
;;0.6808;;(source: file) chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
;;0.6808;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thanked dr judin bin abdul karim, president, cidb holdings, for partnering with the state government to boost its road infrastructure.
;;0.0;;its a pathbreaking project that will bridge distances and usher in economic prosperity in rural maharashtra, said fadnavis.
;;0.8957;;on monday, chief minister vijay rupani, inaugurating a bjp abhyas varg  held at the bochanwasi akshar purushottam swaminarayan temple in sarangpur of botad district, said, the recent up win of the bjp has shown how much love and faith people have in narendra modi.
;;0.0;;now, civic chief has headed to counting centre where lottery will be done.
;;0.0772;;5:59 pm: in election it happens that we loose and win: fadnavis on pankaja mundes resignation.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis at bjp office in dadar.
;;0.0;;express photo by pradip das maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis at bjp office in dadar.
;;0.0772;;5:49 pm: theres a tie for number one spot, says fadnavis.
;;0.7003;;5:45 pm: thanks for supporting our agenda, says fadnavis.
;;0.3612;;5:35 pm: i thank people of maharashtra, its an unprecedented victory, says fadnavis.
;;0.0;;4:51 pm: chief minister devendrafadnavis to address press conference at bjps dadar office in a few minutes.
;;0.4019;;45 pm: dont be hasty, says shiv senadiwakar raote, shiv sena minister: party chief will take a call on post election coalition.
;;0.3182;;51 pm: former chief minister of maharashtra and prominent sena leader manohar joshi has arrived at matoshree1.
;;-0.4767;;47 pm: swapnil tembawalkar is the candidate who defeated bjp mumbai chief ashish shelars brother in ward 5112.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis also promised in situ rehabilitation of 50,000 slum-dwellers in the mumbai airport area.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will select the next guardian minister of pune, he said.
;;0.128;;watch what else is making news:he was addressing the reporters here after a meeting of maratha arakshan samiti, also attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , co-operation minister chandrakant patil, pwd minister eknath shinde, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil, ncp leader ajit pawar, legal experts and principal secretaries of various departments.
;;0.0;;he also said fadnavis today took a review of the evidence to be submitted and the way in which lawyers would present the governments case.
;;0.6369;;efficient waste management systems and cleaner transport facilities were the top agenda, said svedling who engaged in a policy dialogue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and environment minister ramdas kadam.
;;0.0;;when asked, kamble said he would take up with the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and also ask for representation from the centre.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe cabinet meeting was chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who said the project would be carried out in two phases and completed in six-eight years.
;;0.5574;;however, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray recently, is reported to have said that the talks were positive.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said his government will optimise technology to take benefits of medical treatment to the poor and people living in rural areas.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis also spoke about the ill effects of modern lifestyle; the challenges it poses and stressed the importance of traditional support systems within family and society.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is expected to visit the facility to inaugurate the training sessions later this month.
;;-0.25;;amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
;;0.0;;to that, fadnavis responded by saying she needs to attend it since as a senior minister, she would be representing the maharashtra government.
;;-0.0772;;also read: reshuffle: pankaja munde tweets she wont attend wls 2016, fadnavis says she mustwhile we in india are used to twitter arguments between public officials and celebrities, a chief minister and a minister discussing their work schedule on the internet is certainly new.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe statement comes a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the state government wants asias biggest first green oil refinery to come up at nanar in ratnagiri district in the konkan region.
;;0.4019;;the sena chief will make a statement on it, said a party leader.
;;0.0;;the 11-day devendra to narendra asud yatra (hunter procession), organised by prahaar sanghatana of independent mla bachhu kadu and shetkari sanghatana, will cover several districts of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;kadu, who represents achlapur constituency in amravati district, said the yatra had started at the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis and would culminate at vadnagar in gujarat, the birthplace of prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.6249;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday stressed that fresh crop loans for the ensuing kharif season should be handed over to farmers on a mission mode to ensure that most small and marginal farmers find a place in the institutional credit mechanism.
;;-0.5574;;(file)shiv sena leader and minister of state for housing, ravindra waikar, who is facing allegations of illegal constructions and land grab, on wednesday said permission for construction are given by the urban development department being helmed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the new policy comes after directives from chief minister devendrafadnavis to focus on water management and maintenance of the irrigation projects.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis has emphasised the significance of water management.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has repeatedly urged to scale the existing infrastructure through high maintenance for water management.
;;0.5994;;(express photo)amid talks of shiv sena and congress moving a no-confidence motion against municipal commissioner ajoy mehta over the pothole issue, the civic chief has given a fresh deadline of october 17 to officials and engineers to ensure that roads across the city are repaired urgently.
;;0.1779;;phanse, supported by corporators from all parties, had said the civic chief had failed to repair the potholes in the city despite several reminders, including one from chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.5106;;the committee members had rejected the report submitted by chief engineer of the roads department sanjay darade, which did not detail action taken specifically to repair potholes.
;;0.6705;;giving a clean chit to the senior bjp leader, chief minister devendrafadnavis urged the party cadre to aggressively take on those defaming khadse and the bjp.
;;0.0;;b'the cm was the chief guest at the event.
;;0.0;;(kevin dsouza) the cm was the chief guest at the event.
;;0.0;;(kevin dsouza)mobile ticketing will change the way mumbai travels, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday while speaking at the fourth anniversary celebrations of mumbai metro one.
;;0.6124;;a day after they called off their strike earlier scheduled for tuesday, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured autorickshaw unions that the government would be taking steps in their interest.
;;0.7845;;after the meeting, rao said, we have full faith in chief minister devendrafadnavis , who personally met with the union representatives assurance of setting up a committee will help those in need.
;;-0.128;;a meeting with fadnavis later on monday evening, however, had led rao to call off the strike.
;;-0.4939;;recently, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year, which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought.
;;-0.5719;;amid indications that chief minister devendrafadnavis is set to accommodate former leader of opposition in the assembly, radhakrisna vikhe-patil, and former ncp minister jaidutt kshirsagar in his cabinet, both the congress and the ncp are taking measures to avoid further defections, confirmed sources.
;;0.296;;mohite-patils father vijaysinh mohite-patil, a former deputy cm, is also expected to join the bjp soon.
;;0.5542;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was quite a sought-after vip at the wedding reception of bjp president amit shahs son on sunday.
;;-0.34;;and when one of them struggled with his camera phone, fadnavis even took the phone and figured out what needed to be done to click the selfie.
;;0.0772;;it was in 2016 when chief minister devendrafadnavis had first declared plans to formulate the new policy after a controversy had broken out over one such allotment in the suburbs of mumbai to a trust backed by a sitting bjp parliamentarian.
;;0.296;;when contacted, bjp spokesperson keshav upadhaye said patil will join the bjp in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai today.
;;0.0;;patils aides said the former minister was in touch directly with chief minister fadnavis, whom he had also invited to his booklaunch.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said on thursday that floodwater is expected to recede faster in the affected western maharashtra districts with karna-taka agreeing to release more water from the almatti dam.
;;0.2732;;advertisingkarnataka agreed to release five lakh cusec of water from almatti dam in north karnataka, located downstream on the krishna river, after fadnavis spoke to his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;-0.1531;;fadnavis on thursday chaired a review meeting at kolhapur and also conducted an aerial survey of the affected areas.
;;-0.1531;;those affected will get financial assistance along with foodgrain, and a compensation of rs 5 lakh will be given to the kin of the deceased, the cm added.
;;0.0;;following this, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that bjp was considering to field wangas family members for the bypoll.
;;0.4019;;gavit, a tribal leader, formally joined the bjp at the party headquarters in mumbai in the presence of fadnavis.
;;0.7351;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , too, has emphasised on the need for greater investment in rural sectors to create new work opportunities and provide infrastructure to farmers.
;;-0.8176;;mahad bridge collapse: maharashtra chief minister mahad bridge collapse: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visits mahad bridge that collapsed on wednesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis accompanied by pwd minister chnadrakant patil and opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe patil of congress, conducted an aerial survey of the area on the same day.
;;0.743;;analysts said rally by chief minister devendrafadnavis and union nitin gadkari proved decisive for the party with both promising enough drinking water to slake laturs thirst.
;;0.7876;;at his rally, chief minister devendrafadnavis also promised laturites that will get water through taps in future as his government was making all arrangements to ensure that the citizens dont suffer.
;;0.4404;;pti photo)altogether 179 pilgrims from maharashtra are among those stranded at various places after a massive landslide in uttarakhand and all of them are safe, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on saturday.
;;0.6705;;pti photochief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said the vertical growth of mumbai was inevitable to accommodate the challenges of growth and land constraints in the island city.
;;0.0;;home minister amit shah spoke to chief minister devendrafadnavis and took stock of the situation arising out of the explosion.
;;0.0;;have spoken to cm @dev_fadnavis, state govt is doing everything possible to assist the people in need.
;;0.0;;have spoken to cm @dev_fadnavis, state govt is doing everything possible to assist the people in need.
;;-0.4215;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis warned voters against exercising franchise in favour of congress, ncp and shiv sena stating that bankrupt banks do not give any returns.
;;-0.4215;;(pti photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis warned voters against exercising franchise in favour of congress, ncp and shiv sena stating that bankrupt banks do not give any returns.
;;0.9231;;(pti photo)equating bjp to a bank which offers good returns to investors, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said his party stands for progress and development and anyone casting vote in its favour will earn interest in the form of development.
;;0.8271;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced free bus rides in areas witnessing increased congestion due to closed bridges, the brihan-mumbai electric supply and transport (best) undertaking started a free bus service in kings circle area on thursday.
;;0.5106;;so, i raised the issue with the civic chief asking him to start the free bus service.
;;-0.1531;;while the bjps leaders did not participate in the rally from byculla to vidhan bhavan, where the state legislature is in session, the partys legislators pressed chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce an inquiry into how the building, home to a printing press started by dr babasaheb ambedkar, was declared dangerous and fit for demolition.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsincidentally, fadnavis had conducted a bhoomi pujan for a 17-storey tower to replace the ambedkar bhavan on april 14, the birth anniversary of dr b r ambedkar.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday withdrew the spa status extended to industrialist ajit gulabchand-promoted lavasa corporation for the rs 40,000 crore project located near pune.
;;-0.8176;;a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis paved the way for the shiv sena to install its mayor in bmc, the warring ally today hinted there is no threat to the stability of the bjp-led coalition government.
;;0.0;;when asked if the fadnavis was still on notice period as announced by the sena leadership in run-up to the elections, he said, only thackeray can answer this query.
;;0.0;;in an indication of rapprochement, senior sena leaders attended a press conference addressed by the cm at sahyadri guest house here.
;;0.4215;;mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar had yesterday alleged match-fixing between congress and sena in 42 wards, saying both parties have fielded weak candidates in these wards to benefit the other.
;;0.4019;;meanwhile, parab, while speaking to reporters here, alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has given orders to all police stations to support bjp candidates.
;;-0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said some political parties were trying to hold farmers hostage by scripting a strike to trigger violence and create political instability in maharashtra.
;;0.6597;;taking a swipe at the opposition parties in the state fadnavis said: their sangharsh yatra did not get the peoples support.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday had to face fire from the opposition for his strong defence of senior bjp leader eknath khadse a day earlier.
;;0.6124;;watch video: whats making newson sunday, the ncp targeted mr. clean fadnavis, by questioning how he was issuing a clean chit to khadse when an inquiry was to be conducted.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy, ahead of the bmc 2017 polls.
;;0.0;;(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy, ahead of the bmc 2017 polls.
;;0.0;;ahead of the crucial 2017 bmc polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seem to be striking the right chord with mumbaikars on the housing policy.
;;0.0;;fadnavis mentioned how there were 104 layouts within mhada spread across 1,560 hectares of prime land awaiting redevelopment since 1950-60.
;;0.34;;giving the go-ahead to the cluster development model in suburbs on the lines of the one in the island city, fadnavis emphasised on generating more affordable housing stock.
;;0.5423;;with congress poll managers opining that there is an urgent need to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis ongoing rath yatra, the party plans to organise issue-based gatherings aimed at countering the cms claims.
;;0.0;;it was shifted to nagpur at the instance of chief minister devendrafadnavis following imposition of the model code of conduct for the delhi municipal elections.
;;-0.296;;bjp spokesperson shaina nc said that she would take the doctors treating eman and the nursing staff to meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to lodge a complaint over what she termed were unsubstantiated claims.
;;0.1154;;but we have been getting a number of patients from middle east every day, said the hospitals chief operating officer, huzaifa shehabi.
;;-0.2263;;in dahanu, protesters submitted to officials a list of demands addressed to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7003;;the target was set by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had assured that the state would achieve open defecation free (odf) status by october this year.
;;0.8885;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday the socio-economic transformation drive of the state government with peoples participation could be further motivated by roping those engaged in ethical businesses to bring in greater investments and deliver change in public life.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making news:fadnavis acknowledged the contribution of non-government organisations in carrying forward the work on jalyukta shivar projects.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;express photo maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7096;;express photothe shiv sena, part of the ruling alliance in maharashtra, has hinted in its party mouthpiece that chief minister devendrafadnavis had a hand in the recent ouster of senior minister eknath khadse from the government.
;;0.0;;by this, we understand the secrecy in the working style of fadnavis, the editorial said.
;;0.0;;besides, it is campaigning with chief minister devendrafadnavis as its face and the issue of transparency in civic body as it poll plank.
;;0.4939;;amid several senior leaders of the opposition congress and ncp joining the bjp, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday indicated that those inducted constitute just about two per cent of the ruling partys current strength of leaders.
;;0.128;;advertisinghe also took a dig at former chief minister prithviraj chavan who, in sarcastic remarks, said fadnavis was talking like a political astrologer by predicting that the vanchit bahujan aghadi may get leader of the oppositions post in the next maharashtra assembly.
;;0.1779;;pti photothe grievances of fishermen regarding the chhatrapati shivaji memorial would be resolved and the project would not be allowed to be embroiled in any controversy, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured on wednesday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had defended nilangekar during a discussion in the state assembly on july 22 in 2016.
;;0.0;;shiv sena ministers have submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking loan waiver for farmers in the state.
;;0.6705;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis convened a dinner meet at his official malabar hills residence with all bjp ministers where he tried to send out a message that the latter should get back to work in their respective departments and not do anything that could be detrimental to the government or the party.
;;0.0;;in consultation with mha, we will decide the further course of action which we need to take, said cm fadnavis.
;;0.0;;in consultation with mha, we will decide the further course of action which we need to take, said cm fadnavis.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra police on tuesday submitted its report on controversial islamic preacher zakir naik to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the report points out many unlawful activities pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, according to fadnavis.
;;0.0;;many unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which zakir naik is the leader, said the chief minister.
;;-0.128;;responding to the senas demand, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said he had called for a report from the aurangabad divisional commissioner on sector-wise allocation of water to industrial companies.
;;0.0;;the decision was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet sub-committee meeting in mumbai.
;;0.1779;;advertisingmeanwhile, fadnavis has urged union finance minister nirmala sitharaman to extend the deadline for filing of i-t returns and gst by three months in the flood-hit regions.
;;0.0;;water management expert pradeep purandare and central water commissions chief nityanand rai will be among its members.
;;0.25;;making an exception for the pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the nagpur-mumbai samruddhi corridor expressway, the maharashtra cabinet on tuesday sanctioned a proposal to give a rs 4,000-crore government guarantee to the project.
;;0.3612;;sources said the chief minister was keen on performing the bhoomipujan for the project before the model code of conduct for the assembly elections kicked in.
;;0.0;;the sena chief was referring to the nanar oil refinery project in sindhudurg district which was to come up with massive saudi-uae investment.
;;-0.4404;;uddhavs remarks came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that he would discuss the issue with aaditya, who has spoken out against cutting trees in aarey and staked his reputation as a woke, new age sena leader on this contentious matter roiling mumbai ahead of the assembly elections due in october.
;;-0.743;;while the bjp, whose campaign is led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , has charged the sena with being unwilling to bring in transparency into the functioning of the bmc, a newly aggressive uddhav thackeray had been accusing the bjp of insulting its alliance partner in the state government before he unilaterally called off seat-sharing talks for the civic polls.
;;0.3818;;according to the papers, chief minister devendrafadnavis had to step in to resolve the spat.
;;0.0;;documents obtained by activist anil galgali under the right to information (rti) act show that kshatriya, appointed post-retirement as the states chief commissioner for right to services, was initially allotted a flat in government-owned suruchi building, also near mantralaya.
;;0.0;;on march 6, kshatriya wrote to the cm, seeking an apartment in sarang.
;;0.5574;;he wrote, the status of the state chief commissioner for right to service is equivalent to the chief information commissioner/ chief election commissioner of india/judge of the supreme court.
;;0.0;;im informed that when (ex-chief secretary) ratnakar gaikwad was appointed as the chief information commissioner, he was allotted a flat in the building.
;;0.0;;kshatriya also requested that he be permitted to retain the chief secretarys bungalow till a suitable accommodation was allotted and readied for occupation.
;;0.1779;;im surprised and shocked to receive this letter (march 14 orders) because ive represented to the cm for allotment of an accommodation in sarang, on which the cm has desired action accordingly.
;;-0.2023;;then, on march 22, kshatriya wrote another letter to the cm, complaining about the orders he had received, and seeking an immediate stay on the same.
;;0.4215;;mullicks proposal that a single flat in ambar building be allocated to kshatriya, and that he be directed to vacate the bungalow immediately, was approved by the cm.
;;0.0;;on april 10, kshatriya wrote again to the cm, asking that he be allowed to retain the bungalow for another two months, as the flat allotted to him needed extensive repairs and renovation.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis directed the general administration department (gad) to grant a months extension, and remarked, the public works may expedite (the repair work).
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday raised the pitch for a bharat-rajya rather than a ram-rajya in maharashtra.
;;-0.5994;;farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
;;0.3182;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, to ascertain the truth, call records of bhide for last six months were checked along with his locations and movements.
;;0.0;;(express photo/janak rathod)chief minister devendrafadnavis said in the maharashtra assembly on tuesday: there is not a single document or evidence to substantiate the role of sambhaji bhide in the koregaon bhima incident.
;;-0.6249;;read | koregaon-bhima violence: fadnavis vows stern action against those found guiltyhe said the state government has kept the investigation open-ended and whatever information or evidence comes forward, would be probed.
;;-0.296;;therefore, there was no question of the government letting out anybody in the bhima koregaon incident which was highly condemnable, said the chief minister.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.296;;the policy decisions related to the revenue ministry were taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the first cabinet meeting after the resignation of eknath khadse.
;;0.0;;there is a possibility of fadnavis asking senior minister chandrakant patil to take over the charge of the revenue ministry.
;;-0.5719;;instead, the senas heightened attack against chief minister devendrafadnavis , prime minister narendra modi or the bjp will only expose sena president uddhav thackerays double-standards.
;;0.0;;similar sentiments have been expressed by fadnavis several times.
;;0.0644;;watch what else is making newsthe situation now is that both parties have no option but to come together again, gadkari told a marathi channel, adding the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled his public rally in pune on saturday afternoon after reaching the venue.
;;-0.1779;;while fadnavis tweeted that he had cancelled the meeting due to miscommunication of time of rally, others say the empty chairs which greeted the chief minister might be one of the reasons for the abrupt exit.
;;0.0;;the chief minister was supposed to address the meeting at 2.
;;-0.25;;after waiting for a few minutes fadnavis left the venue and tweeted i have cancelled my public meeting at pune due to miscommunication of time of rally.
;;0.2023;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)the bjps resounding victory in the civic polls in maharashtra has further strengthened chief minister devendrafadnavis , who led his partys campaign from the front after deciding to go alone without tying up with the shiv sena, according to political observers.
;;-0.3182;;fadnavis, 46, who heads the first bjp-led government in the politically crucial state, single-handedly led the partys campaign criss-crossing the length and breadth of maharashtra, aggressively projecting transparency and development as the central slogan.
;;0.4019;;if you see in tamil nadu, the chief minister of the state and entire administration stood in support of jallikattu and even the cm met the prime minister, sena leader shivajirao adhalrao patil said.
;;-0.6249;;our demand is that taking cue from the tamil nadus cm, maharashtra government and chief minister devendrafadnavis should approach the prime minister and seek a central ordinance to lift the ban on bullock cart racing in the state, said the mp from shirur constituency in pune.
;;0.5859;;(file)hailing the bjps performance in recently-held elections in three north-eastern states, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the party will register victory in poll-bound karnataka as well.
;;0.0;;during his interaction with reporters, fadnavis quoted a social media message to taunt the congress.
;;0.0258;;he said they have asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene in the matter.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis (file) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file)on march 13, 2015, the maharashtra government set up a medical assistance cell (mac) to facilitate the disbursal of money to cover medical expenses of the poor under the chief ministers relief fund.
;;0.0;;finally, on september 7, 2017, cm devendrafadnavis ordered the setting up of a high-level monitoring committee, under principal secretary (public health) dr pradeep vyas, to review claims under cmrf.
;;0.6249;;reacting to these findings, fadnavis promised strict action against those fraudulently claiming benefits.
;;0.7003;;for instance, on december 19, 2015, the mac approached the chief minister directly for approval in 20 applications as a special case without placing them before the committee.
;;-0.4939;;six months after chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting in aurangabad after the council of ministers completed a three-day tour of the drought-stricken region, the cabinet will once again meet in aurangabad tuesday, this time to discuss the measures to be taken after floods destroyed almost 50 per cent of the kharif crops in the districts of latur, beed, osmanabad and nanded in marathwada region.
;;-0.4939;;at an internal session before the cabinet meeting, sources said, chief minister devendrafadnavis indicated that financial help to the farmers who suffered crop losses would be given higher priority.
;;0.25;;raising the issue of employment guarantee to drought-hit farmers, shiv senas heir apparent aaditya thackeray said on sunday that he would soon meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to discuss the issue.
;;0.2732;;(file photo)ten months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a tie-up with corporate honchos and industry leaders for creation of model villages across maharashtra, the initiative is yet to take off.
;;0.0;;on august 25, 2016, fadnavis had rolled out the initiative for social transformation in villages, following a meeting with business captains, philanthropists, and celebrities, including ratan tata, anand mahindra, rajashree birla, rajkumar dhoot, deepak parekh and amitabh bachchan, among others.
;;0.2023;;while a governing council headed by fadnavis himself and comprising top industry captains as members was formed on the day of the announcement, government sources confirmed that actual work had not begun in a single village so far.
;;0.5267;;rajesh stephendescribing prime minister narendra modi and ncp sharad pawar as two sides of the same coin, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said his government would extend permanent support to the devendrafadnavis government if he waives farmers loan.
;;0.7096;;prime minister narendra modi went to uttar pradesh and declared that farmers in that state will get loan waiver if bjp wonbut he did not show the same sympathy for the dying farmers of maharashtraif chief minister devendrafadnavis announces loan waiver to farmers, the shiv sena will extend permanent support to his government, he said.
;;-0.8834;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra government is set to enforce a five-year ban on sanctioning new sugar mills in the drought-hit marathwada region, which is facing a severe drinking water crisis.
;;-0.5574;;at a core committee meeting of cabinet ministers led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , it was decided to ban new sugar mills in marathwada, which comprises eight districts  aurangabad, jalna, beed, parbhani, latur, hingoli, osmanabad and nanded.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis also emphasised on a re-look at crop patterns according to soil heath and water availability in each region, to ensure that huge investments put in by farmers are commensurate with the yield.
;;0.25;;kicking off the second phase of his mahajanadesh yatra in northern maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday hit out at pakistan and termed the revocation of article 370 as the long-cherished dream of every indian.
;;0.7346;;fadnavis also continued to highlight the state governments development initiatives, saying, maharashtra is ready to compete with the worlds most advanced and developed nations, having set the wheels of reforms to bridge the rural and urban divide in the last five years.
;;-0.3182;;citing the information, rti activist anil galgali wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday, demanding that the firm be blacklisted and an enquiry be constituted against former sra head vishwas patil, who had allegedly allowed hdil to pay the amount to regularise a construction taken up without prior permission.
;;-0.3818;;the elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in the state, which had virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, were held on february 21.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc tweeted requests to citizens to stay indoors considering the situation outside and the forecast for more rains through the day.
;;-0.34;;chief fire officer prabhat rahangdale told the indian express that a total count of casualties would be possible only at the end of the search-and-rescue operations.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday proposed the development of a mobile app that calculates the carbon footprint of each individual so as to enable everyone to try and mitigate it by planting trees.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, fadnavis lauded the forest minister saying, when mungantiwar announced the plantation scheme four years ago, it was seen by many as yet another political announcement.
;;0.0;;a high-powered pakistani delegation led by attorney general ashtar ausaf ali met with world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis and other senior officials on monday and tuesday.
;;0.4939;;an official said that the programme will be launched by chief minister devendrafadnavis , and that shiv sena leader aaditya thackeray will be the special guest at the occasion.
;;0.6597;;a day after ncp workers raised slogans at a rally addressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis during the mahajanadesh yatra on party chief sharad pawars home turf of baramati, fadnavis on sunday hit out at the party, asking how it would feel if bjp workers started disrupting pawars public meetings.
;;0.4019;;advertisingstating that he would help ncp workers hold a rally in his hometown, fadnavis added: this is a democracy.
;;-0.1244;;it seems as if the ground is slipping under their (ncp) feet and so they dont want the cm to come to their town and address rallies.
;;0.4404;;flanked by former ncp leader and descendant of chhatrapati shivaji udayanraje bhosale, who resigned as satara mp to join the bjp, and former satara mla shivendraraje bhosale who also joined the saffron party, fadnavis roadshow passed through pune and satara on sunday.
;;0.5423;;the development plank of the fadnavis government is responsible for established leaders quitting the congress and ncp to join bjp, he said.
;;0.4404;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis chief minister of maharastra devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said the jalyukta shivar projects had helped bring 12,500 hectares of land under protected irrigation with an expenditure of rs 5,500 crore.
;;0.0;;popatrao pawar, sarpanch of hiwre bazar village, urged the cm to have the jalyukta shivar projects focus on water recharge and soil erosion.
;;0.0772;;ahir said he has briefed chief minister devendrafadnavis on the situation and demands of the parents, who want the government to appoint an administrator to run the school.
;;0.4019;;on sunday, opposition parties had boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the interim budget session.
;;0.5859;;raigad fort (source: wikimedia) raigad fort (source: wikimedia)the centre has given its in-principle nod to a project worth rs 600 crore proposed by maharashtra government for restoration and beautification of the historic raigad fort, chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said.
;;0.5423;;watch what else is in the newsduring his delhi visit, fadnavis met union culture minister mahesh sharma to find out solutions to various problems being faced in restoring and beautifying famous forts and caves in the state.
;;-0.1027;;appealing to farmers to shun violence, hazare said he was ready to join discussions between the farmers leaders and chief minister devendrafadnavis if he was asked to.
;;-0.1779;;on friday, fadnavis expressed willingness to hold talks with the agitating farmers.
;;0.0;;one year of restoration work and rs 3 crore later, the restoration work is now complete, and a refurbished 184-year-old central library was inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday.
;;0.0;;half of the borewells dont have waterothers are only a trickle, said the civic chief.
;;0.0;;when i first mooted the idea to chief minister devendrafadnavis at our meeting in nashik, the cm asked me to remind him next week.
;;0.0;;when i reminded him, the cm immediately sent revenue minister eknath khadse to sangli to announce the project on april 5, he said.
;;0.0;;the cm had spoken to railway minister suresh prabhu who immediately gave green signal to the plan, said deshpande.
;;0.5267;;a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
;;0.5267;;a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
;;0.5267;;a highly placed source in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis has shared his vision maharashtra document with a groups of officials.
;;0.5267;;fadnavis has indicated that a significant aspect of the village transformation is to bring to them a more sustainable agriculture and economic model, providing basic facilities such as water and power to the villagers for agriculture growth.
;;0.2023;;the cm has repeatedly stated that while 55 per cent rural population relies on agriculture for livelihood, the sector does not provide as many jobs.
;;0.2732;;another factor given significance is the digitalisation of villages, with the cm looking at complete digitalisation of 29,000 gram panchayats.
;;-0.765;;the family of mohsin shaikh  a 28-year-old man in pune who was murdered in june 2014 allegedly by members of the hindu rashtra sena (hrs)  has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking appointment of ujjwal nikam as a public prosecutor to oppose the bail petition of the main accused dhananjay desai.
;;-0.5574;;on friday, the state urban development department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , issued draft rules to regularise illegal structures across the state which came up by december 31, 2015.
;;-0.128;;last time, the cm promised to waive penalty tax fully.
;;-0.6249;;in a related development, a delegation of uddhavs ministers accompanied chief minister devendrafadnavis to delhi to meet union finance minster arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to apprise them about the farm sector crisis.
;;-0.3612;;maharashtra governor c h vidyasagar rao gave approval thursday to the cbi to prosecute former chief minister ashok chavan in the adarsh cooperative housing scandal.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis rejected chavans allegation and defended the decision of his cabinet to give a go-ahead in the case, holding there was sufficient ground for it.
;;-0.4404;;a lok sabha member from nanded and the state congress president, chavan had to step down as chief minister after the scandal in 2010.
;;-0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to intervene to placate the angry voices.
;;0.2263;;we can even allow video recording, the civic chief.
;;0.0;;even during the state cabinet meetings, the media is barred, the civic chief said.
;;0.2732;;activist-turned-politician maruti bhapkar, one of the campaigners, had sent a petition earlier this month to chief minister devendrafadnavis to keep his word of ensuring transparency in civic functioning.
;;0.4019;;(file photo)the opposition parties boycotted the customary tea party hosted by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday on the eve of the beginning of the budget session.
;;0.0;;mumbai unit chief of the bjp ashish shelar is unfazed.
;;0.128;;after the beef ban was imposed, we had taken up the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis and had asked for a solution for a middle ground, keeping the legalities in mind, to provide some relief for the beef sellers.
;;0.1531;;in what is being seen as another attempt to maintain cordial relationship with the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda), telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao has extended an invite to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for being the chief guest for the inauguration ceremony of the kaleshwaram lift irrigation project (klip), which is being billed as the costliest irrigation projects to be undertaken in india.
;;0.0;;andhra pradesh cm ys jagan mohan reddy has also been invited as a chief guest for the programme.
;;0.0;;at khandvi village in buldhana district, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who on saturday toured districts of buldhana and yavatmal to review water conservation projects, held interactive sessions with farmers to explain group farming model.
;;-0.4767;;amruta fadnavis will walk the ramp with 16 acid attack survivors on sunday.
;;-0.4767;;nirmal harindran amruta fadnavis will walk the ramp with 16 acid attack survivors on sunday.
;;-0.4767;;amruta fadnavis, wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with 16 acid attack survivors along with many other celebrities and models on sunday at the national sports club of india, worli.
;;0.4019;;senior leaders of maharashtra bjp, including state unit chief raosaheb danve, cabinet ministers vinod tawde and prakash mehta, city bjp president ashish shelar, ravindra bhuisari and prasad lad, were present at different locations along with scores of party workers.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsafter going through these suggestions, a blueprint for mumbai makeover would be presented before chief minister devendrafadnavis , lad said.
;;0.3167;;members of shetkari sanghatana met chief minister devendrafadnavis and demanded access to technology in a memorandum, highlighting the high cost of labour which makes the adoption of the unauthorised htbt hybrid more profitable for the farmer.
;;-0.4019;;fadnavis leads a high-level national committee formed to study problems of agriculture.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday unveiled the model of coaches for metro 3 line, mumbais sole underground metro connecting colaba, bandra and seepz, and announced that it will be named as aqua line.
;;0.0;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that he will order sit inquiry into the affairs of the civic body.
;;-0.3612;;it was being observed by many in the bjp circles that the sena was undermining fadnavis and trying to establish its hold in mumbai and in the state.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by rajesh stephen) chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
;;-0.0516;;(express photo by rajesh stephen)chief minister devendrafadnavis cancelled his rally here saturday afternoon after reaching the venue.
;;-0.1779;;while fadnavis tweeted that he cancelled the meeting due to miscommunication of time of rally, others say the empty chairs which greeted the chief minister might be the reason for the abrupt exit.
;;0.1027;;the chief minister was supposed to address the public meeting at 2 pm and had reached the venue on time.
;;-0.8126;;chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered the mumbai police crime branch to probe the death of dr payal tadvi, after her family members met him in mumbai on thursday.
;;-0.0772;;tadvis family had urged fadnavis to hand over the probe to either to the crime branch or the cbi.
;;0.7269;;he assured us of taking a positive decision after he, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis , meets us on september 1 to discuss our issues, bala sanap, leader, jai bhagwan taxi rickshaw sanghatana said.
;;-0.128;;we have called off the strike after raote said all taxi unions would be called for a meeting with the cm on september 1.
;;0.0;;the home portfolio is with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4404;;in election modebefore embarking on his month-long rath yatra to various parts of the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked his bureaucrats to walk the extra mile in order to effectively implement public welfare schemes at the ground level.
;;0.3182;;to calm the mns down, maharashtras chief minister devendrafadnavis held a private meeting in his office between mns leader raj thackeray and johar.
;;-0.4767;;that meeting organised by fadnavis himself, made a telling statement: instead of arresting the mns goons, not only did fadnavis support and encourage the partys puerile bullying by inviting thackeray to his office, but he handed over thackeray (a man not elected into power) the clout to bully johar and extort five crores (under the veneer of voluntary donation for the indian army).
;;-0.4767;;fadnavis caved in to thackerays hooliganism, instead of standing up to it.
;;0.6249;;it also conveyed the inefficacy of an elected representative like fadnavis to protect a citizen of his state.
;;-0.7604;;for fadnavis to play the silent mediator between thackeray and johar, and for bhansalis team to issue a statement that there are and will be no intimacy scenes in padmavati, indicates a threat not only to freedom of expression, but underscores that right-wing fundamentalists can muscle their way into making ridiculous demands  and get away with it.
;;0.0;;athawale added he would also meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and jalgaon superintendent of police dattatray karale in connection with the incident.
;;-0.6486;;the bmc polls was viewed as the battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray as they had ended their acrimonious relationship just before the elections.
;;0.296;;reflecting on the post-poll prospects, gadkari said, the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.6887;;congress will not help these two parties, but would like to see their fight continue and differences aggravate, congress city unit chief sanjay nirupam was quoted as saying by pti.
;;0.7783;;justice pradeep nandrajog was sworn in as the new chief justice of the bombay high court by governor vidyasagar rao, in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , at raj bhavan on sunday.
;;0.9836;;the union ministry of law and justice, in a notification on march 31, said, in exercise of powers conferred by clause (1) of article 222 of the constitution of india, the president after consultation with the chief justice of india, is pleased to transfer shri justice pradeep nandrajog, chief justice of rajasthan high court; as chief justice of bombay high court and to direct him to assume charge of the office of chief justice of the bombay high court after retirement, on 06 april 2019, of shri justice naresh harishchandra patil, present chief justice of bombay high court.
;;0.9657;;the collegium, led by chief justice of india (cji) ranjan gogoi, had taken the decision to transfer justice nandrajog to the bombay high court in the interest of better administration of justice since the office of the chief justice would have fallen vacant after justice naresh patil retired on april 6.
;;0.5267;;born on february 24, 1958, chief justice nandrajog graduated from delhi university (du) in 1978.
;;0.7184;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up in earnest, the smart cities project for all ten cities listed.
;;0.2023;;fadnavis has rolled out the project with specifications and timeline for nagpur which happens to be his hometown and logistically significant, being the central point of india.
;;0.7506;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis briefed prime minister narendra modi about the floods and rescue and relief operations.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had on thursday submitted a report on the issue to party chief amit shah in delhi.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newslater on thursday night, gawli met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and a deal between the two was sealed.
;;0.3612;;the series of mega-projects being pursued by chief minister devendrafadnavis in multiple sectors, like infrastructure, also makes us wonder how they would mobilise the funds.
;;0.8316;;marathwada, home turf of former chief minister ashok chavan, saw the congress and nationalist congress party completely wiped out from the region, with the bharatiya janata party  shiv sena combine winning seven of the eight seats here.
;;-0.3818;;now state vice-president of the bjp, he told the indian express: we actually still have a modi wave here, and chief minister devendrafadnavis has been working on defeating chavan for two years.
;;0.6124;;on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai.
;;0.6124;;(file photo) on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai.
;;0.6124;;on april 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis had declared that the centre had agreed to relax conditions for the redevelopment of coastal slums in mumbai, following his meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to the prime minister.
;;0.7579;;but contending that the government hadnt received a single redevelopment proposal under the model in the past six years, fadnavis had urged the centre to relax the 51 per cent norm, which was agreed to.
;;0.0;;before the lok sabha elections, the details of the seat-sharing pact was worked out by me, chief minister devendrafadnavis and (bjp national president) amit shah.
;;0.34;;a day after uddhav made the aarey-nanar comparison, fadnavis had indicated that his government could revive the project.
;;0.0;;he also countered fadnavis claim of building the refinery in nanar, saying that local people were still opposed to the project.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, speculations of former maharashtra minister harshavardhan patil switching over to the bjp intensified on friday after he called upon chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.4588;;according to a bjp poll-manager, in the past two years, the sena has consistently attacked both prime minister narendra modi and chief minister devendrafadnavis through saamana.
;;0.0;;but it was never handed over to fadnavis.
;;0.4404;;in a move set to benefit hundreds of redevelopment works adjacent to small- and medium-sized roads in the island city, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said a time frame would be set up to redevelop buildings that pay a repair cess to the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada).
;;0.34;;with a section of the fishermen community continuing to be up in arms against the mumbai coastal road project, the cm gave an assurance on the floor of the house that none of the koliwadas (fishermen village) would be reclaimed due to the project.
;;0.0;;while announcing that the first phase of mumbais first underground metro rail (colaba-seepz) will be operational by 2021, fadnavis declared that most of the remaining ongoing elevated metro routes will be functional by 2020.
;;0.8979;;two days after writing to the election commission to relax the model code of conduct in order to fast track drought relief measures, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday directed all ministers to tour their respective districts to provide relief and announced that rs 4,412-crore funds have been disbursed to 68 lakh farmers so far.
;;0.7003;;fadnavis also reiterated his hope that the cec would relax its norms for the model code of conduct.
;;0.3182;;the decision would further strengthen the democracy, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday.
;;0.3182;;express the decision would further strengthen the democracy, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday.
;;0.0;;expressleading from the front, chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday immediately brought into practice the union cabinet decision of not using red beacon on the official vehicle during his visit to city.
;;0.3182;;the decision would further strengthen the democracy, he said, after he directed the government staff to remove the red beacon from the official vehicle of the cm.
;;0.296;;jadhav and a nanded-based social activist, shobha waghmare, who has been helping jadhav in the process, recently met chief minster devendrafadnavis , who has ordered the formation of an sit.
;;0.0;;on january 8 this year, ahead of the local body polls across the state, the urban development department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis had issued an ordinance in this regard.
;;0.6808;;the cm had earlier run a poll campaign in pimpri-chinchwad and thane where he had promised relief to such families.
;;0.25;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis plan to provide a rs 2000-crore guarantee to district cooperative banks for disbursing crop loans in the drought-hit belts tuesday met with resistance from within his government.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendra fadnavisday after his bharat mata ki jai remark triggered a row, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday said chanting of the slogan had nothing to do with religion or electoral politics.
;;-0.1761;;the cm added, i am deeply anguished by a section which is giving it a religious colour.
;;-0.6705;;while sena president uddhav thackeray is trying to assert his partys might in high-stakes mumbai and its cash-rich municipality, the elections turned into a do-or-die battle for chief minister devendrafadnavis who carried the entire burden of bjp campaigning on his shoulders.
;;0.0;;watch video | bmc polls: cm fadnavis, uddhav thackeray with family cast ballotthe elections to ten municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis conducted in two phases across vidarbha, marathwada, western maharashtra, north maharashtra and konkan have assumed the status of a mini-vidhan sabha poll.
;;-0.4019;;mumbai, which turned into a battleground between fadnavis and thackeray, holds the key to state politics.
;;-0.0772;;the shiv sena says its unhappy with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and is ready for mid-term polls.
;;-0.0772;;(file photo) the shiv sena says its unhappy with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and is ready for mid-term polls.
;;-0.5994;;watch what else is making newssenas threat to quit the ministry follows the party supremo putting the fadnavis government on notice period in the context of it locked in a grim combat with the bjp in the civic polls in mumbai and other cities across the state.
;;-0.8481;;hence the cm has now resorted to using shameful language against uddhavji, kayande said, referring to fadnavis dig at thackeray, asking him if the he was adversely affected by the note ban decision.
;;0.7845;;meanwhile, the sharad pawar-led national congress party (ncp) on monday dared shiv sena to withdraw its support to the fadnavis government and said it was ready for mid-term polls.
;;-0.6705;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had on monday said the government would talk only to protesting farmers and not others and that the government would not enter into a dialogue with those trying to agitate farmers.
;;-0.6486;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (source: file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (source: file photo)two days after the shiv sena decided to have no pre-poll alliance with the bjp, the latter scaled up its attack.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, our differences with the shiv sena are not ideological.
;;0.6234;;fadnavis cautioned the sena not to undermine the political strength of the bjp whose development and transparency agenda, he said, will bring political parivartan in mumbai.
;;-0.4767;;the shiv sena needs to explain to the people of mumbai who were deprived of basic amenities because of their loot and corrupt functioning in the bmc, said the chief minister.
;;0.0;;whether it is the coastal road project, 22-km stretch of mumbai trans harbour link, elevated railway corridors, water transport  the initiative has come from my government in the last two years, said the cm.
;;0.4939;;and we are confident that chief minister devendrafadnavis will take these two memorial projects to its logical end.
;;0.0;;at a cabinet meeting, then chief minister prithviraj chavan said that initial discussions had been held with the railways to arrange three wagons to transport 5 lakh litres of water daily.
;;0.0;;the kota division of the railways was chosen for supply of the rake because it has an expertise in cleaning tank wagons, says chief workshop manager p k tiwari.
;;0.0;;officials say they began work as soon as revenue minister eknath khadse, deputed to sangli by chief minister devendrafadnavis , made the announcement on april 5.
;;0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the journey of shinde is an inspiration to all as he has risen to all occasions against all odds shinde has put a mark on whichever responsibility he held so far.
;;0.7845;;he added that shinde should also get active like the way ncp chief sharad pawar got active in the state after he turned 75 the ncp chief is touring all district of states.
;;0.0;;he was the chief minister of the state and was appointed the governor of andhra pradesh, before taking over as union power minister and then union home minister.
;;0.0;;(express photo)a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met prime minister narendra modi to apprise him of the political situation in the state, the shiv sena leadership has started preparations to herd all its corporators to an undisclosed location.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis launched the jalyukta shivar yojna on january 26, 2015.
;;0.0;;mahajan, a blue eyed boy of chief minister devendrafadnavis , was in charge of the entire operation.
;;-0.7096;;many in the party said that the rise of mahajan is the writing on the wall for khadse, who represents the muktainagar seat in the assembly, and has been a critic of the fadnavis government after he was forced to resign from the cabinet over charges of corruption and misuse of office in a land deal.
;;0.4019;;the party has taken objection to his continued pin-pricks against the fadnavis government in the assembly and outside.
;;0.5859;;at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
;;0.0;;in june last year, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had met members of the dubai royal family while on a visit there and had discussed the subject of redevelopment of dharavi.
;;0.6369;;advertisingmaharashtras move comes a week after chief minister devendrafadnavis told the indian express that the revocation of j&ks special status would be an issue in the elections because every single person in every state, barring 2-3 per cent, supports it, and that the people of maharashtra feel it (kashmir) should be an integral part of the country.
;;0.0;;sources said the cm has also been in touch with j&k governor satya pal malik regarding investment in the region.
;;0.0;;jadhav recently approached maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on july 23.
;;0.0;;the cm then directed the cid to conduct a probe into these cases.
;;0.0772;;ncp alleged fadnavis wants modi to head a civic authority formed for the development of mumbai city.
;;0.0772;;ncp spokesman nawab malik had also tweeted on december 7 that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wants prime minister narendra modi to head a civic authority formed for the development of mumbai city.
;;0.0;;however, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted that the idea behind the civic panel headed by prime minister modi is to facilitate co-ordination between various central ministries and the state to develop mumbai, which indias financial capital into a global commercial hub by 2019.
;;0.0;;taking a swipe at the sena chief, the ncp spokesperson nawab malik on monday said, uddhav thackeray should show the state that he is a man of his word and relinquish power by withdrawing his ministers from the government.
;;0.5574;;speaking at an agricultural convention organised by his party in chopada town in jalgaon on may 20, thackeray said he was prepared to forego power and withdraw all sena ministers from the bjp-led government in the state if chief minister devendrafadnavis is willing to announce a blanket loan waiver for farmers.
;;0.4767;;while many younger mlas had hoped for a reshuffle in the senas ministers and organisational heads, the party chief indicated thursday that there would be no major organisational changes immediately.
;;0.0;;during the meeting, the party also decided to set up a small committee of mlas from both rural and urban areas who, along with ministers, will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis to take up the problems being faced by mlas.
;;-0.1027;;as per directions from our chief, we will meet the cm tomorrow to find a solution to these problems, pwd minister and senior sena leader, eknath shinde, said after the meeting.
;;0.6124;;with uddhav thackeray keen on reviving the partys rural base, the sena chief is keen on addressing the concerns of the sena legislators.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp leader had virtually ruled out yesterday the possibility of chief minister devendrafadnavis resuming seat-sharing talks with thackeray.
;;-0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis himself tweeted about this blaze, which also sent central mumbai residents, at least 15 km from the fire, scurrying to doctors with shortness of breath, cough and lung infections.
;;-0.34;;we are currently dealing with that, said chief fire officer p rahangdale.
;;0.0;;the congress will hold public rallies at various places in maharashtra to counter chief minister devendrafadnavis statewide yatra.
;;0.3818;;advertisingaccording to congress election campaign managers, the rallies will counter the claims and promises made by fadnavis during his ongoing yatra.
;;0.0;;advertisingcongress campaign committee chairman nana patole, a former bjp mp who joined the congress in 2018, has alleged that fadnavis was selling a lie.
;;-0.7717;;the plan is to organise an issue-based negative campaign that targets the failures of the fadnavis government, sources said.
;;0.4215;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)on april 25, when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis approved mumbais new development plan (dp), his government had thumped its back for clearing the mammoth plan within eight months of submission.
;;0.7906;;(file)to fund chief minister devendrafadnavis ambitious nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, the government is mulling over levying an additional surcharge on petrol and diesel consumption.
;;0.0;;the option was discussed at a recent meeting chaired by fadnavis.
;;0.25;;chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister of maharastra devendrafadnavis (file photo)coming under the scanner for issuing a circular banning display of religious pictures and rituals in offices and state-run schools, the maharashtra government has recalled the order and a show cause notice was slapped on the official who sent it across the state without getting a nod from his superiors.
;;-0.5859;;the clarification in this regard was made on friday as shiv sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding withdrawal of the circular, a day after sena chief uddhav thackeray attacked the government over it.
;;0.3612;;earlier, when sena ministers met fadnavis to make a formal representation on the issue, he had assured the delegation that the circular would be revoked.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday cancelled the final lap of his mahajanadesh yatra, scheduled for dhule and nandurbar on august 9, due to the grave flood situation in kolhapur and sangli districts.
;;0.0;;on friday, the cm was to hold public rallies and roadshows at dhule, dondaich, sindkheda, sahada and nandurbar.
;;-0.25;;sujitsingh thakur, chief coordinator of the yatra and bjp general secretary, said fadnavis cancelled the yatra following the floods.
;;0.0;;on thursday, the cm visited the flood-hit kolhapur and sangli districts.
;;0.0;;fadnavis on wednesday was to visit akola, balapur, shegaon, khamgaon, nandura, malkapur, bodwad and jammer.
;;0.0;;due to the cancellation, the cm will not be able to visit 13 assembly constituencies.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis speaks to yediyurappafadnavis on thursday spoke to karnataka cm bs yediyurappa, who has agreed to release 5 lakh cusecs water from almatti dam.
;;0.3818;;union home minister amit shah too has spoken to fadnavis, assuring assistance to tackle the flood situation in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;on august 31, 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had sanctioned a housing scheme for serving judges on a 32,300-sq ft plot in oshiwara, following a request made in this regard by the proposed cooperative housing society of judges.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration of the floating restaurant on saturday.
;;0.0;;(photo: kevin dsouza) chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration of the floating restaurant on saturday.
;;0.0258;;lalita salve, who now prefers to be called lalit, met chief minister devendrafadnavis last month seeking his permission to undergo the surgery and be retained in the police force as a male police constable after the procedure.
;;0.0;;when salve met fadnavis last month, the latter asked dgp satish mathur to take a quick decision in the case.
;;0.128;;leaving no stone unturned, the bharatiya janata party even got its principal vote gatherer, chief minister devendrafadnavis to campaign in the region last week.
;;0.5106;;the cm doled out big promises, offering to even adopt the locality.
;;-0.296;;no other cm has ever visited the region.
;;0.0;;the cm is just dangling a carrot.
;;0.4939;;while explaining the challenges in the power sector vis--vis agriculture, officials said they received the mandate from chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure that maximum number of farmers get the connections at the earliest.
;;-0.1531;;express archivemoments before chief minister devendrafadnavis and other state government dignitaries were scheduled to attend the launch of a powerboat racing event at gateway of india, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation sent in bulldozer to stop the programme.
;;-0.2263;;activist-turned-politician maruti bhapkar has already sent a petition to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding that the standing committees of all civic bodies in maharashtra be thrown open to the public.
;;0.3612;;during election campaign, the cm had promised transparency in governance.
;;0.4019;;now that his party, the bjp, is in power in several civic bodies  pcmc, pmc and nagpur  will the cm throw open the civic body meetings for the public and journalists?
;;0.3182;;later, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that insurance companies would be blacklisted if they are held responsible.
;;-0.5994;;the decision to form the secretary-level committee, the fourth panel formed since the ban was imposed on march 23, was taken at a meeting chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
;;0.7003;;(file photo)praising the surgical strike carried out by the army across the loc, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said he felt proud to be an indian and the world had seen the strength of india.
;;0.6486;;raj thackeray thanks armymns chief raj thackeray spoke to prime minister narendra modi and thanked him and the indian army for carrying out the surgical strike across the loc.
;;0.2406;;leaving nothing to chance, the party brought out its big guns, including chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport minister nitin gadkari and national spokesperson shahanawaz hussain to the campaign for the polls.
;;0.0;;the community members had requested chief minister devendrafadnavis for the course during his visit to the tel aviv university in 2015.
;;0.128;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday called for greater coordination amongst the multiple departments to facilitate effective enforcement of disaster management plans ahead of the monsoons.
;;-0.296;;after seeing the presentation made by various department related to the disaster management preparations for monsoons, the cm expressed satisfaction.
;;0.0;;the cm chaired the meeting which was attended by senior officials from bmc, railways, navy, army, state government officials.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is leading the bjp campaign for the polls, has made transparency the main plank.
;;0.6801;;when contacted, ketan pathak, officer on special duty to the chief minister, said, the tweets of the cm are very clear these seeds have been found in many states and thats the reason for cbi probe recommendation.
;;0.6249;;promising to revive the ailing cooperative sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said that sugarcane farmers were given the highest remuneration this year.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis made an announcement to this effect after a cabinet meeting in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.7964;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, yes, we have taken the decision to develop six smart cities after weighing in all the parameters prescribed by the centre for smart cities.
;;0.4019;;according to fadnavis,  while financial model would be worked out by the state government, it would co-opt the guidelines of the centre evolved for the smart cities project.
;;0.1779;;almost all the six cities that fadnavis plans to adopt are emerging as new socio-economic and agro-industrial centres.
;;0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday maintained that the bjp-sena alliance was going strong and its victory was imminent in the state polls.
;;0.4404;;i believe the cm and i can make navi mumbai shine even better than it already does.
;;0.0;;earlier in the day, fadnavis inaugurated the belapur-pendhar metro trial run in taloja and kick-started the registration for 9,249 of the proposed 95,0000 residential units being built by cidco.
;;0.0;;at a cabinet meeting, then chief minister prithviraj chavan said that initial discussions had been held with the railways to arrange three wagons to transport 5 lakh litres of water daily.
;;0.0;;the kota division of the railways was chosen for supply of the rake because it has an expertise in cleaning tank wagons, says chief workshop manager p k tiwari.
;;0.0;;officials say they began work as soon as revenue minister eknath khadse, deputed to sangli by chief minister devendrafadnavis , made the announcement on april 5.
;;-0.5106;;(file)hitting out at opposition congress-ncp, maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday said those who had consistently failed for 15 years while being in power, were teaching chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has scored a distinction, about how to study.
;;-0.128;;congress-ncp had consistently failed in 15 years of them sharing power (in maharashtra) and now they are teaching fadnavis, who has scored a distinction, how to studysaying he was not studying properly, mungantiwar said.
;;-0.5267;;when prithviraj chavan was cm, a farmer had committed suicide at his public meeting.
;;0.34;;in a security breach, a two-wheeler entered the convoy of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and collided with one of the suvs at shegaon in buldhana district, around 560 kms from here, police said on sunday.
;;0.0;;file photothe water transport project along the east coast between ferry wharf (bhaucha dhakka) and nerul (navi mumbai) will start from march 2018, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;the cm was speaking in the assembly, responding to a question by mla sandeep naik.
;;-0.4939;;(file photo)the shiv sena today claimed that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis violated the code of conduct by giving interviews to media outlets after the end campaigning for local body polls, and filed a complaint which is being examined by the state election commission (sec).
;;0.0;;if the chief minister gets permission to campaign in this manner after the (canvassing) period is over, all should get permission.
;;-0.5267;;we think his day-long interviews are a case of paid news, raut said, claiming fadnavis has violated the representation of people act.
;;0.0258;;the sena mp claimed fadnavis is trying to threaten the opposition parties using government machinery.
;;-0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday gave some tips to the thane police on how to respond to the tweets posted by harassed commuters.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, who was also tagged in the tweet, then posted to thane police, your reply should be it is under thane rural police jurisdiction and we will inform them.
;;-0.4767;;sources in the cmo said the chief minister believed it was wrong to refer people to others.
;;0.0;;b'it will be at least another two months before the fate of the sikorsky helicopter that crash-landed in latur last week with chief minister devendrafadnavis onboard can be decided.
;;0.0258;;the bombay high court wednesday directed that notices be issued to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the state government and the contractor of the pune-mumbai expressway in a matter seeking to revoke the right of the contractor to collect toll along the road.
;;0.0;;in 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said police housing was a priority for him and the state was planning to build nearly 5 lakh houses across the state by 2019 for police personnel.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) mumbai: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;while former maharashtra minister and sangamner mla vijay (balasaheb) thorat has been elevated as the state congress chief and the head of the poll strategy committee in the state, his nephew, satyajeet tambe, is the head of the partys youth wing in the state.
;;0.0;;breakfast meeteyebrows are being raised over an unscheduled breakfast meeting between chief minister devendrafadnavis and congress mla bharat bhalke at the latters residence this past week.
;;0.0;;after performing the traditional puja at the shrine in pandharpur on july 11, fadnavis visited bhalkes residence for breakfast.
;;0.34;;bhalke and congress mla siddharam mhetre had also welcomed fadnavis at solapur before visiting pandharpur.
;;-0.4019;;speculation is rife in the corridors of power that chief minister devendrafadnavis move to transfer 1987-batch ias officer ashwani kumar from the post of principal secretary and chief electoral officer, maharashtra, was on account of complaints allegedly raised by some district collectors against his style of functioning.
;;0.0;;thats how the devendrafadnavis government is functioning at the moment.
;;0.0;;since march 27 this year, when ups madan was elevated to the chief secretarys position, the state has also gone without a full-time finance secretary.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)on maharashtra day, chief minister devendrafadnavis provided a platform to the states youth for evolving public policies and participating in governance on issues such as drought-mitigation to combating corruption.
;;0.0;;to mark the day, fadnavis on monday interacted with thousands of youth from across the state on wide-ranging issues and saw presentations by students teams.
;;0.7506;;eliciting a positive response from the cm, the model was accepted with the government willing to extend it across the state.
;;-0.128;;i met chief minister devendrafadnavis today and submitted a letter stating my demand.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;express photo maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.3818;;and even though chief minister devendrafadnavis had conveyed the senas sentiments to the central leadership, the union government had made it clear that if they twist the norms for sena and give them a cabinet post, other small allies would also stake similar claims.
;;0.0516;;watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainhowever, ahead of the state cabinet expansion scheduled for this week, fadnavis has promised ally shiv sena an additional cabinet rank or a plum portfolio in the state government.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has formed a high-powered committee of senior ministers to end the ongoing unrest in the state.
;;0.5719;;the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
;;0.5719;;(file photo) the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
;;0.5719;;watch video | a quick look at final tally of bmc election & pmc election results 2017the bjp owes its success in large measure to the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded the campaign in the state.
;;0.3094;;with this election, fadnavis, who does not have the advantage of political lineage or the backing of a numerically influential caste, has emerged as a pan-maharashtrian leader.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar have also rolled out an elaborate plan for tiger tourism.
;;0.0;;what right does the sbi chief has to make such a statement?
;;0.0;;patil said chief minister devendrafadnavis would be making a statement on the issue in the upper house, but this didnt happen.
;;0.128;;watch what else is making newshe was addressing the reporters in mumbai after a meeting of maratha arakshan samiti, also attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , co-operation minister chandrakant patil, pwd minister eknath shinde, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil, ncp leader ajit pawar, legal experts and principal secretaries of various departments.
;;0.0;;he also said fadnavis on wednesday took a review of the evidence to be submitted and the way in which lawyers would present the governments case.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with virgin hyperloop one ceo and board member rob lloyd in nevada, us.
;;-0.5574;;(express) chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting with virgin hyperloop one ceo and board member rob lloyd in nevada, us.
;;0.0;;(express)chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the virgin hyperloop one test site to discuss the technology, which is being explored along the mumbai-pune route to bring down travel time from three hours to 25 minutes.
;;-0.5574;;the cm held a meeting with virgin hyperloop one ceo and board member rob lloyd in nevada, usa.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, who is on the two-nation tour to explore investments and further economic ties through mega projects for maharashtra, also held meeting with oracle ceo safra catz in san francisco.
;;0.0;;according to fadnavis, the meeting is part of the ongoing initiative between oracle and the government to take forward the digital india and make in india missions under leadership of prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.4019;;she urged the chief minister to help fast-track investments in data centres.
;;0.5267;;the cm reciprocated positively.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis reiterated that government wanted to maximise the applications of artificial intelligence in areas and projects, which would bring change in the lives of common citizens.
;;0.34;;less than ten days after an assurance from chief minister devendrafadnavis that the kalina land would be considered as an alternative to aarey for metro 3 car shed, mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc) officials in a meeting with environmentalists shot down the proposal.
;;0.0;;the cm spoke of a 20-hectare car shed, then how can mmrc talk of 25-hectares?
;;0.4939;;chief minister devendrafadnavis convened a meeting of senior politicians from various parties, legal luminaries, and bureaucrats at his officialsouth mumbai residence to consider steps to defend the reservation in court.
;;0.4019;;he said the chief minister would also be seeking help from the centre to obtain some more statistical data from the socio-economic census report to bolster its case in court.
;;-0.0258;;announcing that a consensus had been reached and farmers had called off their strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who described the decision as historic, told the indian express: the loan waiver is for all farmers and not confined to just small and marginal categories.
;;0.0;;in october 2014, when the devendrafadnavis government took over the reins of the state, the same was 32.
;;-0.7184;;explained focus on ongoing projects pays dividends just as the debate rages on why chief minister devendrafadnavis has failed to walk the talk and take action against politicians who were accused by the bjp itself of wrongdoing in irrigation projects taken up during the past regime, his government has focussed on completion of last-mile projects and fast-tracking the construction of canals and sub-canals to ensure more farm area is brought under irrigation.
;;0.5106;;now just ahead of the 2019 assembly polls, the devendrafadnavis government has come out with statistics regarding increase in the irrigated land area and additional irrigation potential created.
;;-0.1027;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: file photo)the ongoing strike by radiologists across the state against what they called irrational implementation of the pcpndt act was called off on wednesday, with the maharashtra state branch of indian radiology and imaging association (msbiria) stating that chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised to look into their demands.
;;-0.3169;;watch video: whats making newsa committee of the protesting radiologists held a meeting with fadnavis on tuesday, putting forward their demands to quash all charges against dr jape, release his machines and to issue clear guidelines for uniform implementation of the act so that officers do not initiate such harsh action, including sealing of machines for errors in paperwork.
;;0.8847;;the cm has agreed to our demands and thus we are calling off the strike but we will make sure the promises made to us are fulfilled, said dr jignesh thakker, coordinator for indian radiology and imaging association (iria).
;;-0.1295;;in the absence of emotive plank which has always worked to its advantage, he will not have an easy battle in mumbai, especially when the bjp is promoting the development plank under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the elections.
;;-0.4215;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)a bill to prevent attacks on journalists will be introduced in the ongoing budget session of the maharashtra legislature, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the state legislative assembly on saturday.
;;-0.8625;;fadnavis made the statement while replying to a discussion in the lower house over the debate on a bill to amend the indian penal code and crpc act, seeking to enhance the punishment for attacking public servants from the present three years to five years imprisonment and making the offence cognisable and non-bailable.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had yesterday introduced the bill in the assembly.
;;0.6369;;the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri-chinchwadas a single urban conglomeration the state government had initially clubbed both pune and pimpri-chinchwadas a single urban conglomerationon december 30 last year, chief minister devendrafadnavis had taken to twitter to thank prime minister narendra modi and union urban development minister venkaiah naidu for the inclusion of pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc) in the smart cities mission.
;;0.4019;;documents show that on september 30, 2015, fadnavis had written to naidu, asking for the inclusion of pcmc in the smart cities list.
;;0.4588;;in his letter, fadnavis wrote, pimpari-chinchwad (sic) is a rapidly growing city with a huge potential for development.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, i am deeply moved by the silent protest which displays both the might and also the great restraint by the community.
;;0.2263;;in a letter to the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , state congress spokesperson sachin sawant said that scrapped notes worth rs 2.
;;0.128;;gavande in his letter to the cm had said that there is a need to probe whether any illegal alterations in index-11 pertaining to the sale deed was carried out and how the minister might have benefitted after reflecting the value of the said property at rs 3.
;;0.0;;gavande has requested the cm to consider the terms of reference and appoint the commission of inquiry.
;;-0.2263;;it rapped the state home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , over the security lapses and failing to appoint a police commissioner for the city which is considered a highly sensitive area.
;;-0.3818;;elections to the cash-rich bmc and nine other civic bodies in maharashtra, which virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, were held on tuesday.
;;0.128;;shinde, district chief of sena, claimed there was an undeclared alliance between the bjp and the ncp to stop the uddhav thackeray-led party from coming to power in the thane municipal corporation.
;;0.3818;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis of bjp was wrongly taking credit for various works in the city, including cluster development, metro and flyovers.
;;0.5106;;sattars move surprised many in the political circles as he was earlier in touch with the bjp and had also welcomed chief minister devendrafadnavis statewide tour.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc tweeted requests to citizens to stay indoors considering the situation outside and the forecast for more rains through the day.
;;0.0772;;a large number of people are participating in the jalyukt shivar scheme which is aimed at eliminating water scarcity in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
;;0.0;;so far 4500 villages got benefited from the scheme, the cm added.
;;-0.8658;;watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis said the government would press for death penalty against the guilty.
;;0.2933;;stating that the government was not empowered to impose a timeline for court proceedings, fadnavis assured the house that the investigators would be directed to chargesheet the accused within six days.
;;-0.7845;;we will then request the fast-track court to conduct legal proceedings on a day-to-day basis without adjournments, said the cm, adding, we will demand capital punishment for the criminals.
;;-0.6597;;after ncps ajit pawar pointed out that the investigation had shown the accused were under the influence of alcohol consumed from an illicit liquor joint functioning in the village, fadnavis also proposed enhancement of the punishment for illicit liquor operators from three years to ten.
;;-0.1027;;fadnavis later accused the opposition of playing politics over the incident.
;;0.0;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said bjp will come to power in the civic elections in mumbai on its own.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is the young rising star in the countrys political firmament.
;;-0.6124;;some of these opportunistic politicians have gone to the extent of politicising surgical strikes and also the recent warning by the army chief to those obstructing the anti-terrorist operations in jammu and kashmir.
;;0.0;;the allegations were first made by activist maruti bhapkar and later by the shiv sena, which took the issue to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the pcmc chief, however, dismissed the allegations, saying, the actual figure is rs 400 crore.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said this on monday at a freewheeling interactive session with the aam aadmi across maharashtra as he fielded a host of questions, from the possibility of a shiv sena-bjp post-poll alliance to water management and solar-driven metros.
;;0.0;;fadnavis fielded questions from the audience across mumbai, nagpur, pune, solapur, akola, gadchiroli, amravati and nashik, among others.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken after chief minister devendrafadnavis met union minister for environment and forests anil dave in delhi tuesday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis who has been relentlessly pursuing the project for last two and half years managed to get majority clearances from the nodal agencies at the centre.
;;0.0;;during the meeting with union minister for tourism and culture mahesh sharma, fadnavis suggested a team constituted by the centre to monitor the project.
;;0.2023;;khot, who was originally entrusted with two portfolios, has been given extra portfolios recently by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken at a meeting of state cabinet, chaired by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4939;;at the same time, the government would also act strictly against officials found hand in glove with such builders, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.0;;bmc polls 2017: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the bjp wont be contesting for mumbai mayor polls.
;;0.0;;(file photo) bmc polls 2017: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said the bjp wont be contesting for mumbai mayor polls.
;;-0.2263;;earlier this month, chief minister devendrafadnavis had slashed premiums collected for additional buildable space that are bound to bring down the cost of a construction project.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis held a meeting in which it was decided to present before the court that our land andthat reserved for a law university is different.
;;0.5106;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday expressed confidence that the bjp will come back to power in the state with an unprecedented mandate after the upcoming assembly polls.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis on saturday visited some tehsils in pune as part of the third leg of his mass outreach campaign.
;;0.4499;;advertisingtaking a swipe at ncp workers protest in baramati town here against his yatra, fadnavis wondered if article 370 (that earlier granted special status to jammu and kashmir but was recently abrogated) was imposed in sharad pawars bastion so as to not allow any other party to hold a rally there.
;;0.8555;;fadnavis expressed confidence that bhosale will win the by-election from satara with a huge margin.
;;0.4215;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis shiv senas performance in bmc and thane municipal polls has been astounding.
;;-0.25;;he registered his protest at the weekly cabinet meeting held at mantralya by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;kadam did not take the name of chief minister or any bjp minister while making his point.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;(file)once a project is sanctioned, prime minister narendra modi does not let the concerned ministers and officers sleep till it is completed, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.0;;however, uddhav said he did not plan to visit pandharpur to perform the official puja of vitthala, the state deity, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis who performs it annually.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewing the jalyukta shivar project at lambota village in latur district.
;;0.128;;on january 26, 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had launched the jalyukta shivar abhiyan, setting a target of bringing at least 25 lakh hectares of land under irrigation in three phases between 2015 and 2018.
;;0.128;;in march 2016, fadnavis launched another scheme as part of drought mitigation to supplement the ongoing works called magel tyala shettal farm ponds.
;;0.2732;;at successive review meetings on drought-mitigation plans, fadnavis had emphasised on completion of water conservation projects on priority to avail the rainfall in the next three to four months in the drought-hit region.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was also present.
;;0.0;;b'shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;(express archive) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray along with maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.1045;;(express archive)as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the state legislature friday that the government was altering the non-creamy layer definition for other backward classes (obcs) to include those with an annual income of up to rs 6 lakh, there was little doubt that the tinkering is politically significant, with elections to major urban local bodies slated for early next year.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis later promised to probe the matter, but precious time had been lost.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.5859;;while insiders from both parties and political observers said it was too early to say whether fridays show signalled a course correction, they agreed it had political overtones, with chief minister devendrafadnavis and senas uddhav thackeray coming together for the event.
;;0.1531;;we have also decided to invite chief minister devendrafadnavis , mns chief raj thackeray and former chief minister ashok chavan, said arvind shinde, congress house leader.
;;0.0;;ncps pune unit chief vandana chavan, however, dismissed the bjps claim.
;;-0.6249;;scindia also fired a salvo at chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying the government only made announcements but no development was visible on the ground.
;;-0.34;;earlier on monday, chavans close-aide, anandrao patil, a congress legislator, met chief minister devendrafadnavis , sparking speculations over his likely defection too.
;;-0.3182;;the former cm also targeted the government over job loss and downturn of the indian economy.
;;-0.0516;;at the same time, despite chief minister devendrafadnavis assurance to the assembly that there was no proposal before the state government for a separate statehood for vidarbha, opposition parties in the council refused to let the house function and demanded that the cm propose an akhand maharashtra resolution.
;;-0.2235;;bjp wont join hands with congressmaharashtra chief minister maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis .
;;-0.4939;;on monday, chief minister shivraj singh chouhan tried to assuage frayed nerves, insisting that his government was taking all the necessary steps to address the issues of the agitating farmers.
;;0.4404;;amid mounting pressure, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis promised a loan waiver to small and marginal farmers who were out of the institutional credit system.
;;-0.8591;;(source: file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday lauded prime minister narendra modis efforts to uplift the conditions of the poor and said earlier only hollow speeches were made about eradication of poverty, a veiled attack on previous congress-led governments.
;;-0.34;;fadnavis was speaking at a function organised to distribute loans to the needy under the nda governments mudra scheme in thane on sunday morning.
;;0.4215;;while distributing loans under the mudra scheme to around 4,600 beneficiaries, the cm advised them to use it for the purpose it was meant for and not anything else.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis speaking during a rally ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis speaking during a rally ahead of municipal elections in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.3818;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has agreed to extend the last date of filing objections against the draft regional plan after over 5,000 residents from different mumbai metropolitan regions protested at the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority (mmrda) office on friday.
;;0.4767;;the final approval of nominations came from chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and director general of indian council of agricultural research trilochan mohapatra were also present on the occasion.
;;0.743;;fadnavis praised the university and said, it is a proud moment for them to confer this degree to the head of the nations biggest social organisation.
;;0.5641;;often, national parties do not respect the states pride and they send their party activists as governors, impose upon the people a chief minister of their choice, and then the government is run based on their wishes.
;;0.0;;asked why the sena has put chief minister devendrafadnavis on notice period instead of just quitting the government, he said, mumbai polls and zilla parishad polls are coming.
;;0.0;;neet 2016: the combined result of sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
;;0.0;;(reopresentational) neet 2016: the combined result of sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
;;0.0;;in april last year, the state government had formed the sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis to probe into the cases of dummy candidates including many in pune.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday discussed a development plan for zero mile, which is the centre of india.
;;0.8402;;maharashtra is poised to become a trillion-dollar economy by 2025 with the support of good governance and robust policies, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday at the india economic summit 2018.
;;0.3818;;we have decided that by 2025 maharashtra will be a trillion-dollar economy  the only subnational economy in india to be in trillion-dollar club, said fadnavis, during a panel discussion on states as new engines of growth.
;;0.0;;in the three years, since the state started a decentralised water conservation scheme  jalyukta shivar, 11,000 villages have become water self-sufficient and drought-proof and 6,000 more villages were in the pipeline, claimed fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday held a meeting to access the key area results in various departments, including industries.
;;0.0;;at the meeting, fadnavis directed the officials in the industries department to pro-actively pursue the investments with electronic giants specially in korea, japan and taiwan.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis reiterated that governments commitment to provide roof to every poor dalit and backward family should be done by year 2019.
;;0.0;;fadnavis went ahead with his schedule and conducted the inauguration of the swimming pool and gymnasium in the evening.
;;0.0;;(file) fadnavis went ahead with his schedule and conducted the inauguration of the swimming pool and gymnasium in the evening.
;;-0.3818;;(file)the fight between the shiv sena and the bjp is out ahead of the civic polls as mumbai mayor snehal ambekar on saturday raised objections to chief minister devendrafadnavis programme of inaugurating a bmc-built swimming pool and gymnasium in dahisar (east).
;;-0.5106;;ambekar, who wrote a letter to fadnavis, said it was not the bmcs official event and stated it is an insult to prime minister narendra modis idea of cooperative federalism.
;;0.0;;ambekar stated that earlier, the union and state ministers and chief ministers have attended the events organized by bmc.
;;-0.4939;;since this is violation of protocol, you (chief minister) should not attend todays programme and attend those ones organized by bmc, she stated.
;;0.0;;however, fadnavis went ahead with his schedule and conducted the inauguration of the swimming pool and gymnasium in the evening.
;;0.0;;since she said she is not getting time of the cm, we met him and got his appointment.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday called for fast tracking of projects in the naxal corridor.
;;-0.1603;;the jalyukta shivar projects will not only help overcome drought but also enable farmers to reap two to three crops by rotation in a year, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)at the end of the first week of august, maharashtra has recorded completion of 90 per cent sowing of kharif crops.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the good rains have helped to almost complete sowing of multiple crops in this kharif season.
;;-0.2023;;last week, fadnavis did some tough talking with insurance companies hesitant to extend the crop loan insurance deadline from august 2 to august 10.
;;0.0258;;citing the smog scare in delhi, gadkari asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and the state machinery to ensure the countrys financial capital is protected, especially from water and air pollution.
;;0.0;;read | ahead of polls, maharashtra budget focuses on farm sectorchief minister devendrafadnavis said, our emphasis on agriculture and irrigation is a pledge to realise the double production and income of farmers.
;;0.0258;;irked at his behaviour, pimpri-chinchwads bjp unit has taken up the matter with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the pcmc panel chief added, it is highly inappropriate for an officer to pick up a file and bang it on the table.
;;0.0;;whatever happened has been conveyed to the cm, he said.
;;0.0;;so, we will present the tur imported from mozambique, sugar imported from pakistan and milk imported from gujarat and karnataka to chief minister devendrafadnavis on june 5, said nawale.
;;0.0;;(file)yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to keep a portion of the land in suburban bandra for playgrounds which the state government reportedly plans to sell to fund the mumbai-nagpur expressway.
;;0.0;;the government should set aside some of this land for playgrounds for mumbaikars, aaditya, son of shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, said in a letter to the cm.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed his condolences while many other political party leaders acknowledged his role in mobilising the work force in both the organised and unorganised sectors.
;;0.25;;0, where the city is poised to emerge as the next big thing in the start-up world, writes chief minister devendrafadnavis , in the foreword of the report.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on saturday that they have ascertained a total of179 passengers to be from the state.
;;0.4215;;on saturday, ncp mla ajit pawar raised the issue of the safety of the state tourists, following which the cm made a statement on the floor of the house.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis is looking to increase the thrust of communication and advertising to ramp up showcasing of his governments initiatives months before it turns three.
;;0.0;;according to the governments revised advertisement policy, the directorate general of information and public relations (dgipr), which fadnavis himself leads, has been made the nodal publicity agency for all government departments, state-run corporations, agencies and public sector units, among others.
;;0.765;;with the chief ministers office keen to play an active role in controlling messaging and the branding for advertisement campaigns across television, print, and digital mediums, fadnavis has also appointed a committee under the director general (information and publicity), brijesh singh, to chart out a publicity plan for all departments and agencies.
;;0.0;;the contractor was also asked to submit bill of entries but did not submit it, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in his reply to a question on this in the legislative council thursday.
;;0.5859;;shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express file photo) shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray (express file photo)in the run-up to the palghar lok sabha bypoll, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray released an audio clip, purportedly of chief minister devendrafadnavis asking bjp workers to use all possible means to win the by-election.
;;-0.2263;;after releasing the audio, thackeray demanded action against fadnavis by the election commission (ec).
;;0.0;;shiv sena mp sanjay raut said use of such language against an opponent does not befit a chief minister.
;;0.0;;maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) chief ashok chavan sought fadnavis clarification on the audio clip.
;;0.0;;the cm should issue clarification about the clip.
;;-0.705;;if the clip is authentic, then the chief minister should immediately resign, but if it is fake, then fadnavis should take action against uddhav thackeray, chavan said in a tweet.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis took the first initiative to reach out to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray to reassure him of the saffron alliance in the assembly polls.
;;0.6808;;at the district party review meet after the polls, fadnavis urged the cadre to take up the challenge to ensure that the bjp-sena together cross 230 in the house of 288 seats.
;;0.0;;the foundation stone laying ceremony of phase-i of the terminus was performed on june 27, 2015 by prabhu in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.296;;apart from all the major committees, chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier withdrawn bjps claims from the post of opposition leader too, which subsequently led to the confusion.
;;0.0;;the committee, constituted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday, will be led by minister for revenue and public works chandrakant patil.
;;0.5859;;on june 1 and 2, the cm held a meeting with the kisan kranti morcha and agreed to all their demands, including loan waiver and a proper minimum support price.
;;0.0258;;the government had announced the latest waiver following a farmers agitation on monday highly placed sources in the government told the indian express, the government is committed to give the loan waiver announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis to eligible farmers and tribals across maharashtra.
;;0.7506;;i, as the head of the state road safety corporation, would strongly like to voice my feelings on this proposal, said the senior shiv sena leader in a letter to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.3818;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said development of backward vidarbha and marathwada is integral for the overall growth of the state.
;;0.2732;;according to fadnavis, the solar energy requires initial investment in developing the infrastructure.
;;0.4215;;on december 28, a pmrda meeting, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had approved the detailed project report (dpr) for the metro route.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the maharashtra government would take steps to ensure the compulsory teaching of the marathi language as a subject in schools of all boards, including cbse and icse.
;;0.0;;we will make all necessary changes in the law, said fadnavis in the legislative council.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis gave water management lessons to school children in pune.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis gave water management lessons to school children in pune.
;;0.1027;;in a bid to spread awareness on water conservation among students at an early age, chief minister devendrafadnavis is taking his flagship water conservation project jalyukta shivar abhiyan, which has moved to the second phase and is spread across 5,500 villages, to primary schools.
;;0.0;;on wednesday, fadnavis donned the hat of a teacher and imparted lessons to schoolchildren of waghal village on the outskirts of pune.
;;0.0258;;bjp, which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is yet to make its stance clear on the mayoral poll.
;;-0.4215;;a meeting of the partys core committee was held at fadnavis official residence last night, but no annoucement was made later.
;;0.0;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis here on thursday inaugurated the building of maharashtras anti-terror unit force one which houses a training centre and hostel for the state commandos.
;;0.5719;;at a recent agriculture review meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis had directed nabard officials and district cooperative banks to evolve a mechanism to accommodate larger sections of farmers in the increased credit plan.
;;0.0258;;former minister for cooperation and marketing harshvardhan patil said, i think the chief minister should personally intervene in the matter urgently.
;;0.6428;;it remains a crucial issue for the election, i have raised it in election rallies as this election decides environment wins or ego of govt  aaditya thackeray (@authackeray) february 19, 2017in a press conference yesterday, aaps national executive member, preeti sharma menon said that in 2014, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had made promises to save the forest cover of the aarey milk colony, but has not kept the same.
;;0.0516;;efforts from fadnavis to reconcile with the sena seems to have fallen flat as the rift between the two parties continues to widen.
;;0.0;;read | among the five picked for maoist links: an editor, a lawyer, a professorathawale said he would officially discuss the issue with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.8481;;seeking a third consecutive rule in the civic body of the states second capital, which is also prestigious for the party owing to its status of being the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union surface transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari, the party didnt spare even some of them who used to be hard core rss cadre like shripad risaldar, who filed nomination against party veteran and leader in nmc dayashankar tiwari.
;;0.0;;incidentally, pragati is wife of ajay patil, who joined the bjp a few days ago after quitting as city ncp chief.
;;0.34;;he said fadnavis has been favouring the builder lobby since he took over as cm in 2014.
;;0.34;;(express photo by amit chakravarty) he said fadnavis has been favouring the builder lobby since he took over as cm in 2014.
;;-0.296;;(express photo by amit chakravarty)mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam has written to prime minister narendra modi, seeking action against chief minister devendrafadnavis over unlocking salt pan land and no development zones for affordable housing in mumbais development plan 2043.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has been deliberately trying to defile the ecological balance of mumbai.
;;0.34;;he said fadnavis has been favouring the builder lobby since he took over as cm in 2014.
;;0.2732;;cm claims it has been unlocked to create affordable housing.
;;0.4215;;mahalaxmi express train: at least 1,000 passengers, including nine pregnant women, have been rescued from the mahalaxmi express stranded near vangani in thane district due to water logging on tracks following heavy rains, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis confirmed on saturday.
;;0.4404;;chief spokesperson of the central railway sunil udasi said all 1,050 passengers were taken to a safe spot, pti reported.
;;0.5106;;follow today weather live updatescm fadnavis had instructed the chief secretary to personally monitor rescue operations.
;;0.0;;the gruelling campaign for civic polls in mumbai and nine other cities across maharashtra ended this evening, with the bjp shiv sena rift casting a shadow over the stability of the devendrafadnavis government.
;;0.0516;;allegations and counter-allegations flew thick all through the run-up for the election, which has virtually turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis , heading the states first bjp-led government, and sena chief uddhav thackeray, who led the front from their respective camps.
;;-0.8074;;midway through the campaign, thackeray put the fadnavis government on notice period, a threat which failed to deter the bjp from pushing ahead with its no-holds-barred assault on the estranged ally, mustering its full organisational strength.
;;-0.0258;;the sena chief, however, appears to have softened his stance later, saying the support to the government would depend upon what it would do for the distressed farmers, even as he ruled out post-poll pact with bjp in mumbai.
;;-0.128;;responding to the senas demand, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said that he had called for a report from the aurangabad divisional commissioner on the sector-wise allocation of water to industrial companies.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the government departments in maharashtra went on an overdrive to spend its funds by the end of the last fiscal, official spending records reveal.
;;0.0;;according to official estimates, the chief minister-led general administration department spent over 75 per cent of plan funds (rs 167 crore out of rs 223 crore) in march.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch the redevelopment project of the british-era bombay development directorate (bdd) chawls in the city on april 22, an official from the housing department said on thursday.
;;0.0;;after the high-voltage march to the temple by the bhumata brigade volunteers, which was foiled mid-way, chief minister devendrafadnavis called for a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out of the row.
;;0.8126;;(source: getty images)the maharashtra government will develop artificial intelligence (ai) clusters with foreign partnership, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday after he met the vice premier of quebec, dominique anglade, to promote ai whose applications, which the cm said, would help in sustainable farming and agriculture in maharashtra.
;;-0.4019;;a chopper flying with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis crash landed in nilanga in latur, maharashtra on monday.
;;0.6597;;the cm also released a video assuring of the safety of his team.
;;0.5423;;honorable cm of maharashtra was also on board, a senior official of directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) said.
;;0.2732;;spoke to commander of the flight as well as honble cm.
;;-0.1531;;(express)earlier in may, fadnavis had to travel by road from the naxal affected gadchiroli district to nagpur after his chopper developed a technical snag before take off, police said.
;;0.0;;earlier, on march 28, chief minister devendrafadnavis had defended nilangekar in the legislative assembly stating that he was just a guarantor for the loan and the ots was done as per rbi guidelines.
;;-0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the demand for incorporating the word -maharaj  was long pending.
;;0.0258;;the main fight is widely considered to be between ajit pawar-led ncp, the ruling party and bjp, which has gone all-out to snatch power from ncp with chief minister devendrafadnavis himself closely monitoring the partys fortunes.
;;0.34;;with many turncoats by their side, the bjp launched all-out assault with several top leaders, including fadnavis and union ministers such as manohar parrikar, holding a slew of rallies to impress the voters and seeking a chance to prove their mettle.
;;0.3612;;in rallies after rallies, the cm and other bjp leaders targeted ncp for corruption and promised transparency.
;;0.25;;in his concluding rally, fadnavis urged voters to give bjp a chance to carry out five times more development work.
;;-0.1027;;the bjp and the cm should show us one city in maharashtra that can be compared to pimpri-chinchwad on the development index, ajit pawar challenged fadnavis during a public rally.
;;-0.0644;;earlier, we agitated in nashik when chief minister devendrafadnavis assured us to meet our demands but nothing has been implemented on ground.
;;0.3818;;at the mahajanadesh yatra commencing from august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis is going to make a bold assertion of states transformation from magnetic maharashtra to new maharashtra.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe cm will cover 150 assembly constituencies of the total 288 across the state.
;;0.802;;the theme on the lines of new india which was reinforced during 2019 lok sabha is aimed at creating awareness amongst the people to reckon the larger and ambitious inclusive politics and good governance under the leadership of fadnavis.
;;0.0;;five years ago, fadnavis emphasised on connect and communication.
;;0.0;;(express photo/ganesh shirsekar )on june 17 last year, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office deposited rs 90,000 in the official bank account of a heart hospital in mumbai.
;;0.3612;;unwilling to backtrack, thackeray said, we would like the cm to explain to us the meaning of saam, daam, dand, bhed.
;;0.296;;we are willing to join the marathi language classes of fadnavis.
;;0.3612;;(express photo by nirmal harindran) unwilling to backtrack, thackeray said, we would like the cm to explain to us the meaning of saam, daam, dand, bhed.
;;0.296;;we are willing to join the marathi language classes of fadnavis.
;;-0.6908;;(express photo by nirmal harindran)the war of words between chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray continued on sunday over the controversial audio clip.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis on sunday provided the entire 14-minute audio clip of his address to party workers to the state election commission.
;;0.3612;;unwilling to backtrack, thackeray said, we would like the cm to explain to us the meaning of saam, daam, dand, bhed.
;;0.296;;we are willing to join the marathi language classes of fadnavis.
;;0.0772;;we want the ec to look into the objectionable speech of the cm and take action.
;;0.0;;the statue of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji, to come up in the arabian sea, will be the tallest in the world, chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said in the state assembly.
;;0.0;;chavan said, the fadnavis government altered the design where it reduced the height of the statue from 160 metres to 121.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;express photo maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state has enacted a special law to effectively check attacks against mediapersons.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis added, while the act is in place, i would appeal to all media associations to ensure it is not misused.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4404;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will hold a fundraising session in mantra-laya on thursday to attract corporate social responsibility (csr) funds for the governments flagship model village scheme.
;;0.4019;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said three years of prime minister narendra modi government at the centre had given a boost to the development of maharashtra.
;;0.4939;;in an article written in the state government in-house magazine maharashtra ahead, fadnavis described modis government as incredible and invincible india.
;;-0.3182;;fadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and the bjps ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across the state for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
;;-0.3182;;fadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and the bjps ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across the state for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
;;0.0;;four farmers ended their lives in maharashtra in the last two days, including one in solapur district who left a note purportedly stating that he should not be cremated till the chief minister visits his place and meets their demands.
;;0.3182;;please take my body to village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
;;-0.6705;;bhosale said the farmers suicide note stated his body should not be cremated until the chief minister visits his place and announces a loan waiver for the farmers.
;;-0.3182;;fadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and the bjps ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across the state for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
;;-0.4215;;he criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for not acting against tainted ministers.
;;0.34;;still, chief minister devendrafadnavis gives them a clean chit and also inducts various anti-social elements in the partywhen exposed the bjp leaders speak untruth, sawant stated.
;;0.5859;;the polls also hold special significance for maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has already been projected by the ruling bjp as the face of its campaign for these elections.
;;0.6808;;praveen pardeshi, additional chief secretary to chief minister devendrafadnavis , gave a presentation on reforms undertaken by the government for improved ease of doing business.
;;0.4767;;the new policy is awaiting final approval of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.0772;;the incident created tension as it took place a day before chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to akola as part of his mahajanadesh yatra programme.
;;-0.128;;the shiv sena has already urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to consider its demand for crop loan waiver.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis has already given assurance to look into the matter.
;;0.0;;but we are not going to vote against the fadnavis government.
;;0.743;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the growth and success of the bjp is because of its workers.
;;0.7269;;the senas remarks on judiciary came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis assured the dahi handi coordination committee members that maharashtras advocate general will represent the state in the supreme court at the next hearing.
;;0.25;;the delegation held a meeting with fadnavis yesterday in the backdrop of the supreme court order on wednesday, which restricted the height of dahi handis to 20 feet and allowed persons above 18 years of age to participate in the human pyramids.
;;-0.4215;;in a snub to maharashtra bjp president and revenue minister chandrakant patil, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray sunday said the decision about seat-sharing for the assembly polls would be taken by him, chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp national president amit shah.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe only people who will decide the seat-sharing are chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah and i, said thackeray while talking to mediapersons on sunday.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a tour of the us and canada, said in a statement, bhaiyyuji maharaj contributed immensely to social welfare work in the field of water conservation, education, land reforms and mass marriages for the poor.
;;0.0;;a poster congratulating devendrafadnavis for the loan announcement.
;;0.0;;(source: ganesh shirsekar) a poster congratulating devendrafadnavis for the loan announcement.
;;-0.7269;;a senior bjp minister confirmed to the indian express that the shiv senas role in the ongoing protest was discussed in detail during a meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence late tuesday evening to take stock of the crisis.
;;0.4939;;the shiv sena, on the other hand, has continued to publicly target fadnavis and the bjp over the issue.
;;0.0757;;thackerays party has joined the chorus for a blanket loan waiver, which fadnavis is not in favour of.
;;0.7351;;while fadnavis had earlier indicated that his government would extend a relief package to farmers with landholdings below 5 acres, high level sources said the government could adopt a region-wise cap to ensure vulnerable farmers in suicide-prone vidarbha and marathwada were covered under the package.
;;-0.4019;;on wednesday morning, shiv sena ministers met fadnavis to convey their inability to attend the meeting.
;;0.5106;;b'on november 11, 2016, the fadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
;;0.5106;;(file) on november 11, 2016, the fadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
;;-0.25;;(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday cancelled a directive issued to the mumbai municipality just two days before sanctioning mumbais new development plan.
;;0.4588;;while the government-sanctioned mumbais new development plan on april 25 this year, the urban development (ud) department led by fadnavis had on april 23 proposed a modification to section 34 of the development control (dc) rules to benefit luxury projects on mill lands.
;;0.5106;;on november 11, 2016, the fadnavis government had hiked the fsi/tdr for those who surrendered land areas for the reservation free of any encroachments.
;;0.802;;chief engineer (development plan) sanjay darade, on november 7, 2017, wrote to the government, the tdr/fsi benefit had been granted at the time of hand over of the reservation as per the prevailing regulation.
;;-0.4939;;(source: file photo)a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis hit out at the former bjp ally for alleged extortion, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray hit back and said there was a fear among many that fadnavis had become the cm of goons.
;;0.0;;the earlier image of the cm has been maligned.
;;-0.3818;;fadnavis had saturday launched a blistering attack on the sena, in the aftermath of the latter deciding to snap ties with the bjp ahead of the civic polls.
;;0.0;;addressing a gathering of bjp workers in mumbai as part of the partys vijay sankalp melava (resolve for victory rally) in goregaon saturday, the same venue where uddhav had on january 26 announced the split, fadnavis alleged that sena was into extortion, calling uddhav duryodhana.
;;0.0;;similarly, nobody becomes lord krishna just because one thinks (of himself) so, uddhav said while taking a swipe at the cm, who mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar had referred to as krishna.
;;0.0;;mandir banayenge, par kab banayenge (you will build the temple, but when will you), asked the sena chief.
;;0.0;;after the high courts decision was pronounced on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis took to twitter to express his views.
;;0.0;;in one of his posts, fadnavis referred to the rulings effect on mumbai suburbs too.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendra fadnavisit was just last week when ncp chief and veteran leader sharad pawar made a sarcastic remark targeting chief minister devendrafadnavis , saying, someone who does not understand mumbai and maharashtra is asking people to repose faith in his words.
;;0.0;;mns president raj thackeray used to often dismiss fadnavis as a nagpurian with little understanding of mumbai.
;;0.0;;his cousin and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray too tore into fadnavis after the snapping of the pre-poll alliance.
;;-0.4118;;then there were in-house critics within the bjp who would find faults with the young cm arguing that he might be a nice man but does not understand the complex politics of maharashtra.
;;-0.296;;there were plenty of critics too after the way fadnavis handled the issue of karan johars movie starring artistes from pakistan.
;;0.2732;;on october 31, 2014, when he took the reins of the maharshtra government as the cm, fandavis had promised to take the state ahead through hard work and development.
;;0.0;;working 18 to 20 hours a day, which calls for meticulous time management, fadnavis set in motion major socio-economic reforms which appears to have yielded results in both urban and rural maharashtra.
;;0.4019;;the core team of the bjp, which was roped in to evolve new poll strategy and campaign, took a decision to project fadnavis as the face of the party in maharashtra.
;;0.0;;now, in the last two elections, fadnavis was their star campaigner.
;;0.6486;;however, what set this elections apart was the projection of fadnavis to effectively highlight the five policy reforms that has been taken by the government in the last two years.
;;0.0258;;there was also the use of a three-dimensional hologram of the cm through a mobile app to reach a wider audience on the lines of narendra modis gujarat assembly campaign of 2012.
;;0.743;;bjp strategist shrikant bharatiya says, the development vision of fadnavis coupled with his integrity and clean character helped in taking the bjp to the masses.
;;0.1531;;advertisingmiffed at the ed notice to their party chief, mns workers had announced a bandh in thane district even as some mns leaders had warned the public to step out on the streets of mumbai on august 22 only if required.
;;0.0258;;our president has asked us to ensure that the we do not do anything that would cause inconvenience to the public and hence we are taking back the call for the bandh, mns thane chief avinash jadhav said.
;;0.6597;;the ncp also came out in support of raj thackeray with party leader vidya chavan holding a meeting with the mns chief at his dadar residence.
;;0.0;;filethe mira-bhayander stretch will soon get a police commissionerate of its own, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on wednesday.
;;-0.1139;;it further urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to not invite jaleel for any government programme henceforth.
;;0.6369;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up the uphill task with a strict timeline to give a boost to core sectors like primary and secondary education, health and agriculture.
;;0.4019;;at internal meetings, fadnavis, however, cautioned his team that the digital revolution needs to be adequately backed by stronger infrastructure in the core sectors of health, education and the agriculture departments to serve its larger objectives.
;;0.6597;;fadnavis has laid greater thrust on better services in primary healthcare and primary and secondary school education across 40,000 villages.
;;0.1779;;while beginning the project from the epicentre of malnourishment, harisal (maleghat), fadnavis directed his team to extend the digital project to all tribal belts to bring them into the mainstream of development.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday called for a latur pattern in politics.
;;0.7096;;advertisingmehta succeeds ups madan who has been named as the special advisor to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , the official said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis sanctioned rs 33.
;;0.296;;taking note of the complaint, fadnavis cracked the whip on the administration and urged them to deliver justice immediately.
;;-0.3818;;on the first monday of every month, fadnavis spends a few hours through video conference to address citizens complains across 36 districts of maharashtra.
;;0.1779;;today, fadnavis addressed 25 cases related to ordinary citizens problems and provided justice on the spot.
;;0.0;;presenting the report card of the government and seeking an absolute mandate in the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday travelled through the naxal corridor across districts of gondia to gadchiroli on day 4 of his mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.5423;;the cm emphasised on welfare schemes for tribals and paddy farmers, announcing a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for paddy.
;;0.1531;;advertisingat navegaon bandh in arjuni taluka of gondia district, fadnavis stepped out of his rath into the open, setting aside his security ring, and walked into a village tea stall called yatharth raj.
;;0.2732;;with his act, fadnavis appears to have conveyed a message of all is well in the naxal belt.
;;0.0;;standing in the open rath, fadnavis interacted with people across villages and towns.
;;0.2263;;whether it was wadsa desai gang in gadchiroli or brahmapuri in chandrapur, the cm talked about how tribal reforms in agriculture and education were transforming livelihoods.
;;0.2263;;fadnavis also unveiled the government developmental plan worth rs 1 lakh crore for transformation of the naxal corridor.
;;0.0;;late into the night, the cm addressed a large crowd at gadchiroli.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has visited gadchiroli 11 times in the last five years.
;;0.6249;;reacting to these findings, chief minister devendrafadnavis promised strict action against those fraudulently claiming benefits.
;;0.0;;the move followed recommendations by the cmrf scrutiny committee, which was set up by fadnavis on september 7, 2017.
;;0.0;;yes, i have complained to the cm.
;;0.6808;;sources in the bjp said chief minister devendrafadnavis had flashed a smart card to effectively counter rivals both in-house and opposition using the anti-corruption bait.
;;-0.2201;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
;;-0.2201;;(file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
;;-0.2201;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has appealed to bjp workers not to remain defensive on the controversial maratha reservation.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said redevelopment of bdd chawls will raise the standard of living of over 12,000 families currently staying in close-packed homes.
;;0.6326;;this (redevelopment) project is going to be one of the most prestigious and beautiful urban development project in the country, it will raise the standard of living of thousands of people living in a close-packed 160 sq ft premises, said the chief minister.
;;0.0;;fadnavis performed the groundbreaking ceremony (bhoomipujan) for redevelopment projects of the bdd chawls in south mumbai.
;;-0.4767;;fadnavis blamed the previous government for not working to materialise this redevelopment project.
;;0.3612;;housing minister prakash mehta credited chief minister devendrafadnavis for removing the hurdles that were coming in the way of the redevelopment project.
;;0.4215;;khedkar hopes to meet chief minister devendrafadnavis too.
;;0.2023;;the changes were incorporated by chief minister devendrafadnavis after the core committee recommended allocation of rs 10,000 to small and marginal farmers only.
;;0.0258;;the cm suggested that national/commercial banks should use district central cooperative banks network to reach the farmers.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday chaired a marathon meeting of senior ministers, mlas and mps from the state to discuss the maratha rallies, those that have already taken place and those being planned in the coming days.
;;-0.8779;;two months after suffering its worst defeat in the lok sabha elections, the ncp faced yet another setback on thursday with its mumbai chief joining the shiv sena and a couple of other mlas also likely to dump the party.
;;0.5994;;ncp leader jitendra avhwad said, he (ahir) has not even given a thought to what our party chief will thinkadvertisingsenior ncp leader madhukar pichads son vaibhav has indicated that he might join the bjp.
;;0.0;;he met chief minister devendrafadnavis and discussed his candidature from akole in ahmednagar district, from where he was elected on an ncp ticket, bjp sources said.
;;-0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed grief over the loss of lives in the explosion and announced rs 5 lakh compensation to the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.4215;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis criticised the judiciary on the floor of the state legislative assembly on thursday.
;;0.7096;;asking questions over the efficiency of the cm, justice dharm-adhikari, during a hearing of a case in this regard, had reportedly observed, what is the cm doing?
;;0.0;;advertisingreferring to these observations during proceedings in the assembly, fadnavis said, there is nothing pending with the cm in these cases.
;;0.0;;fadnavis went on to cite a court ruling that said oral remarks did not amount to judicial orders.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was replying to a discussion on the governors speech.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis friday declared a waiver of stamp duty and registration fee for crop loans and term loans up to rs 2.
;;0.0;;the cm had convened a meeting to review crop loans at his official bungalow in south mumbai, with the kharif sowing season for 2016-17 approaching.
;;0.0;;at the meeting, fadnavis observed that in several places, it has been found that banks are deducting the crop insurance amount while restructuring crop loans in drought-hit belts.
;;0.2263;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)the bjp unit in maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis made the remarks in reference to reports speculating mid-term polls in the state against the backdrop of farmers stir for loan waiver in view of the agrarian crisis.
;;0.8126;;buoyed by the bjps success in maharashtra local bodies polls, held recently, fadnavis exuded confidence that people of the state were with the saffron party notwithstanding various agitations in the state.
;;0.1531;;the fadnavis government had agreed to the long-standing demand of farmers and announced a loan waiver for them last sunday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis was communicating with his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
;;0.1027;;fadnavis also spoke to the pm, home minister and defence minister.
;;0.1779;;watch what else is in the newshe further alleged chief minister devendrafadnavis had also pressurised civic officials to give a certain plot of bit chawl in south mumbai to a particular developer.
;;-0.6675;;if the bjp does not win 114 seats, will shelar and fadnavis resign from their posts, asked shewale.
;;0.2023;;he further asked fadnavis to make public names of the people, including a top industrialist whom he met on the night of demonetisation.
;;0.0;;the bjp refuted the allegations against fadnavis.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis and the government have no role in it.
;;0.0772;;rather, i challenge them to declare names of contractors whom shewale met, (and) the civic officials and the people who visited matoshree at night, said madhav bhandari, chief spokesperson of bjp.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendra modi with bjp president amit shah at chief ministers conference in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with bjp president amit shah at chief ministers conference in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.4404;;the panel includes maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , jharkhand cm raghubar das and vinay sahasrabudhe, in charge of the bjps national good governance cell, which organised the conclave.
;;0.0;;it is the joint responsibility of the central and state governments that we together build a pro-poor welfare state and change the life of the common man, shah was quoted as saying by fadnavis, who addressed the media earlier in the day.
;;0.0;;the cms talked about arriving at a common threshold, which fadnavis defined as a set of schemes which all party-rules states could roll out fully.
;;0.296;;shetti was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
;;0.296;;(representational purpose) shetti was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
;;0.296;;he was reacting to chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that some political parties are behind the strike.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra government will soon initiate a pension scheme for journalists in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative council on friday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was responding to a calling attention motion moved by the congress member sanjay dutt.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao inspecting the tunnel along with chief minister devendrafadnavis at raj bhavan.
;;0.0;;(source: twitter/devendra fadnavis) maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao inspecting the tunnel along with chief minister devendrafadnavis at raj bhavan.
;;0.0;;the governor, who visited the bunker along with his wife and chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday, has decided to consult experts from various fields regarding its preservation.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis visited the bunker late in the evening tuesday.
;;0.0;;advertisingramdev, who will be attending an international yoga day event in maharashtras nanded on june 21, which will be attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was talking to reporters.
;;-0.5574;;rane also fired a salvo at chief minister devendrafadnavis , alleging that elements within the bjp were plotting to destablise the government.
;;-0.4588;;he accused fadnavis of misleading the house on the separate vidarbha row, alleging that it was a desperate bid to save his own chair.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who conceptualised the detailed plan indicated that the real objective of the nagpur-mumbai supercommunication expressway is not about hi-speed travel.
;;0.4215;;prabhu was in the city yesterday and held a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis where they reviewed the progress of rail projects in the state.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis termed it as a historic decision to provide relief to the farmers.
;;0.0;;patil, who headed a high-powered committee set up by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was speaking to reporters after holding discussions with farmer leaders.
;;-0.4404;;a delegation of ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis , who denied issuing any such order from the general administrative department (gad).
;;-0.3818;;fadnavis is leading the bjps battle.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday shifted principal secretary milind mhaiskar out of the cmo, giving him the key post of vice-president and chief executive officer of the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada).
;;0.2263;;fadnavis is yet to announce mhaiskars successor.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also made four other changes in the bureaucracy on wednesday.
;;0.0;;ravindra binwade (2012), chief executive officer, ahmednagar zilla parishad, was replaced by vv mane (2009).
;;0.0;;the bandra boy, ashish shelar (46), on sunday made it to the state cabinet, led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4588;;today, i am grateful to prime minister narendra modiji, bjp president amit shahji, chief minister devendra fadnavisji for considering me for the cabinet minister role.
;;0.0;;regarding a meeting of congress leader harshavardhan patil with chief minister devendrafadnavis , which has led to speculations of patil joining the bjp, thorat said his permission was taken.
;;0.0;;patil had taken my permission before meeting the cm, he said.
;;-0.1531;;minutes after chief minister devendrafadnavis held a press conference in the city highlighting the industrial progress made by maharashtra during his five-year tenure, senior congress leader and former cm prithviraj chavan said the cm was lying and trying to mislead the people of state.
;;-0.4019;;he alleged that the government was refusing to probe into corruption allegations against the cm made by the congress.
;;0.7506;;b'soon after he exited his crash-landed chopper thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he felt protected by the blessings of the people of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;soon after the landing, prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah spoke to fadnavis about his well-being.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
;;0.0;;the taming of sena was believed to be an outcome of chief minister devendrafadnavis telephone call to sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.1779;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday assured filmmaker karan johar that the state government will ensure smooth release of his directorial project ae dil hai mushkil, which is facing threat from mns for featuring a pakistani actor in it.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and other senior ministers paid their condolences.
;;0.0;;fundkar was inducted into the devendrafadnavis government in july 2016.
;;0.4215;;(source: pti/file)the chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the government will reconstitute the project affected peoples relief and rehabilitation authority which had become defunct for the last six years during the congress-ncp government.
;;-0.5106;;fadnavis has turned his attention to address the problems faced by the project affected persons on humanitarian grounds through firm administrative reforms.
;;0.1779;;taking cognisance of the state of project displaced persons, fadnavis has decided to streamline the authority which would then district wise look at the problems of the people and provide an alternative.
;;-0.5106;;fadnavis has also directed the water resources ministry and ministry of finance to accord highest priority to irrigation projects whose works have been 75 per cent complete with problems related to project affected persons.
;;0.6705;;referring to the call of a statewide signature campaign by opposition parties, demanding a switch from evms to ballot paper system on august 21, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said that they think that elections are won on the basis of electronic voting machines (evms).
;;0.1779;;co/iywycujhex  ani (@ani) august 3, 2019the chief minister attacked the opposition and asked why the evms were not malfunctioning when supriya sule won?
;;0.3612;;mocking the congress, fadnavis remarked that the party was like a student sitting in an exam who is making excuses for not knowing anything.
;;-0.2263;;the sena had retorted by demanding a clarification from chief minister devendrafadnavis and said that by making below the belt comments, the bjp probably wanted to finish off its own government.
;;0.0;;it is shocking that a cm, who otherwise gives such good speeches in public, is from the last two years digesting the criticism aimed at his party in sena mouthpiece, he added.
;;0.0;;more than 6 lakh people have sent their suggestions to chief minister devendrafadnavis in the last five days for the bjps mumbai makeover plan.
;;0.6597;;a decision taken by the chief of the party (shiv sena) cannot be changed by the president of another party.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackerays son aaditya thackeray were also present at the meeting which lasted about two hours.
;;0.0;;b'prime minister narendra modi meets chief ministers j khattar, d fadnavis and harish rawat at the eleventh inter-state council meeting at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi on saturday.
;;0.0;;pti photo prime minister narendra modi meets chief ministers j khattar, d fadnavis and harish rawat at the eleventh inter-state council meeting at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi on saturday.
;;-0.4588;;pti photoopposition parties on sunday boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of beginning of the monsoon session of state legislature over the gang-rape and murder of a minor girl in ahmednagar district.
;;-0.4767;;while the leader of opposition in legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil demanded resignation of fadnavis, who heads home ministry, on moral grounds over the incident, the leader of opposition in legislative council dhananjay munde asked for a high-level inquiry into the incident.
;;0.0;;we have a chief minister who also holds home portfolio.
;;0.0;;appearing unfazed fadnavis said he had never seen an opposition without any issues.
;;-0.2263;;munde, sulking after the portfolio was taken out from her by fadnavis, had refused to participate in a global water leaders meet in singapore by virtue of not being water conservation minister anymore.
;;0.0;;in his tweet, fadnavis had prodded munde to attend the event.
;;0.4767;;the bjp on thursday submitted a list of 114 seats for the crucial brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections on february 21 to chief minister devendrafadnavis for his approval.
;;0.0;;a highly placed source in the bjp confirmed to the indian express, mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar has forwarded the list of 114 seats to fadnavis.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis conveyed to the mumbai team that they should still try to work out a formula mutually acceptable to the shiv sena.
;;0.0;;mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar said, the bjp has already incorporated tax exemption for houses up to 500 square feet in its bmc election manifesto.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe editorial also referred to chief minister devendrafadnavis statements made at the senas foundation day on wedensday.
;;0.0;;it is the answer by the cm to the media, who is discussing about the cms post in the alliance.
;;0.0;;when we said alliance means equal distribution of everything, the cm heartily acknowledged it.
;;0.0;;released in february last year, the video has a song sung by amruta fadnavis, the wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with singer sonu nigam.
;;0.4939;;the song also features the chief minister, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, bmc chief ajoy mehta and former mumbai police commissioner datta padsalgikar joining the appeal to save the rivers.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis at the bhoomi pujan of the infrastructure projects on monday.
;;0.0;;(express photo by deepak joshi) devendrafadnavis at the bhoomi pujan of the infrastructure projects on monday.
;;0.0;;50 lakh crore infrastructure projects in mumbai and thane and prioritize the sons of the soil in these projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday.
;;0.0;;chief minister performed the bhoomi pujan for elevated road and tunnel connecting thane-belapur road and national highway (nh-4).
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.5719;;(file)the mumbai unit of the congress on wednesday alleged a scam in expenses on tea served at chief minister devendrafadnavis office and claimed that there has been an unusual rise in the amount spent on it.
;;-0.2023;;fadnavis has taken this a bit too far since the chai he is drinking cannot be sold at a regular tea stall.
;;0.5859;;however, though the shiv sena cited fears over how the regime could impact the functional autonomy of municipalities and even usher in price rise during the initial years, it voted in favour of the resolution after securing a concrete assurance from chief minister devendrafadnavis regarding the riders.
;;0.5719;;fadnavis later committed that a law would be enacted at the state level to ensure the funds are directly devolved to the civic coffers.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday urged voters in pimpri chinchwad to vote the bjp to power, promising five times more development in the region than what has been done.
;;0.0;;fadnavis spoke for 20 minutes.
;;0.6249;;(file photo)even as the decision by the maharashtra government to announce a complete loan waiver for farmers was met with euphoria among farmers, detractors said nothing additional had been announced beyond the promises made when chief minister devendrafadnavis met protesting farmers on june 3.
;;-0.3182;;on june 3, fadnavis after his talks with a delegation of protesting farmers had announced a loan waiver that was to be effective from october 31, 2017, and restricted to small and marginal farmers with landholdings of 5 acres.
;;-0.5994;;(file)the real tribute to late gopinath munde will be to take ahead his work and bring development to the last man and the last mile, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday, addressing a public gathering organised at parli in beed to observe the fourth death anniversary of former union minister gopinath munde.
;;-0.3182;;his politics was a struggle and not compromise, the cm added.
;;0.3182;;ahead of the lok sabha elections, the fadnavis government had sanctioned a fresh plan for the slums makeover.
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis argued that his government had obtained all necessary permissions in this regard.
;;-0.4019;;taking note of the problem, chief minister devendrafadnavis has set officials to fix the existing faultlines in the system.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also urged national and commercial banks to work out modalities to provide higher crop loan access.
;;0.7096;;(representational image)the action council against tobacco (act) has urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to issue a circular in the interest of public health, directing all health inspectors, directors of panchayat and urban affairs, and secretaries of local bodies, to strictly monitor and ensure that shops selling tobacco products have the mandatory licence.
;;0.1255;;we have urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure that these guidelines are followed and these shops that exclusively sell tobacco products should not sell goods like toffees, candies, cakes and chips, said dr pankaj chaturvedi, head and neck surgeon at tata memorial hospital and secretary of act.
;;0.0;;(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)in order to inspect the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system in mumbai, ceo devendrafadnavis took a local train from churchgate on tuesday.
;;0.1027;;(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)(express photo by nirmal harindran) (express photo by nirmal harindran)georgieva, who reached mumbai on monday night, is also scheduled to meet with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and rbi governor urjit patel.
;;0.6597;;although he ducked questions on congress alliance with the nationalist congress party (ncp), he said the city unit will face the elections under the guidance of former chief minister prithviraj chavan and city party chief ramesh bagwe.
;;-0.3182;;chavan also alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis has lost control of his cabinet which, he said, was made apparent from a twitter exchange between fadnavis and rural development minister pankaja munde.
;;0.25;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also tweeted that he misses the guidance provided by rss supremo.
;;0.25;;(source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also tweeted that he misses the guidance provided by rss supremo.
;;0.3788;;(source: file photo)amidst a spar between the ruling alliance partners in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday greeted uddhav thackeray on shiv senas 50th anniversary, even as he greatly missed party founder late balasaheb thackerays guidance.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.4588;;it also said that both letters mentioned the gadchiroli encounters, and threatened fadnavis and his family members.
;;0.6908;;while the cm already enjoys security under the z plus category, however, this will be tightened depending on the places he visits.
;;0.714;;cm already enjoys z plus security but his security specially the places he visit will be upgraded- police sources.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.2732;;there were several other checks and balances as well, all of which were removed in the new draft, which was drawn up within months of the devendrafadnavis government taking over at the end of october 2014.
;;-0.4215;;when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis denied knowledge of the original draft, saying he had no information.
;;0.0;;the home portfolio is currently with chief minister fadnavis.
;;0.0;;according to officials, the drafting committee had submitted the first draft to chief minister fadnavis in november 2014, who had asked the home department to put it up for discussion among various stakeholders.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the report suggests 4,600 villages have become water neutral.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday once again pledged to make maharashtra drought-free.
;;-0.4019;;at the independ-ence day address from the open lawns of mantralaya in mumbai, fadnavis outlined the policy measures the government has decided to take to tackle the twin problems of drought and flood.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who chaired the cabinet meeting, said, through self-help groups, women from minority communities will be provided all required infrastructure and financial aid.
;;0.4019;;(express photo)the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on wednesday waded into the controversy over the demolition of ambedkar bhavan with chief minister devendrafadnavis calling the action unlawful.
;;-0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said considering the delay in the onset of monsoon, sms advisories have been sent to farmers in the state, asking them not to hurry with kharif sowing and take up the activity as per the rain predictions.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was talking to reporters here after chairing a state-level kharif review meeting, attended by imd officials, divisional commissioners, collectors, ministers and officials from agriculture, co-operative, animal husbandry departments.
;;-0.296;;for allotting the aarey land for the car shed, the chief minister-led urban development (ud) department had previously deleted 33 hectare of land from aareys no development zone.
;;0.0;;a panel constituted by chief minister devendrafadnavis to examine alternatives to aarey in 2015 had suggested a land in kanjurmarg.
;;0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has taken up the issue with the ministry of social justice and ministry of finance at the centre so that the projects can be taken ahead.
;;0.0;;shortly after taking charge of the government on october 31, 2014, fadnavis had taken up the first project of purchasing ambedkars london house where he stayed when he was a student.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo/representational) fadnavis, when contacted by the indian express, said he was not aware about the objections raised.
;;0.765;;(source: express photo/representational)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis flagship infrastructure project, the rs 46,000-crore nagpur-mumbai super communication expressway, has landed in a fresh controversy.
;;0.6597;;also, the minutes of a march 7 meeting convened by fadnavis show that the bid document and submissions from interested parties were discussed at that meeting.
;;0.0;;last week, union minister nitin gadkari, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis and rural development, women and child welfare minister pankaja munde, met a delegation of mill owners.
;;0.0;;addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis, however, had given a clean chit to deshmukh.
;;0.4767;;the cm is trying to protect his colleagues repeatedly by giving clean chits, he said, adding that the mcoca should be invoked against deshmukh for illegal construction.
;;-0.4939;;while the collector was himself busy with chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to murbad city to inaugurate a statue, tehsildars were asked to start assessing the damage in their areas.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has said a separate law had become necessary in the wake of a large number of such cases being reported from the districts.
;;0.0;;on may 2 this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also heads the urban development department, had applied this concept for all other municipalities with the exception of mumbai through a revision in the governments policy pertaining to transferable development rights (tdr) or development rights certificate.
;;0.3612;;keen to project the new policy as an achievement of the government in the run-up to the upcoming mumbai municipality polls, sources confirmed that the chief minister-led urban development department will soon roll out the new policy.
;;-0.4019;;mhatre had also complained against mundhe to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.2263;;the bjps bickering ally also rapped the state home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , over the security lapses and failing to appoint a police commissioner for the city, which is considered a highly sensitive area.
;;0.0258;;a delegation of hotel and restaurant operators across the state has also sought intervention of chief minister devendrafadnavis in the matter.
;;0.0;;middle vaitarna dam, a key source of water for the metropolis, was today rechristened after shiv sena founder bal thackeray at a function attended by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena head uddhav thackeray.
;;0.0;;fadnavis renamed the dam at an event organised at the site of it, built on vaitarna river in palghar district near here.
;;-0.8402;;asked about the state governments inaction against right-wing leader sambhaji bhide, accused of inciting the riot, athawale said chief minister devendrafadnavis has told him the police had no evidence against him.
;;0.2325;;advertisingwar roomwith a lot at stake in the upcoming assembly polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis does not want to leave anything to chance.
;;-0.7096;;while nitin gadkari, vinod tawde and ashish shelar attended the event, buzz is that fadnavis avoided it to avert any misunderstanding with the shiv senas leadership.
;;0.0;;mns chief raj thackeray and ncp chief sharad pawar cast their vote in mumbai today.
;;0.0;;express photo mns chief raj thackeray and ncp chief sharad pawar cast their vote in mumbai today.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/7liyoemgup  ani (@ani_news) february 21, 201710:50 am: chief minister devendrafadnavis emerged as the face of bjp during its campaign for civic elections across maharashtra.
;;0.7003;;bmc elections: shaina nc of bhartiya janata party (bjp) arrived at napeansea road polling booth bmc elections: shaina nc of bhartiya janata party (bjp) arrived at napeansea road polling booth10:15 am: maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray has reached a polling booth in mumbai accompanied by his mother, wife and renowned singer padmaja fenani.
;;0.0;;maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray at a polling booth.
;;0.0;;express photo maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray at a polling booth.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
;;0.3182;;(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
;;0.4588;;we are setting up a fund of rs 1,000 crore for helping all such manufacturers in defence sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters at a joint briefing along with defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai.
;;0.0;;e ravindran, who is currently holding the charge of the civic chief of bnmc, said, several notices were served to the owners and the buildings tenants asking them to vacate the structure.
;;-0.4939;;bjps local mp kapil patil said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have sought a detailed report on the collapse from the thane district collector.
;;0.0516;;the cm has also reportedly assured that the state will bear the medical expenses to be incurred on the treatment of victims.
;;0.6808;;on the other hand, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and actor amitabh bachchan wrote to sharma and pm narendra modi, respectively, to push for mumbai this time.
;;0.0;;chief minister of maharastra devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;express photo by deepak joshi) chief minister of maharastra devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6705;;express photo by deepak joshi)stressing that maharashtra has started changing under the bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis today appealed to people to show opponents of development their place even as he hailed the proposed mumbai-nagpur superhighway, saying it will make farmers rich.
;;0.7003;;interestingly, the bjps bickering alliance partner shiv sena had earlier taunted the cm on the ambitious project, named as samruddhi corridor.
;;0.3182;;on the occasion, the cm hailed the proposed 700-km samruddhi corridor, a flagship infrastructure project of his government.
;;0.4215;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis approved the national venom research centre project.
;;0.6705;;officials from haffkine institute said the project has been approved by chief minister devendrafadnavis and the union health ministry has been approached to support it.
;;-0.357;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said several unlawful activities that were not in national interest had been cited against islamic preacher zakir naik in a report submitted by the mumbai police to the state government.
;;0.0;;the mumbai police chief submitted the report to the state home ministry late monday.
;;-0.3818;;one senior sena leader said sainiks were also angry with chief minister devendrafadnavis for his remark that he might conduct an inquiry into the assets of uddhav thackerays family.
;;0.5267;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)ahead of the bjp rally in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said that the objective is to display the vastness of the party and inculcate confidence in grassroot workers for the big battle ahead (elections) in maharashtra and india.
;;0.3182;;drawing an analogy from the mahabharat, fadnavis referred to his earlier promise of convening a mammoth rally at mumbai.
;;-0.4215;;(pti photo)lambasting chief minister devendrafadnavis for indulging in blatant lies, ncp leader ajit pawar ruled out the possibility of any truck with shiv sena.
;;-0.3384;;watch what else is making newsmeanwhile, at the press conference convened by ncp, especially in the wake of the remarks made by chief minister devendrafadnavis last week, pawar said the cm was stooping very low, when he remarked that the ncp should be uprooted from pimpri-chinchwad.
;;0.5574;;entire maharashtra knows the progress made by pimpri-chinchwad, which is counted among the top cities of the country, he said, adding that the cm was employing the language that does not suit the office he holds.
;;-0.4215;;he further said that the cm was repeatedly indulging in blatant lies.
;;-0.5423;;despite the cm holding the charge of home ministry, crime rates across maharashtra have been rising, he said.
;;-0.128;;(file photo)alleging that the previous loan waiver scheme was plagued by frauds, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked the officials to ensure that the new scheme benefits only the needy farmers.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis slammed shiv sena tuesday saying uddhav thackeray had realised the sand under his feet was slipping in mumbai.
;;0.0;;in the last 48 hours, thackeray has at least four public meetings in mumbai and suburbs, trained guns on fadnavis and prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;deal with devendrafadnavis first.
;;0.4019;;the party has planned 10 public rallies to be addressed by fadnavis across mumbai and its suburbs.
;;0.0;;on thursday, fadnavis will hold his first rally at mulund and the second at jogeshwari.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis described auric as a game changer for marathwada.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis maharashtra government will present a full-fledged budget next year before going to polls in october-november 2019, according to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.34;;expresseven though shiv sena leader aaditya thackerays idea of setting up an art gallery in the metro subway was derailed by the chief minister devendrafadnavis initiative of setting up a mumbai haat, his suggestion to turn kala ghoda into mumbais times square will now be implemented by the civic body .
;;0.0;;watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsin first remarks, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the bjp would usher in change in the state on its own.
;;0.0;;did we ever ask for the post of the deputy cm or lucrative ministries?
;;0.0;;we are planning to present a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis since he is also the state home minister, to whom the police reports.
;;-0.2263;;(file photo)congress general secretary digvijay singh today said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had stopped thinking of the prime minister narendra modi as a marketable face after the demonetisation.
;;0.0;;addressing a press conference here, singh said in mumbai, bjp campaign posters were 80 percent chief minister devendrafadnavis and 20 percent prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;fadnavis thinks modi is not a marketable face after the demonetisation, he quipped.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis recently called shiv sena a party of extortionists, he said, adding, what stops fadnavis from taking action against the extortionists and filing an fir?
;;0.7184;;two mim mlas had abstained during the trust vote in maharashtra assembly in 2014 to help the fadnavis government, singh alleged.
;;-0.1531;;last week, to welcome chief minister devendrafadnavis for his mahajandesh yatra, the pmc allowed the bjp to put up illegal hoardings, flexes, banners, buntings and posters, which completely defaced the citys skyline and the environment.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis made the announcement in the state legislature friday.
;;0.0;;a decision will soon be taken, fadnavis replied.
;;0.2023;;the maharashtra chamber of housing industry (mchi-credai), an apex body representing builders in the mmr, had earlier approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding staying of the 2017-18 rr values.
;;0.1786;;one had never heard of attacks against cops when rr patil (former ncp mla) was the home minister, but such things are happening now as the bjp is sheltering goons, pawar said, in a veiled dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.0;;the cm is the face of bjps campaign for the mumbai polls.
;;0.5106;;a senior sena leader, who was present at the meeting, said the sena chief expressed strong displeasure with those ministers who did not take part in the recently held local body polls.
;;0.7184;;even as chief minister devendrafadnavis , while addressing party office bearers at thane on thursday, had argued in favour of a pre-poll alliance with ally sena, some anonymous bjp workers and supporters put up banners with contrary stand outside the meeting venue at teen hath naka.
;;-0.5209;;most cases of hooliganism take place in nagpur city, the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis , he said.
;;-0.6597;;he said the chief minister, who also handles the home portfolio, has no understanding of the sensitive department and this has led to the collapse of law and order situation in the state.
;;0.7506;;advertisingthe agreement to hand over the land to dra was finalised at a meeting on sunday between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , union railway minister piyush goyal, general managers of central and western railways and chairman of the railway board.
;;0.0;;the chief public relations officer of the western railway said the mou was being finalised for signing between rlda and dra.
;;0.8834;;while cm devendrafadnavis tore into shiv sena chief uddhav thackerays love for the marathi manoos at a rally in thakurdwar, congresss sanjay nirupam, campaigning in dharavi, declared his party would ensure shiv sena and bjp corporators responsible for the graft in the civic body are jailed if his party comes to power.
;;0.4767;;watch what else is making newswhile the thakurdwar seat has remained loyal to the bjp with a sizeable affluent gujarati population, fadnavis invoked the marathi manoos card.
;;-0.7351;;a direct attack followed, with fadnavis saying, it is because of shiv senas wrong policies that the marathi manoos has been thrown out of mumbai.
;;-0.4767;;with a sizeable crowd present, fadnavis blamed the sena for corruption in the bmc.
;;0.0;;within minutes, thackeray countered the jibes with a direct barb at fadnavis himself.
;;-0.6908;;the cm should make public the reasons for marias transfer amid investigations into the sheena bora murder case.
;;-0.7699;;thackeray also fired another sharp volley at fadnavis, stating, you cant win mumbai while badmouthing it.
;;0.0;;the cm on wednesday had compared mumbai to patna.
;;0.0772;;(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said that all redevelopment projects must come under the ambit of maharashtra real estate regulatory authority (maharera), which completed one year on tuesday.
;;-0.4939;;the latur police have registered an fir against a journalist for a newspaper article on the crashlanding of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis chopper on thursday afternoon, which says that policemen at the spot ran away in fear and a 28-year-old local scrapdealer helped fadnavis out of the helicopter.
;;0.4019;;he has claimed in the report that it was a local scrapdealer who helped the chief minister first which is incorrect, said a police officer, adding, we have videos to prove that when the helicopter crashed, the police teams ran towards the helicopter to help the chief minister.
;;-0.296;;in his complaint, he alleged that the article on maty 25 said that while the police ran away after the helicopter crashed, local scrapdealer irfan shaikh came forward and helped fadnavis out of the helicopter.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said a probe would be conducted into irregularities in tree-cutting in the mumbai metropolitan region in the period between 2010 and 2016.
;;-0.3612;;a day after its mumbai unit chief resigned from the party, the sharad pawar-led ncp suffered another major jolt on friday.
;;-0.1531;;before tendering her resignation, she reportedly held meetings with chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp state president chandrakant patil.
;;0.5719;;on friday, former congress minister harshavardhan patil, who is a part of the partys election strategy committee for the state polls, also visited fadnavis, accompanied by his daughter ankita, who had recently won a zilla parishad election in punes indapur taluka.
;;0.0;;on july 19, the bjp state chief had hinted at a mass exodus from the opposition camp.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.0;;this decision comes in the wake of the loan waiver that was recently announced for the farmers by the maharashtra government, led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;let them first deal with devendra fadnavis), he said.
;;0.0258;;(source: pti)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur on saturday warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
;;-0.8658;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the government would press for death penalty against the guilty.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during an election rally in kothrud.
;;0.0;;express maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis during an election rally in kothrud.
;;0.128;;expressgiving a push to the bjps election campaign, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday that everyone was aware of the corruption during the ncp rule, while there was no presence left of other political parties.
;;0.4019;;also read | day after patil seat-sharing remarks: decision will be taken by fadnavis, amit shah and i, says uddhavadvertisinglast week, bjp general secretary in charge of maharashtra, saroj pandey, had told the indian express that the party is preparing to contest on all seats although it wants the alliance to continue.
;;0.4019;;sources in bjp, however, said party chief amit shah does not seem to be in a mood to break ties with the sena.
;;0.743;;almost all member states are opposed to the niti aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act, however, many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.0;;besides fadnavis, madhya pradesh cm kamal nath, gujarat cm vijay rupani, union agriculture minister narendra singh tomar were also present at the meeting, while haryana cm manohar lal khattar took part in the deliberations via video conferencing.
;;0.6369;;in another glimmer of hope for the residents, chief minister devendrafadnavis recently announced that mmrda flats would be constructed for these people close to their original homes.
;;0.6124;;former chief minister prithviraj chavan on saturday alleged that current chief minister devendrafadnavis had diluted mumbais development control regulations to favour certain big builders in the run-up to the civic polls in mumbai.
;;0.4019;;addressing newspersons at the maharashtra congress office in mumbai, the former cm further questioned the need to amend the regulations when the citys new development plan had been readied and was in approval process.
;;-0.2263;;the former cm demanded reconsideration of the decisions.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had made a similar statement in the state previously.
;;-0.4767;;the sit appointed by chief minister devendrafadnavis will come up with its findings soon and we will come to know what exactly went wrong, sawant told reporters.
;;-0.6808;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday asserted that there is no threat to his government and it will complete its full term, a comment which came on a day when shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray said that its ties with bjp in the state are on a notice period.
;;-0.1027;;fadnavis also challenged the bickering ally in the state government, to tackle him first, before speaking about prime minister modi holding a rally in mumbai, ahead of bmc polls.
;;0.0258;;maharashtra legislative council chairman ramraje naik nimbalkar monday directed chief minister devendrafadnavis to suspend three members of the caste validity committee,who have allegedly sought bribes from the corporators for giving them caste validity certificates.
;;0.5267;;social justice minister dr suresh khade said the inquiry is complete and the report has been sent to cm.
;;0.0258;;advertisingthe actor approached chief minister devendrafadnavis , who asked the mumbai police to probe the matter.
;;-0.5719;;facing attack from the opposition over farmers issues, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said when in power at the centre and in the state for 10 years, the congress-ncp government had rejected the swaminathan commission reports recommendation of a minimum support price for farmers.
;;0.0;;the cm added that in the past two-and-a-half years of the state government, the centre had provided maharashtra rs 5,500 crore in financial aid for farmers.
;;0.768;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said he had positive discussions with the centre over formulating a scheme to bring back farmers defaulting on loans, into the institutional credit system in such a way that investment in agriculture is not affected.
;;-0.4767;;a wrong message will be sent among agriculturists, fadnavis felt.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also took a jibe at opposition congress-ncp saying, you cannot be a messiah of farmers by raising slogans on loan waiver.
;;0.2263;;later when the house assembled, fadnavis made his statement and appealed to the house to allow smooth presentation of the state budget.
;;0.3182;;the project has been undertaken to link the jalyukta shivar, the flagship project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , with livelihoods of villagers.
;;0.3182;;in a letter sent to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, state congress chief ashok chavan said the government should waive off the other taxes and duties, as it will help ease the burden for citizens.
;;0.0;;besides, chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said on saturday that the bjp would not take up the oppositions role, he said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said a cabinet expansion is likely before the monsoon session commencing on july 18.
;;0.0;;fadnavis indicated he is unlikely to fill all the cabinet posts.
;;0.0;;present at the flag-off was amruta fadnavis, wife of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.3607;;b'govind pansare govind pansarethe family of anti-superstition activist govind pansare, who was murdered on february 20, 2015 in kolhapur, has urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over the case to the cbi as they are not happy with the way the special investigation team is conducting the probe.
;;0.0;;in a letter to fadnavis on thursday, the family wrote, as you are aware, comrade govindrao pansare and his chief minister devendrafadnavis were taking a morning stroll on february 16, 2015.
;;0.0;;mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo mumbai : maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addresses at an election campaign rally in thane on sunday.
;;0.1027;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that bjp was sidelined when proposals were cleared in the standing committee of the bmc.
;;0.5267;;the comments by fadnavis assume significance as his party is being repeatedly questioned for maintaining silence on corruption in the bmc all these years despite being in alliance.
;;0.0516;;asked about the aggressive campaigning across mumbai, fadnavis said, from day one as a chief minister, i have been looking into the issues of mumbai and trying to solve them.
;;0.5859;;savle said chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised transparency in the functioning of civic bodies and she would do everything possible to live up to the partys promise.
;;0.2732;;amruta fadnavis along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis in a music video titled mumbai river anthem (source: t-series) amruta fadnavis along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis in a music video titled mumbai river anthem (source: t-series)days after she, along with her husband, chief minister devendrafadnavis , appeared in a music video titled mumbai river anthem, amruta fadnavis has been approached by some pune-based activists, requesting her to repeat her effort for the sake of punes rivers as well.
;;0.3182;;the idea is to have a chief singer on each bridge, ably supported by senior mps and mlas.
;;0.0;;its another first in the long list, where a letter is addressed to the first lady and is requesting the presence of her husband, who is maharashtras chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.8176;;khot said they were urging all pune residents to write to amruta fadnavis, urging her to extend her helping hand to revive punes rivers.
;;0.0;;the slowing down of crop loans was also discussed at fridays stock-taking meeting of officials from across the state ahead of the sowing season, chaired by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;ahead of elections to the state legislative assembly in october this year, chief minister devendrafadnavis has already indicated that an extension of the 2017-18 loan waiver may be inevitable.
;;0.3818;;last week, after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked the civic body to hand over 17 plots to the metro 3 project, shiv sena leaders had said they would continue to oppose the project till the government came out with details of the rehabilitation of more than 600 families to be affected by the project.
;;0.2023;;the supreme court wednesday fixed for final disposal a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
;;0.1531;;earlier, the apex court had issued a notice to the chief minister on an appeal by ukey against a bombay high court order which had dismissed his plea challenging the election of fadnavis.
;;-0.7717;;advertisingthe petitioner had alleged that fadnavis, in his election affidavit filed in 2014, had failed to disclose the pendency of two criminal cases against him.
;;-0.6059;;the two cases of alleged cheating and forgery were filed against fadnavis in 1996 and 1998 but charges were not framed.
;;0.6486;;according to sources, the sena apprehends that loan waiver announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis would help the bjp walk credit in the coming elections.
;;-0.4019;;sena ministers met fadnavis on wednesday morning to convey their inability to attend the meeting.
;;0.5859;;cm devendrafadnavis , who had announced the programme in the assembly on march 31, could be a prospective donor when the project is launched in august, aneka paul, senior development officer, health, tata trust, told the indian express.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis appointed and transferred 17 ias officers in another bureaucratic reshuffle on monday.
;;0.0;;the post has not had a full-time secretary, since sumit mullicks elevation to the chief secretarys post on february 28.
;;0.0;;b'a state cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision.
;;0.0;;a state cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken on monday at a state cabinet meeting chaired by chief m devendrafadnavis , a cmo official said.
;;-0.3182;;reacting to the oppositions conduct, chief minister devendrafadnavis said,they made a mockery of democracy.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis had on friday led a delegation of sena ministers to meet the union finance minster arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to apprise him about the farm sector crisis.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday set a target of bringing three lakh hectares of sugarcane under drip irrigation by 2016-17 and the remaining in two to three years.
;;-0.2732;;fadnavis convened a meeting to work out the strategy to enforce the state governments water conservation project under the banner of per drop per crop.
;;0.0;;fadnavis held the meeting with the department of water conservation and the department of power.
;;0.0;;last week, fadnavis, during his visit to raigaon (district sangli) visited a drip irrigation project.
;;-0.34;;after the lok sabha elections were announced in march, the election commission ordered that bharti, who is seen to be close to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , was moved out of his post as joint cp, law & order (mumbai) and posted as joint commissioner, economic offences wing (mumbai).
;;-0.5423;;a former dgp said normally whenever he received letters from junior officers seeking a posting to ats he would check with the ats chief if the candidates were suitable and also inform the commanding officer, in this case the commissionerthe 12 police officers, in ranks ranging from senior inspector to assistant police inspector, are now apprehensive that their careers will suffer in the tussle between the ips officers.
;;0.0;;land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced.
;;0.0;;(file) land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced.
;;0.0;;(file)land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on tuesday.
;;0.3612;;the agency is learnt to have written to the urban development department led by chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking grant of transferable development rights (tdr).
;;-0.4939;;(file photo)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis hit out at the former bjp ally for alleged extortion, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray hit back and said there was a fear among many that fadnavis had become the cm of goons.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsthe earlier image of the cm has been maligned.
;;-0.3818;;fadnavis had saturday launched a blistering attack on the shiv sena, in the aftermath of the latter deciding to snap ties with the bjp for the civic polls.
;;0.0;;addressing a gathering of bjp workers in mumbai as part of the partys vijay sankalp melava (resolve for victory rally) in goregaon saturday, the same venue where uddhav had on january 26 announced the split, fadnavis alleged that sena was into extortion, calling uddhav duryodhana.
;;0.0;;similarly, nobody becomes lord krishna just because one thinks (of himself) so, uddhav said while taking a swipe at the cm who mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar had referred to as krishna.
;;0.0;;mandir banayenge, par kab banayenge (you will build the temple, but when will you), asked the sena chief.
;;-0.5267;;meanwhile, the sena continued to target the chief minister sunday, with senior leader and rajya sabha mp sanjay raut threatening to show the cm the partys might.
;;0.4767;;we respect the post of cm, not the person sitting on the position.
;;-0.4767;;amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pti photo) amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
;;-0.4767;;(source: pti photo)amruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , is set to walk the ramp with acid attack survivors.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis and women and child welfare minister pankaja munde will be the guests of honour at the event.
;;0.1779;;on the other hand, bjp which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , has said it wont compromise on the issue of transparency in bmc administration, which was the partys poll plank.
;;0.0258;;mumbai bjp president ashish shelar, who met fadnavis with city unit functionaries and peoples representatives before the bjp core committee meet held at the cms official residence varsha yesterday ruled out any tie up with congress in bmc, to reach the figure needed for majority.
;;0.1779;;the ncp, however, claimed that davkhare had been expelled from the party for six years on the directive of state unit chief jayant patil.
;;0.4019;;davkhare would be joining the bjp in chief minister devendrafadnavis presence at the party office in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday urged officials to keep strict deadlines for projects across departments.
;;0.4215;;in the last few days, the cm reviewed the progress made in every department in projects related to public welfare including prime minister awas yojna, jalyukta shivar yojna among others.
;;0.4019;;b'sena chief uddhav thackeray, his son and yuva sena chief aditya thackeray, party leader manohar joshi and others address a rally in the nse grounds in goregaon to mark the partys 50 years.
;;0.2732;;he also took a swipe at prime minister narendra modi and said the head of the country as well as chief ministers of states should not be allowed to campaign during elections.
;;0.0;;the sena chief lambasted the government and said situation in the country had remained the same.
;;-0.5677;;i do not want to criticise maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , but he should control price rise and take my ministers help in handing this crisis, thackeray added.
;;0.4019;;while shetti is busy leading a march of close to 15,000 farmers and party workers to mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis was in shettis constituency in kolhapur to address a shetkari melava (farmers meet).
;;0.0;;b'ncp spokesperson nawab malik slammed the chief minister over his statement regarding mumbai.
;;0.0;;(file) ncp spokesperson nawab malik slammed the chief minister over his statement regarding mumbai.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday declared rural areas of the state open defecation-free (odf) and claimed the state has constructed the highest number of toilets in the country.
;;0.0;;malik slammed the chief minister over his statement regarding mumbai.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.3182;;on saturday, two days after the festival, bjps mumbai city chief ashish shelar wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding that cases of culpable homicide slapped on some of the organisers and dahi handi mandals for flouting norms be withdrawn.
;;0.4215;;the bjp chief also visited some injured govindas at the king edward memorial civic hospital in parel, where he took a veiled dig at maharashtra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray and his party, suggesting that the encouragement for mandals and organisers had come from them.
;;0.0;;express filethrowing a spanner in shiv sena president uddhav thackerays plans to build a theme park on the mahalaxmi race course land in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis urban development (ud) department has formulated a new policy that may pave the way for renewal of the turf clubs lease.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis met prime minister narendra modi on tuesday and apprised him about the political developments and the electoral success the bjp got in the ten municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis across maharashtra.
;;0.296;;earlier, he had met chief minister devendrafadnavis and there was speculation he might join the bjp.
;;0.7964;;this came maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the doctors to call off their strike as well and assured them that the government would ensure their security in hospitals.
;;0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)further investigations into the controversy surrounding the flouting of a four-decade-old freeze on issuance of new private liquor retail licences have revealed that a five-year-old notification of the government was at the centre of the controversy.
;;0.7096;;while finding massive irregularities in permits issued between 2010 and 2016, the probe, ordered by chief minister devendrafadnavis , revealed that each and everyone of the 202 permits to be issued was approved under the ministers discretionary powers after district-level officials had turned down the request for approval on the ground of ineligibility.
;;0.0;;on january 9, two days before the code of conduct was announced ahead of elections across the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis , in a series of tweets, announced the mumbai wifi project.
;;0.5719;;happy browsing, the cm tweeted.
;;0.5423;;vinod dua receives the redink lifetime achievement in journalism award from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday.
;;0.5423;;pradip das vinod dua receives the redink lifetime achievement in journalism award from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday.
;;-0.7783;;pradip dasexpressing concern over the problem of manufactured news spread through social media, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday described it as a crisis of credibility.
;;0.9201;;in the seventh year of the redink awards, instituted by the mumbai press club for meritorious work in tv, print and digital formats, veteran journalist vinod dua was conferred the lifetime achievement in journalism award while raj kamal jha, chief editor of the indian express, received the journalist of the year award.
;;-0.7003;;cm devendrafadnavis cm devendrafadnavis day after chief minister devendrafadnavis told all civic agencies to repair roads in the city, alliance partners shiv sena and bjp blamed each other for the pothole problem.
;;0.4019;;the spat between the two ruling parties started when the shiv sena took a dig at fadnavis, asking if the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) was waiting for the chief ministers directions to fill up the potholes.
;;-0.25;;since the civic chief is close to the cm and the bmc is run by the urban development department, i dont understand why the bjp felt offended, said vishwarao.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis inspected the seepz-colaba metro 3 project late monday night.
;;0.4767;;officials from the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) accompanied the chief minister to review progress of the work.
;;-0.2263;;soon after, the mumbai congress chief dashed off a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding waikars removal from the government.
;;0.296;;watch video: whats making newson wednesday, the congress had released official papers, including a march 18, 2015, communication between the chief executive officer (ceo) of the aarey milk colony and the mumbai slum improvement board under the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada), to level charges against waikar.
;;0.6597;;from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
;;0.0;;later, shah will visit varsha, the official residence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;he is scheduled to have a meeting with fadnavis and bjp general secretary (organisation) vijay puranik.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will accompany shah to matoshree.
;;0.0;;in april last year, the state government formed the sit after a direct intervention from chief minister devendrafadnavis and it was given the mandate to probe into cases of dummy candidates, including many in pune.
;;0.0;;earlier, ashish shelar (mla) had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis and also raised the issue in the state legislative assembly.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis also extended a cover for thousands of families illegally residing in transit camps of the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) across mumbai.
;;0.0;;signalling his governments intention of accommodating these encroachers in the governments housing-for-all scheme, fadnavis monday formed a cabinet sub-committee under maharashtras housing minister prakash mehta to finalise the regularisation policy.
;;0.0;;in nagpur, the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis , it is ahead of its rivals.
;;0.4019;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
;;0.0;;(representational image) chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already rolled out the project with specifications and a timeline for nagpur, which also happens to be his hometown.
;;0.0;;the loi was signed in mumbai in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and elected members from nagpur, senior officials from state government and l&t.
;;0.6597;;promising all support from the government to investors, fadnavis indicated they could have their units anywhere in maharashtra.
;;0.7717;;now, at every meeting, fadnavis outlines the intent clearly emphasising on making investors create assets through manufacturing and infrastructure for development of the state and creating local employment.
;;0.7096;;apart from holding talks with four foreign delegations in maharashtra, the cm has travelled to israel, japan, united states, china, russia and switzerland to woo investors.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters, maharashtra unit congress president ashok chavan said the people would teach traitors a lesson, hours after gavit, a tribal leader and former minister, joined the bjp in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state unit bjp chief raosaheb danve.
;;0.0;;the civic bodys move of allotting the space comes after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked for immediate action on the issue.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;raut asked fadnavis how he knew the senas future plans when he could not even predict the next move of the rss.
;;-0.6124;;when raut asked him why bal thackerays hindutva ideology was forgotten by the bjp in 2014 when it snapped ties with the sena, fadnavis blamed the estranged ally for being adamant for just four more seats.
;;0.2732;;had you accepted our offer, the sena would have got more seats than the bjp (in the ensuing assembly polls), and either uddhavji or you would have become the cm, the cm retorted.
;;-0.4404;;he denied that prime minister narendra modi or bjp chief amit shah hold the remote control of the maharashtra government.
;;-0.3716;;fadnavis denied that he has failed as the states home minister, saying the conviction rate is important and not the crime rate.
;;0.0;;(late ncp leader and former home minister) r r patil had once told me that the cm must keep the home portfolio with himself, because most of the decisions of the department are given a final nod by the cm, he said.
;;0.7878;;(file photo)there is nothing wrong with politicians and the corporate sector working together provided they keep the principle of nation first in mind and not use the nexus to serve their vested interests, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday while sharing the dais with ratan tata, former chairman of the tata groups, in mumbai.
;;0.0;;both fadnavis and tata dwelt at length on the start-up projects which had caught the imagination of youngsters maharashtra.
;;0.4404;;our chief minister is doing a good job.
;;0.0;;a committee, which was formed to draft the manifesto for the civic polls, held its first meeting on friday headed by bjp city unit chief ashish shelar.
;;0.6597;;watch what else is making news:taking a cue from chief minister devendrafadnavis address to bjp party workers at a meeting in thane, in which he talked about transparency in civic administration, shelar also emphasised on the need for a transparent governance in bmc and announced that the party has begun drafting the manifesto for pardarshi (transparent) mumbai, a bjp leader said.
;;0.6705;;according to chief minister devendrafadnavis , along with soil health card, we are emphasising on district-wise crop pattern to ensure higher yields and better renumeration for farmers.
;;0.0;;advertisingboth shevali and deshmukh were among thousands who walked miles to participate in chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra, which passed from ahmedpur on august 31.
;;0.0;;on august 22, fadnavis had started the second phase of the yatra from marathwada.
;;0.1531;;but people know that the devendrafadnavis government is making concerted efforts to help in way of higher compensation packages for crop loss and several water projects.
;;0.2263;;independent mlas mohan fad (pathri) and vinakay jadhav patil (ahmedpur) have joined the bjp and taken the centrestage with fadnavis at his rallies.
;;-0.7964;;in the wake of the building collapse in south mumbais dongri area in july that had resulted in the death of 13 people, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced that his government will bring a law to make redevelopment compulsory.
;;0.7579;;watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis , in a note, had taken serious cognizance earlier, and had asked wcd officials to ensure that all homes function to the best of their capacity, and if found otherwise, would face stringent action.
;;-0.4404;;congress and ncp members vociferously raised the farm loan waiver issue in the legislative council and stalled proceedings as they accused the devendrafadnavis government of dragging its feet on the matter.
;;0.0;;neelam gorhe (shiv sena) said chief minister yogi adityanath did not resort to announcing sops but came out with a loan waiver.
;;0.0;;whereas chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state will study the uttar pradesh mode, she said.
;;0.3612;;bjp general secretary sarang kamtekar said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was in town on thursday, has already promised to launch an investigation into ncp activities.
;;-0.4404;;drop outthe ongoing rescue efforts in flood-hit western maharashtra have forced chief minister devendrafadnavis to drop out of a delegation of chief ministers to vladivostok, russia.
;;0.1531;;while fadnavis was originally part of the touring party, he had to drop out at the last minutes.
;;-0.3818;;the nationalist congress party first attacked the ruling bjp after bags of wheat and rice meant for flood victims in sangli were found to have stickers with photos of cm devendrafadnavis and partys ichalkaranji mla suresh halvankar.
;;0.6647;;miffed over the controversy, fadnavis rebuked his party mla and has asked party leaders to ensure pictures of any person or leader arent portrayed on relief material.
;;0.6705;;rss ideologue m g vaidya rss ideologue m g vaidyain a jibe at rss ideologue m g vaidya over his remarks on dividing maharashtra into four smaller states, the shiv sena on monday said chief minister devendrafadnavis should consider him for the states top honour maharashtra bhushan.
;;0.5719;;(file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said that the government is committed to ensure that 6,000 villages become drought-free by december.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was in western maharashtra to tour drought-prone villages in sangli district in order to review projects under the jalyukt shivar scheme.
;;0.0;;avandhi sarpanch annasaheb kodag appraised fadnavis of the ongoing water conservation projects at bhaktimala hills.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis plans to interact with thousands of youth from across the state on may 1, observed as maharashtra day, paving the way for greater peoples participation in governance under its transform maharashtra mission.
;;0.0;;on monday, the cm plans to interact with the youth from across vidarbha, marathwada, konkan, western maharashtra and north maharashtra.
;;0.34;;much is at stake for the ncp as the civic bodies pmc and neighbouring pcmc are in the home district of ncp chief sharad pawar while chief minister devendrafadnavis has made it a contest of pride as the mandate would be considered as a response to the policies of bjp-led state and central government.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis says that the ambedkar bhavan will be rebuilt by the end of the month.
;;0.34;;(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislature on wednesday that the ambedkar bhavan that also housed a press owned by dr b r ambedkar, will be restored by month end.
;;0.3818;;i will ask chief minister devendrafadnavis to call both groups for a meeting to resolve the issue, said athawale.
;;0.0;;b'file photo: feb 2016, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with governor of maharashtra vidyasagar rao and shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray during the maharashtra rajni program.
;;0.0;;(express photo by prashant nadkar/file) file photo: feb 2016, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with governor of maharashtra vidyasagar rao and shiv sena executive president uddhav thackeray during the maharashtra rajni program.
;;0.0;;highly placed sources late monday revealed, fadnavis has decided to induct three ministers from shiv sena.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis chief minister devendrafadnavis bombay development directorate (bdd) chawls redevelopment work spread across 92.
;;-0.3818;;86 acres and costing rs 16,000 crore was inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday.
;;-0.6124;;both parties are now bitter rivals and a war of words has been going on between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
;;0.4588;;jsmaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted lines from the hanuman chaalisa, which is a hymn dedicated to the diety.
;;0.0;;fadnavis with glushkova in ekaterinburg on sunday.
;;0.0;;express fadnavis with glushkova in ekaterinburg on sunday.
;;0.0;;expressrussian indologist irina glushkova was nominated as the ambassador of maharashtra tourism and culture by chief minister devendrafadnavis in russia sunday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is part of the team india at innoprom.
;;0.0;;mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar, however, said the proposal to waive property tax for houses up to 500 sq ft was already mooted by chief minister devendrafadnavis six months ago, and that the bjp had already incorporated it in the partys election manifesto.
;;0.3612;;kumar said he was keen to attend the lunch because the chief guest was pravind jugnauth, the newly elected prime minister of mauritius.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis organised the function for minister of road transport and shipping nitin gadkari when he entered his 61st year last week, in nagpur.
;;0.8176;;according to state bjp president devendrafadnavis , ideally, the thought uppermost in my mind is to restore the glory of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;four months before assembly polls in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis sunday announced a third change to his cabinet, inducting as ministers former congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil and mumbai bjp chief ashish shelar among eight others.
;;0.0;;advertisingwhile dropping six ministers, fadnavis also inducted five junior ministers in the cabinet expansion, which comes a day before the states monsoon session starts monday.
;;-0.3612;;the cm felt those entrusted with the job failed to deliver results.
;;0.7717;;fadnavis, according to bjp leaders, also wanted to signal that a strong and able cabinet will face the elections later this year and hoped to expose cracks in the opposition by giving vikhe-patil a cabinet post before the monsoon assembly session.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while inaugurating the service, said the monorail would no longer remain a joy ride but would offer last mile connectivity to the people.
;;0.7964;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
;;0.7964;;(file) chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
;;0.8074;;(file)demanding a public apology from the opposition and a few media houses, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the supreme courts decision in the cbi special judge b h loyas death case has more than established that maharashtra governments investigation into the matter was free and fair.
;;-0.34;;speaking to mediapersons, fadnavis maintained that the order has exposed the opposition, which was raising unsubstantiated charges against the governments at the centre and the state.
;;-0.1027;;they went to the extent of accusing bjp president amit shah however, the sc verdict has exposed the mask of congress, communists and their allies, the cm added.
;;0.0772;;laxmikant deshmukh, former chairman of all india marathi literature meet, and working president of marathichya bhalyasathi (a platform for development of marathi) talks to the indian express about the announcement made by chief minister devendrafadnavis of making marathi compulsory in schools of all boards, promotion of the language and the newly introduced method of reading and writing number names in class ii.
;;0.0;;as uddhav thackeray went on to field wanagas son shrinivas, chief minister devendrafadnavis alleged that the sena chief knew that bjp was considering fielding a family member of wanaga for the bypoll.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.25;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday warned district cooperative banks against diverting funds for drought relief to settle crop loans of farmers.
;;0.4767;;late evening, a congress delegation met governor c h vidyasagar rao, asking him to intervene and direct the fadnavis government to take immediate drought relief measures.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe state congress will set up teams to tour drought-affected areas of the state from may 12-20, the partys state unit chief ashok chavan.
;;-0.4588;;earlier, state ncp president jayant patil had attacked fadnavis for using the audio-conferencing system to tackle drought.
;;0.0258;;we wonder what kind of method the cm is using to reach out to drought-hit people.
;;0.0;;sitting in ac rooms, the cm is using the audio-conferencing system to communicate with villages and officials.
;;0.1027;;highly placed sources in the government said, chief minister devendrafadnavis reassured thackeray that every financial loss on account of octroi would be adequately compensated.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday ordered a slew of directives including handing over the rights of reconstructing and repairing bridges in mumbai to bmc commissioner.
;;0.0772;;advertisingthe cm issued the directives during a meeting with senior officials of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), railways, mumbai police and traffic authorities.
;;-0.5423;;during the meeting, fadnavis, under the emergency procedure of the disaster management act, decided to hand over the powers of facilitating reconstruction and repair of all bridges to the bmc commissioner.
;;0.0;;the cm also issued directives that in places where work is being undertaken on pedestrian bridges, roads signage should be put in place to specify when the work had commenced and by when it was likely to be completed.
;;0.8176;;the cm has also directed that if work is being undertaken on roads that are close to busy market places, the state would run free best services within a five km periphery.
;;0.0;;speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
;;0.0;;the village will be inaugurated by chief minister devendrafadnavis , tawde said.
;;0.0;;new policy to expedite transfer of government land was formulated on a cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(representational image) new policy to expedite transfer of government land was formulated on a cabinet meeting chaired by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis on tuesday.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken in the weekly cabinet meeting chaired by the chief minister devendrafadnavis at mumbai.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday laid the foundation stone for a sub-centre of institute of chemical technology, at jalna district in marathwada.
;;0.6597;;addressing the public meeting at jalna, chief minister said, the progress of new india or magnetic maharashtra can become a reality only when backward region of marathwada, north maharashtra and vidarbha keep the pace of development and growth.
;;0.0;;claiming that the congress and ncp will not be able to get even 10 per cent of seats in the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said prakash ambedkar-led vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) will stake claim for the post of leader of opposition in state legislative assembly after the polls.
;;0.0;;the final decision on this issue has to be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
;;0.802;;it may be mentioned here that all the established leaders across parties such as former chief minister ashok chavan (congress), former deputy chief minister (ncp) ajit pawar, opposition leader (congress) radhakrishna vikhe-patil, bjp state chief rao saheb danve, bjp ministers chandrakant patil and sambhaji patil nilengekar, among others, have openly come out in support of the maratha rallies in their respective districts in the last six months.
;;0.0;;in the last two months, chief minister devendrafadnavis held a series of discussions with the maratha delegates across districts to discuss their demands.
;;-0.4019;;fadnavis has also heeded the maratha demand to set up a committee to find out how it can stop the misuse of the atrocities act.
;;0.6369;;in a letter penned by best chairman ashish chemburkar to chief minister devendrafadnavis , the undertaking has asked the government to subsidise the fuel cost for the undertaking.
;;0.0;;89 crore every day, the letter to the cm stated.
;;0.6124;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the bjp would not contest the mayoral polls for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), it has emerged that back-channel negotiations between leaders of both parties took place over three days before the logjam was resolved following the hung verdict.
;;0.0;;they spoke to fadnavis and senior bjp ministers sudhir mungantiwar and chandrakant patil.
;;0.4019;;on friday, after the cabinet meet held at the cms official residence varsha, sena ministers reportedly had a direct conversation with fadnavis about the bjp extending support to the senas choice of candidate for the mayoral election.
;;0.0;;shinde, a sena leader from thane, was selected to present the partys case to the cm.
;;-0.1416;;the cabinet meet was convened so that the sena ministers should get a chance to speak to fadnavis without attracting the medias attention, said a senior shiv sena leader.
;;0.0;;subsequently, fadnavis and thackeray spoke on the phone friday night, for the first time since the bmc poll results, the leader added.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
;;0.3182;;(source: pti) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis also appealed to voters across the state to exercise their voting right in order to strengthen democracy.
;;0.8271;;(source: pti)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who spearheaded bjps campaign for the civic polls, on tuesday exuded confidence that people will support the party on basis of the work it has done.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, along with his wife amruta and mother, voted in the nagpur municipal corporation election at a booth near their residence in dharampeth here at around 11.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis with microsoft india chief anant maheshwari during an event organised by microsoft in mumbai wednesday.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo by nirmal harindran) chief minister devendrafadnavis with microsoft india chief anant maheshwari during an event organised by microsoft in mumbai wednesday.
;;0.3182;;(source: express photo by nirmal harindran)chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday, at a meeting with microsoft ceo satya nadella, said the maharashtra government would scale up the digital partnership between the state and microsoft in tribal and backward districts to further strengthen communication and connectivity.
;;0.0;;in 2015, fadnavis, during his visit to the us, had met nadella where the decision to start the digital project in harisal was conceived and taken to its logical end.
;;0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has called a special meeting of his cabinet on friday when this ordinance is expected to be approved, said sources.
;;-0.128;;following statewide protests by marathas, the fadnavis government had on november 30, 2018, cleared a 16 per cent quota for the community in education and government jobs, identifying them as socially and economically backward class.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.0;;(source: pti/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis with bjp president amit shah.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who met prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah in delhi on thursday, told reporters that he had submitted a report on the issue to shah.
;;0.0;;modi is learnt to have asked fadnavis about the issue too, besides the land row.
;;-0.4588;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday issued a stern warning to district administrations to shed their complacency in reaching out to people adversely affected by drought.
;;0.0772;;issuing new directives, he said: tehsildars should directly report to the cm if they find the number of water tankers deployed in villages are less than sanctioned or required in drought-hit talukas.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp rally in dadar-prabhadevi.
;;0.0;;kevin dsouza chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp rally in dadar-prabhadevi.
;;0.4019;;kevin dsouzahours before chief minister devendrafadnavis was to address an election rally for the bharatiya janata party (bjp) just a few furlongs from their office, it was just another day at work for the staff inside the office of the saamana, the shiv senas mouthpiece.
;;-0.296;;there was no need for cm to hold the rally here.
;;0.5994;;file photo: chief minister devendrafadnavis buying fresh farm vegetables at a shetkari bazaar to promote farmers vegetables and fruits.
;;0.5994;;(express photo by shubhangi khapre/file) file photo: chief minister devendrafadnavis buying fresh farm vegetables at a shetkari bazaar to promote farmers vegetables and fruits.
;;-0.34;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while announcing the project, stressed on the need for incorporating practices to manage the effects of climate change and water management projects to bring reforms in agriculture.
;;0.34;;fadnavis indicated that drought-proofing will have to consider multiple aspects to make agriculture robust.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday announced the extension of metro railway projects to airport and meera bhayandar for seamless travel along the eastern and western suburbs of the city.
;;0.34;;at a debate on urban development, a portfolio fadnavis himself holds, he laid stress on metro as the future mode of transportation, essential both in terms of easing congestion and being environment friendly.
;;0.4215;;chief minister also approved rs 6976.
;;0.6249;;nitin kareer, principal secretary, urban development, confirmed that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already granted his approval to the construction project under the governments newly revised policy for integrated townships.
;;0.7783;;for encouraging the initiative, the cm has ordered relaxation of norms for economic activity within the township.
;;0.3818;;although the governments policy mandates a township developer to set aside 20 per cent built-up space for economic activity as a measure to promote the walk-to-work concept, fadnavis has decreased this requirement to just 10 per cent built-up space for the township for policemen.
;;0.0;;similarly, the cm has also extended a discount on premiums payable for various building and town planning permits, which have been halved in this case.
;;0.0;;the cm has also sanctioned proposals for nine other integrated township projects under the revised policy.
;;0.0;;earlier, on december 26, 2016, the fadnavis government had revised norms for integrated township lifting curbs on construction in green belts.
;;0.6486;;to develop 22 cities, cm to kick off rs 1,622-cr schemesmumbai: to enhance better civic amenities, including clean drin-king water and solid waste management, schemes worth rs 1,622 crore will be implem-ented across 22 cities and towns in mahar-ashtra.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch these schemes through e-bhoomip-ujan in mumbai on thursday.
;;0.25;;the suspect, who identified himself as sachin ladge, claimed to be a friend of the personal assistant of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.7096;;mali said that ladge allegedly told him that the pa to fadnavis was his friend and would help with the admission.
;;-0.2263;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavischief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the opposition had adopted a negative role during the monsoon session hoping to get instant publicity.
;;-0.2584;;according to fadnavis, the congress-ncp highlighted the issue of corruption against ministers without giving evidence, to sensationalise and get into centre stage of publicity.
;;-0.1531;;he dared the opposition to reveal the names of 20 ministers they kept harping on to expose corruption in the fadnavis government.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis described the oppositions hope to undermine the government and return to power as mungerilal ke haseen sapnemy working in government is founded on truth, he asserted.
;;0.4215;;vikhe-patil described the popular marathi film natsamrat and hindi film kabila to describe the state of government led by the cm.
;;-0.5859;;we expected fadnavis to order an inquiry against scams in bmc.
;;0.0;;according to sudhir gadgil (mla) from sangli, we made a breakthrough because of the development plank of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis reviews preparations for the bjps foundation day conclave, scheduled for april 6, at bandra kurla complex in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.0;;(express photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis reviews preparations for the bjps foundation day conclave, scheduled for april 6, at bandra kurla complex in mumbai on tuesday.
;;0.0;;to begin with, chief minister devendrafadnavis distributed 428 specially designed tabs to food and drug (f&d) inspectors for collecting online data during field visits.
;;0.3612;;advertisingwhile a proposal in this connection had been tabled three years ago, sources said that during the monsoon session of the state legislature, chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured legislators in the mira road-virar belt that the commissionerate will be functional before the upcoming state elections, slated to be held later this year.
;;-0.3182;;according to sources the push to get the commissionerate functional came during the monsoon session when some legislators told the cm about a delay in the proposal.
;;0.0;;the work order to a private company was given by the general administration department of the maharashtra government, under chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.3612;;tree felling for metro 3: environment activists meet chief ministerchief minister devendrafadnavis has assured that a committee will be set up to look into the massive tree felling for the construction of metro 3.
;;0.0;;in a meeting with some of the citys green activists, fadnavis emphasised that the purpose of the 33.
;;0.0;;the cm spoke to mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrc) managing director ashwini bhide, and sought for a committee to relook into the chopping of so many trees for the metro construction.
;;-0.4417;;he suggested that we also be a part of the committee to suggest ways to undertake the construction with as little damage to the trees as possible, said zoru bhatena, one of the activists who met the cm.
;;-0.2411;;farm activist kishor tiwari, who chaired the state government task force vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission, on saturday, lambasted chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari for not keeping the promise of accommodating him in vidhan parishad and has announced his decision to return to activism.
;;0.4767;;tiwari, who is not a bjp member, told the indian express, i went with the bjp on the invitation of fadnavis and gadkari since they thought i could provide them valuable guidance on agricultural issues.
;;0.128;;tiwari, who enjoyed minister of state status as the task force chief, also criticised the cm for not keeping his word on making the mission a quasi-judicial body.
;;0.2617;;asked if the fadnavis government was successful in delivering anything worthwhile to farmers, tiwari said, they brought focus of many issues like crop pattern and sustainabilty but there was only talk and no policy reforms.
;;0.5859;;asked about his contribution as mission chief, he said, i visited 5,000 villages and 1,200 hospitals and tried address their problems to the best of my ability.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
;;0.0;;rajesh stephen chief minister devendrafadnavis at a rally in pimpri chinchwad on thursday.
;;-0.0258;;rajesh stephengoing all out to impress voters in pimpri-chinchwad, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced that penalty tax on unauthorised constructions has been waived by his government.
;;-0.5267;;ncp was quick to pounce upon the announcements made by cm as violations of poll code.
;;-0.0772;;however bjp president laxman jagtap said the cm produced the copy of gr because some political parties were alleging that the government has not taken any such decision related to penalty tax.
;;0.0;;launching bjps poll campaign, cm urged the voters to throw out the corrupt ncp regime.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.3182;;(file)a couple, facing social boycott in their village in coastal konkan, today performed puja of the ganesh idol installed at chief minister devendrafadnavis official residence varsha in south mumbai.
;;0.0;;hearing their plight, fadnavis invited them to varsha, an official said.
;;0.1027;;shah, along with chief minister devendrafadnavis , reached matoshree around 7.
;;0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
;;0.0;;fadnavis explained that financial allocations to farmers whose long standing dues have rendered them out of loan bracket would also raise questions in the minds of more than one crore farmers who have repaid their loans.
;;0.4019;;these statements came a day after fadnavis lead a high-powered committee of cabinet ministers to new delhi to evolve workable mechanism to help farmers.
;;-0.25;;the congress and ncp leaders on saturday voiced their protest against chief minister devendrafadnavis for not attending the tea-party hosted on eve of the winter session beginning in nagpur from monday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis is leaving on sunday to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;on sunday, fadnavis is going to delhi to attend a meeting of all chief ministers convened by prime minister narendra modi.
;;0.0;;the chief minister has urged his senior cabinet colleague chandrakant patil to take the charge during the tea session in his absence.
;;0.4019;;pawar said, for the first time in the history of state legislature we have a chief minister who is not attending the tea party.
;;0.0;;mpcc chief manikrao thakre said, this is the first session after the assembly elections and it is expected that chief minister should have been present.
;;-0.0382;;moreover, chief minister is not escaping the opposition.
;;-0.2732;;arguing, pm meeting in delhi is also important as matters of maharashtra issues would be raised by fadnavis.
;;0.0;;dadajis grandson deepak said, he had sought a house and 20 acre land from the state government by writing to chief minister devendrafadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar.
;;-0.0258;;from walking out of a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis to asking shetti to sit back and allow others to speak at a rally in nashik, nawale has emerged as the driving force and the poster boy of the second phase of the farmers agitation in maharashtra.
;;-0.25;;he acted as the catalyst for the second phase of the agitation that could have ended on the early morning of june 3 when a delegation of farmer leaders, including nawale, met fadnavis at his residence.
;;-0.6369;;as the delegation was cajoled by fadnavis to call off the strike, a fuming nawale walked out, claiming that the government was taking farmers for a ride and he was not going to be a part of this capitulation.
;;0.6249;;the cm wanted the delegation to say that the government was committed to loan waiver and benefiting farmers, but isnt that what all political parties have been saying for years?
;;-0.6378;;so strong was the backlash against the members of the core committee which met the cm that many of them have refrained from going back home, fearing violence.
;;0.0;;urban planner and udri executive director pankaj joshi stated that the bmc received more suggestions and objections for the rddp than the for the plans earlier draft, which was scrapped by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday met representatives of the dhangar community.
;;0.0;;a delegation of various organisations of dhangar community met fadnavis with rajya sabha mp dr vikas mahatme, chief ministers office (cmo) said in mumbai.
;;0.3818;;watch what else is making news:meanwhile, fadnavis chaired a meeting to resolve various issues of workers of cambata aviation and asked authorities to seek assistance from the enforcement directorate (ed).
;;-0.1027;;fadnavis also directed officials concerned for recovery to pay dues of the workers.
;;0.0;;later in the evening, fadnavis inaugurated the first floating hotel project a b celestial in association with maharashtra maritime board, maharahstra tourism development corporation and maharashtra state road development corporation in mumbai, this evening.
;;0.6486;;there is no ground for the court to hold that there was a reasonable suspicion about the cause or circumstances of death which would merit a further inquiry, said justice d y chandrachud who wrote the judgment for the three-judge bench headed by chief justice of india dipak misra and comprising justice a m khanwilkar.
;;0.3818;;the top court was also critical of petitioners counsel dushyant dave referring to proceedings related to a 1991 case in which five persons including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had got relief from a high court bench of justices b r gavai and v m deshpande.
;;0.5423;;the court rejected allegations by loyas sister that the then chief justice of the bombay high court justice mohit shah had tried to influence the outcome of the sohrabuddin case saying the allegations were hearsay.
;;0.0;;prime minister narendra modi will address a public rally in nashik on september 19, on the concluding day of chief minister devendrafadnavis three-phase mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.0;;yatra coordinator sujit singh thakur said, during the third phase, fadnavis will travel 13 districts and covering 60 assembly segments and 1,528 km.
;;0.0;;he further said that the maharashtra airport development company (madc) headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis went ahead with the deal despite objections raised by a board member.
;;0.0;;the chief minister-led general administration department has assigned the chitrakoot at malabar hill to nilangekar.
;;0.4601;;while vikhe-patil is almost certain to follow his sons footsteps and join the bjp, sources say chief minister devendrafadnavis wants vikhe-patil to wait till the election results are out.
;;0.4767;;the approval to dispose of these flats has come from chief minister devendrafadnavis after the bjps local unit claimed that it pursued the issue with the state government for two years.
;;0.0;;after taking over in maharashtra, the devendrafadnavis government has already planned rs 1.
;;0.3612;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had run an election campaign for the mumbai civic poll where he had promised more transparency in road and public contracts.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newssoon after being elected chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis also took a kalyan fast from cst discussing overcrowding issues with the commuters.
;;0.0;;ravindra bhaskar, chief public relations officer of the western railway, said, there are nearly two crore people travelling in local trains daily.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was traveling in a sikorsky helicopter purchased in december 2011 during the congress-ncp government for rs 55 crore.
;;0.1531;;but officials admitted given the hectic schedule of fadnavis, the last two-and-a-half years had seen several instances where they had to make last-minute arrangements.
;;0.0;;on may 13, during his visit to gadchiroli, the plane carrying fadnavis developed snag.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the government will give rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.0;;taking a stern view of this, chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all civic chiefs to first ascertain that a public land can be immediately put to use before acquiring it.
;;-0.25;;(file photo)youth congress workers on saturday held demonstrations at osmanabad during chief minister devendrafadnavis tour to protest against state bjp chief raosaheb danves remarks aimed at farmers.
;;-0.4588;;the right-wing activist had threatened chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4404;;even when the cm is saying it is a protected forest, the process has not been completed and it needs to be completed.
;;0.0;;dr kayande had earlier raised objections to the proposal by writing to chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.802;;on july 1 last year, concerned individuals and institutions had petitioned chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him to ban flavoured supari permanently and enforce the ban strictly.
;;-0.1154;;y k sapru of cpaa had written to the cm: this is a request and an appeal not just from us, but from other ngos like us who are involved in tobacco control, and also from thousands of families and patients who have gone through the agony of tobacco-related cancers, and from hundreds of thousands of unsuspecting youths whose lives are at stake.
;;0.0;;purohit has also written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis asking for his immediate intervention.
;;-0.4215;;raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
;;-0.4215;;raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
;;0.0;;with polls to major urban local bodies in the state just around the corner, the maharashtra navnirman sena chief has once again raised the marathi versus non-marathi issue.
;;-0.4215;;raj thackeray, who met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at his residence on wednesday, demanded that autorickshaw permits should be only given to those individuals who knew marathi and demanded that the state should come out with a domicile policy on the lines of the jharkhand government.
;;0.7964;;the state government should implement a domicile policy like jharkhand to ensure that the people of maharashtra benefit, said raj thackeray while briefing the media about his meeting with fadnavis on wednesday morning.
;;-0.2263;;the mns chief also raised concerns about suspected isis activity in the state.
;;0.0;;the opposition on monday targeted chief minister devendrafadnavis for continuing with his political campaign despite a flood-like situation in several parts of the city.
;;0.4767;;read | devendrafadnavis hails decision to scrap article 370 in j&kadvertisingthe state administration, however, said the chief minister and mehtas office were personally monitoring the situation and guiding relief work.
;;-0.0772;;while earlier, reports suggested that both chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackeray were in favour of an alliance, that the two did not have a second chat on the subject was indication that the discussions would collapse, say leaders.
;;0.0;;fadnavis and uddhav talked on the phone and decided that the talks must continue.
;;0.0;;while all eyes were now on the cm, the anticipated call from fadnavis never came.
;;-0.5994;;also, the cm did not step in to stop their leaders from criticising the sena leadership, said the leader.
;;0.0;;by now, it was obvious what the decision would be, barring any last-minute intervention from the cm.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.802;;(file)chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a probe into the incident in aurangabad in which a railway police head constable, rahul kamble, lost his life after a teachers protest turned violent and led to stone-pelting on tuesday.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday announced that the state government will amend laws to make stricter provisions for the implementation of marathi language in schools across all boards.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday ordered an inquiry into irregularities in the slum rehabilitation scheme (srs) following a complaint received on the lokshahi din.
;;0.6369;;almost 23 cases related to diverse subjects were given audience by cm, with clear instructions to resolve them within three days.
;;0.0;;a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
;;0.0;;a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
;;0.0;;a pet project of chief minister devendrafadnavis , the corridor has adopted the land pooling method.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration in mumbai on friday.
;;0.0;;express chief minister devendrafadnavis at the inauguration in mumbai on friday.
;;-0.2263;;expresstwo modernised toilet blocks were inaugurated at the mumbai police commissionerate by chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday.
;;-0.802;;watch video | bmc polls: cm fadnavis, uddhav thackeray with family cast ballotwatch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his votehow does one justify the ugly war of words between uddhav thackeray and devendra fadnavis?
;;0.4019;;promising to make maharashtra drought-free in the next five years, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday embarked on the mahajanadesh yatra, seeking absolute majority in the upcoming state polls.
;;0.0;;in the first phase of yatra, which will continue till august 9, fadnavis will visit vidarbha and parts of north maharashtra.
;;-0.9393;;pragya singh thakur, bjp lok sabha candidate from bhopal, triggered a firestorm friday saying maharashtra ats chief hemant karkare, killed in the line of duty during the 26/11 mumbai terror attack, died because she had cursed him tera sarvanash hoga.
;;0.2732;;the bjps women wing on tuesday said it would launch an outreach campaign to spread the word of the state governments welfare schemes between august 1 and 15, after which 21 lakh rakhis will be presented to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the project, which also involves the development of 25 new towns, is seen as chief minister devendrafadnavis pet infrastructure project.
;;0.5267;;b'mumbai: rpi leader & social justice minister ramdas athawale is felicitated by chief minister devendrafadnavis at shanmukhanand hall in mumbai on friday.
;;0.5267;;pti photo (pti9_2_2016_000381b) mumbai: rpi leader & social justice minister ramdas athawale is felicitated by chief minister devendrafadnavis at shanmukhanand hall in mumbai on friday.
;;0.0;;pti photo (pti9_2_2016_000381b)reaching out to north indians ahead of the bmc polls next year, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said people from that region and other parts of the country, who reside in the state have not only imbibed maharashtras culture, but have also enriched it.
;;0.0;;fadnavis was speaking at baati-chokha, a public dinner programme with traditional north indian menu, organised by bjp at suburban goregaon.
;;0.0;;mumbai bjp general secretary amarjeet mishra, who often organises such events for north indians, said, the work that chief minister of uttar pradesh didnt and couldnt do here in mumbai (to connect with the north indians), is being done by devendraji.
;;0.0;;he added, i have spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis and he has spoken to the pune police commissioner.
;;0.6486;;on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis led a delegation of sena and bjp leaders to meet finance minister arun jaitley to ask the centre for an institutional credit mechanism to help 31 lakh farmers who cannot avail crop loans due to pending debts.
;;0.128;;launched by devendrafadnavis , the project has made 4, 374 villages water neutral so far, as per government projections.
;;0.5106;;the chief minister-led mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), which is the special planning authority for bkc, has decided to explore a more mixed-use development on all vacant plots in the business district.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newschief minister devendrafadnavis gave his nod to the proposal at the mmrdas board meeting earlier this month.
;;0.0;;b'mns chief raj thackeray.
;;0.0;;(express photo by deepak joshi) mns chief raj thackeray.
;;0.0;;a deal was brokered in a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis , mns and the film producers.
;;0.0;;maharashtra: swacch bharat mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) maharashtra: swacch bharat mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
;;0.0;;the mission is driven by chief minister devendrafadnavis who also holds the portfolio of urban development.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has tied the cleanliness drive to health mission.
;;-0.1381;;constable lalita salve constable lalita salveover a month after chief minister devendrafadnavis cleared a file permitting constable lalita salve to undergo a gender reassignment surgery, the office of the maharashtra director general of police (dgp) has recently written to the state home department contending that as medical tests at a state-run hospital identified her as male, the leave salve has sought for undergoing surgery cannot be granted.
;;0.128;;asked why the state police is not treating hers as a special case as directed by the cm, the official said there is no provision to reinduct a female constable who was selected as a lady constable as a male constable.
;;0.8294;;having applied to the government to be permitted to undergo gender reassignment surgery in september last year, in march she was elated when the cm cleared her file, but was hopeful of clear directions from the dgp office regarding when she can proceed on medical leave and if she can resume work as a male constable.
;;0.8338;;but salve says she hopes to get the surgery, as the cm had cleared the file as a special case.
;;0.0;;earlier this week, on may 2, fadnavis had directed officials concerned to complete the procurement of tur in the next five to six days.
;;0.0;;(representational) earlier this week, on may 2, fadnavis had directed officials concerned to complete the procurement of tur in the next five to six days.
;;0.3818;;the former cm said, i am sure you are aware that as per rules of business, specific sanctions from the chief minister and the pmo is mandatory before any minister of the state government is permitted to travel abroad.
;;0.0;;chavan posted this letter on his twitter handle and tagged chief minister devendrafadnavis in it.
;;0.0;;earlier this week, on may 2, fadnavis had directed officials concerned to complete the procurement of tur in the next five to six days.
;;-0.4215;;chief minister chief minister devendrafadnavis is scheduled to meet with a delegation of the agitating farmers on monday.
;;0.25;;this project is chief minister devendrafadnavis dream project and is under constant scrutiny.
;;0.1779;;thackeray had on monday questioned if corruption were to happen in chief minister devendrafadnavis pet project as well.
;;0.0;;the decision was announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai sunday.
;;0.0;;the cms wife amruta fadnavis was also present.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said,  at the end of magnetic maharashtra, we expect total investments to be between rs 10 lakh crore and 12 lakh crore.
;;0.0;;the last two days saw the chief minister holding interactions with big corporate houses and global players to explore newer destinations for their projects and plants.
;;0.0;;in a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday, raj thackeray stirred the marathi issue once more, to be met with immediate opposition from taxi unions, who called it a political stint before the brihanmumbai municipal corporation elections in 2017.
;;0.7269;;this indicated that there is a possibility of shah meeting with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, swabhimani shetkari sanghatana president raju shetti, rashtriya samaj partys mahadeo jankar, republican party of india (a) chief and union minister for social justice ramdas athavale.
;;0.4767;;according to a party spokesperson, in the last two weeks, we reached taluka-wise to apprise people of the policies of prime minister narendra modis government at the centre and chief minister devendrafadnavis government in maharashtra.
;;0.2263;;amid speculation of brewing tension between two alliance partners ahead of the state polls, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said he has asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over a list of seats that the sena would contest.
;;0.4588;;lets see what they do, uddhav said while reiterating that it had been finalised between him and bjp chief amit shah and announced by fadnavis that both parties would contest equal number of seats.
;;0.6908;;though chief minister devendrafadnavis said he was confident of completing the tenure, he added, in politics, very thing is possible and we are always ready.
;;0.4019;;the cm, however, justified the timing.
;;-0.2023;;while pcmc standing committee tuesday ordered an independent probe into the matter, shiv sena mp shrirang barne tuesday wrote to chief minister devendrafadnavis , demanding a probe against pcmc commissioner, building permission department and the town planning department.
;;0.0772;;meanwhile, shiv sena mp shrirang barne on tuesday wrote a letter to cm, demanding an investigation into all the projects sanctioned by outgoing municipal commissioner dinesh waghmare during his 11-month tenure.
;;0.0;;i have urged the cm to launch an investigation into the rampant corruption in pcmc, he said.
;;0.1027;;chief minister amarinder singh directed the police to be prepared to thwart any attempts by pakistan to create disturbance.
;;0.7003;;gujarat: chief minister vijay rupani welcomed the centres move, saying it was a historic and brave decision.
;;0.0;;advertisingmaharashtra: chief minister devendrafadnavis said the centres decision had foiled the attempts of pakistan and the then congress government to separate the state from india.
;;0.0;;although sena did not name chief minister devendrafadnavis , thackerays comments were directed to him, as he holds the home ministry portfolio.
;;-0.5739;;the senas continued criticism against fadnavis and his government has not gone down well with the ruling bjp.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp leader said: we have an able chief minister in devendrafadnavis who will give befitting reply at an appropriate time.
;;0.0;;(source: express photo)dr babasaheb ambedkar will soon come to be associated with digital currency on account of the bhim mobile application, not unlike the manner in which mahatma gandhi is now associated with paper currency, said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday.
;;0.4019;;pti photomaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis friday said change will happen in the state irrespective of whoever comes along with bjp, shortly after shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray announced his party will go solo in next months civic polls in mumbai and other places.
;;-0.3612;;at an internal meeting to discuss the farmers strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed concern stating that the protest would thwart the developmental programmes undertaken for the farmers.
;;0.6808;;huddled with a group of 80 muslim women at chief minister devendrafadnavis mahajanadesh yatra at chandrapur on august 5, ameena sheikh did not shout slogans in favour of the ruling party.
;;0.0;;i came to hear what the chief minister would say about water scarcity.
;;0.4767;;at each of his rallies in the first phase of the yatra, fadnavis tried to woo people, mostly farmers, by reiterating that his government has invested rs 50,000 crore in agriculture sector in the past five years, which was much higher than the rs 20,000 crore that the previous congress-ncp government had invested during the 15 years they were in power in the state.
;;0.1027;;fadnavis also drew attention to the industrial hubs  from textile to defence  that were set up in vidarbha.
;;0.0;;yatras chief coordinator sujit singh thakur said, unlike in the past, where politics was the central theme, fadnavis focussed on his developmental politics during the mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.4767;;claiming that it was for the first time that any chief minister had presented to the people an account of what the bjp-led government did in last five years, agriculture minister anil bonde said, for the first time we have seen a cm who is presenting to the people audit of his five years work district wise.
;;0.0;;at the same time, the cm has also revealed the shortcomings (of the government).
;;0.0;;five years later, fadnavis forayed into vidarbha, indicating that he is trying to redraw the in-house political boundaries.
;;0.4019;;interestingly, bjps slogan at every rally or roadshow also projected fadnavis as the undisputed leader of maharashtra  devendrafadnavis aage badho, maharashtra aap ke saath hain.
;;0.0;;on his part, fadnavis ensured there was a mention of gadkari at every rally, especially in the context of national highways.
;;0.0;;for instance, power minister chandrashekhar bawankule accompanied fadnavis during the yatra in nagpur district, while finance minister sudhir mungantiwar was seen alongside the cm at the chandrapur rally.
;;-0.5719;;after accusing revenue minister chandrakant patil of wrongdoing, the opposition on friday mounted an offensive on chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis did not respond to the allegations.
;;-0.3818;;the elections have turned into a battle of prestige for chief minister devendrafadnavis who is heading the states first bjp-led government, and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray.
;;0.1779;;watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his voteholding the status of the biggest municipal corporation in the country, bmc will witness competitive elections with 2,275 candidates in the fray for 227 seats.
;;-0.2263;;i have written to chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding permission to form a police union.
;;-0.4767;;a day after the bjps kirit somaiya claimed his party would bring out a black paper on scams in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, the shiv sena saturday struck back, targeting chief minister devendrafadnavis and alleging corruption in the bjp-led state government.
;;0.3182;;for final decisions on any proposal in the bmcs standing committee, the civic chief and the urban development department are responsible.
;;0.0;;this department is headed by fadnavis.
;;0.0;;shewale also showed photographs of fadnavis with the contractor.
;;-0.296;;there is no transparency in the home department, which is headed by fadnavis, he added.
;;0.0;;the sena leader dared fadnavis to act against the corrupt.
;;0.0;;fadnavis should investigate and take action against them, he said.
;;-0.3612;;(express photo)after being prevented from offering worship in the core shrine area of the shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district on sunday, the trupti desai-led bhumata brigade has decided to file a contempt of court case in the bombay high court against chief minister devendrafadnavis and his government.
;;0.0;;maharsahtra cm devendrafadnavis maharsahtra cm devendrafadnavis state government has given nod for regional plan to be implemented in eight districts of satara, kolhapur, nanded, latur, jalna, thane, palghar and raigad.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken by the urban development ministry led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.802;;read: bmc elections 2017: wont ally with congress at any cost, says maharashtra cm devendra fadnaviswhile the easier option of the shiv sena and the bjp burying their differences and coming back together remains open, thackerays party has dropped hints that its not averse to exercising the more improbable option of taking congress support.
;;0.4019;;the situation is such that both parties (bjp and sena) have to come together, gadkari said adding that a final decision would be taken by chief minister devendrafadnavis and uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.3612;;(express archive)after three consecutive days of disruption, the state legislative council wednesday resumed business after chief minister devendrafadnavis placated the opposition, saying the state government was not considering carving out a separate vidarbha state.
;;0.5859;;even before the dust settles on bjps landslide lok sabha election win, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis office has already switched into mission mode for the upcoming assembly polls.
;;0.25;;fadnavis himself is not leaving anything to chance.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, speculation is also rife that cm fadnavis will rejig his own cabinet.
;;0.0;;there are whispers in the corridors that fadnavis will soon carry out the long pending transfer of senior bureaucrats.
;;0.25;;pti photothe farmers from maharashtra have withdrawn their strike today after holding a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis who promised to take a series of measures to meet their demands.
;;0.0;;a delegation of farmers from puntambe village had come to mumbai to meet fadnavis last night after he invited them for discussion.
;;0.0258;;earlier, shiv sena legislator and former mayor sunil prabhu had written to chief minister devendrafadnavis urging him to prevent the sale of salt pan land to builders.
;;0.1901;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wife amruta (an aspiring playback singer), ram vilas paswans son chirag (once keen to be a movie star but now a politician) and former gujarat cm anandiben patels granddaughter sanskruti (a model) are among those who have sought out sharma.
;;-0.7003;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday condoled the killing of a jawan of the special force that conducts anti-naxal operations, in a landmine attack by maoists in gadchiroli district.
;;-0.2263;;he demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis should clarify his agenda of transparency.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.2911;;so i was surprised when (chief minister) fadnavis inducted corrupt faces in his cabinet.
;;0.0;;leader of opposition in maharashtra assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil alleged that fadnavis was protecting corrupt ministers.
;;0.7906;;the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like the mns and the aimim to the background.
;;0.5994;;expressfacing opposition from farmers over acquisition of land for the proposed mumbai-nagpur super expressway corridor, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday rolled out a bouquet of options for farmers and landowners whose plots are proposed to be acquired for setting up an international airport near pune.
;;0.0258;;with the government keen on avoiding another face-off, fadnavis offered a host of options as compensation for the project-hit families, including one where a landowner can opt to become a stakeholder in the project.
;;-0.6124;;in the last lap of his campaign for the bypolls in the palghar lok sabha constituency, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday warned his political rivals against intimidating voters.
;;0.0;;this coalition is the first steps towards tobacco control over the next few years, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the dhule resident had written to chief minister devendrafadnavis on april 3, seeking a probe in the scheduled case recruitment drive held in 1989 in the civic body.
;;0.4019;;express photo by prem nath pandey/filesthe bjp, union ministers and chief ministers of bjp-ruled states welcomed the supreme court verdict dismissing pleas to probe the death of judge b h loya.
;;0.6124;;b'union minister m venkaiah naidu along with chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis paying tributes to freedom fighters on the anniversary quit india movement.
;;0.6124;;(source: pti) union minister m venkaiah naidu along with chief minister of maharashtra, devendrafadnavis paying tributes to freedom fighters on the anniversary quit india movement.
;;0.3612;;all the central ministers and also chief ministers of states have been assigned two places each for visiting birth places of national icons and places of historical importance related to independence movement such as jallianwala bagh, chauri chaura, cellular jail, sabarmati ashram, dandi etc, he added.
;;0.4019;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday sought financial support from the centre for completion of 107 irrigation projects in drought-prone vidarbha and marathwada region of state.
;;-0.2263;;at the third meeting of the governing council of the niti aayog in new delhi, the cm stressed on the short and long term policy reforms initiative of his government towards making farmers self reliant by 2021.
;;0.0;;the cm also mentioned about the 26 irrigation projects under prime ministers krishisinchai yojna (pmky) which requires rs 16,603 crore.
;;0.0;;advertisingpatil took charge in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis at the bjp headquarters in mumbai.
;;0.5423;;fadnavis, addressing party workers, said, in the last four and half years patil as a cabinet colleague has handled important portfolios such as revenue, agriculture and public works department.
;;0.0;;we have fadnavis who hails from vidarbha region.
;;0.6124;;asked if he was looking forward to a greater role like being cm in future, patil said, i have always believed in work assigned to me by the centre.
;;-0.743;;the move comes following chief minister devendrafadnavis directions to the civic administration to prepare a detailed plan on solid waste management and bring an end to dumping waste at uruli devachi and phursungi villages.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis issued the order at the weekly cabinet meeting on tuesday.
;;-0.7351;;cm wants metro by dec 2019, activists say work during monsoon will inconvenience mumbaikars cm wants metro by dec 2019, activists say work during monsoon will inconvenience mumbaikarswith a december 2019 deadline in mind, as wished by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) has started work on barricading a 1-km stretch at three places along the route, right in the middle of the monsoon, though this is expected to inconvenience commuters and motorists in the western suburbs.
;;0.4215;;since it is fadnavis vision to complete the project by december 2019, every single day is important to us.
;;0.5859;;chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday inaugurated the administrative building of force one, maharashtras specialised security force formed on the lines of the national security guard (nsg).
;;0.7506;;bhosale, who was speaking in satara, praised his friend chief minister devendrafadnavis for sanctioning projects proposed by him when he was an opposition mp.
;;-0.6758;;whats most unfortunate is that although the state had a chief minister from satara (former congress chief minister prithviraj chavan), he did not support me when i took various proposals to him.
;;0.7845;;i am glad to share that chief minister fadnavis helped me in the last few years although i belonged to the opposition party.
;;0.0;;bhosale and several other new entrants to the bjp attended mahajanadesh yatra that entered satara on sunday evening with fadnavis, state ministers chandrakant patil and girish mahajan, among others.
;;0.0;;kedari claimed that in the past few months, he has written three letters to chief minister devendrafadnavis , and urged the cm to take steps to overhaul the institute, so that the very motive for which it was established, is served.
;;0.3612;;we are also ready to discuss any issues the opposition wants, chief minister devendrafadnavis said while addressing reporters.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also rubbished the oppositions allegation that his governments claims on development were virtual and did not reflect on the ground.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the state government has sought help from japan to formulate a long-term plan to tackle floods, which will be financed by the world bank and asian development bank.
;;0.7579;;but ask the villagers who is the face of the party in the upcoming elections to 25 zilla parishads and 10 municipal corporations, they point to a huge poster of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;a senior bjp-rss leader, who has worked closely with fadnavis, said, poll campaigns are often part of a shrewd strategy for organisational expansion.
;;-0.4019;;if fadnavis is planting lotus (party symbol), why should the bjp have problems?
;;0.0;;bjps poll strategist shrikant bharatiya said, in the last two years, fadnavis has emerged as the match-winner for the bjp.
;;-0.128;;in every election, the maximum demand for addressing campaigns are for fadnavis.
;;0.1466;;while fadnavis critics within the party feel his overexposure in the local bodies elections may thwart his political career, what cannot be overlooked is that under fadnavis leadership, the bjp has penetrated territory held by the congress and the ncp for six decades.
;;0.0;;a day after the state government announced that novolipetsk steel, or nlmk, one of the largest steel companies in russia, is likely to make an investment of rs 800 crore in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the project will come up at auric city in aurangabads delhi mumbai industrial corridor.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe representatives nlmk on thursday met the cm in mumbai to discuss the project.
;;0.0;;reiterating the plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis had later estimated that this would cost the government an additional rs 8,000 crore.
;;0.1531;;b'the decision to scrap the tenders was taken during a meeting of the state cabinet, chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.1531;;the decision to scrap the tenders was taken during a meeting of the state cabinet, chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.1531;;the decision to scrap the tenders was taken during a meeting of the state cabinet, chaired by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.2023;;(representational image)shiv sena ministers on tuesday called on chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence at mumbai and demanded a special session of the maharashtra legislature to discuss the issues plaguing the farmers.
;;0.4019;;thus, we have urged the chief minister for a special assembly (session) to discuss the farmers issues.
;;0.4767;;another sena minister, ramdas kadam, said during the meeting, they also urged the chief minister to commence tur procurement once again and provide relief to farmers who had a bumper production this year.
;;0.0;;b'district guardian minister girish bapat district guardian minister girish bapatdistrict guardian minister girish bapat and mp amar sable have scotched speculations that chief minister devendrafadnavis will change the names of two nominations related to co-opted corporators.
;;0.0;;similarly, sable who two days ago had met fadnavis in mumbai, said, the cm has categorically told me that the three names that he had nominated as co-opted corporators will remain and there will not be any change in them.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had nominated bjp leaders babu nair, mauli thorat and moreshwar shedge as co-opted corporators.
;;0.1027;;bjp leaders said bapat has apparently been asked by fadnavis to ensure that there are no hiccups and the ratification process takes place smoothly.
;;-0.5106;;both were rejected by fadnavis.
;;0.0;;mns chief raj thackeray while addressing his speech on gudi padwa at shivaji park dadar.
;;0.0;;express photo by dilip kagda mns chief raj thackeray while addressing his speech on gudi padwa at shivaji park dadar.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis featuring in the river anthem campaign against pollution, he said, the government makes slogans which remain untranslated in reality.
;;-0.5267;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisdevendra fadnaviss statement at a bjp rally on saturday that people who refuse to chant bharat mata ki jai have no place in india is unbecoming of a chief minister.
;;-0.5267;;but in a time when an elected leader who also holds the constitutional office of chief minister makes a statement that violates both the letter and the spirit of the constitution, and gets away with it, the question could be: why single out ramdev?
;;0.5267;;fadnavis, later, clarified that his government is guided by the indian constitution where every citizen has equal rights and would get justice.
;;-0.2411;;farm activist kishor tiwari, who chaired the state government task force vasantrao naik sheti swavlamban mission, on saturday hit out at chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari for not keeping the promise of accommodating him in the vidhan parishad and announced his decision to return to activism.
;;0.4767;;tiwari, who is not a bjp member, said, i went with the bjp on the invitation of fadnavis and gadkari as they thought i could provide them valuable guidance on agricultural issues.
;;0.8674;;but the bjp doesnt need me anymore since they have so many bigwigs joining them asked if the fadnavis government was successful in delivering anything worthwhile to farmers, tiwari said, they brought focus on many issues like crop pattern and sustainability but there was only talk and no policy reforms.
;;0.6369;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has held at least half-a-dozen meetings with the slbc, has issued clear instructions to ensure 100 per cent disbursement of crop loans to eligible farmers in 2018-19.
;;0.7506;;representational file/agency photowith muslims set to celebrate eid-ul-adha that involves sacrificing an animal, next month, the samajwadi party has told chief minister devendrafadnavis to rein in gau rakshaks in the state.
;;0.4019;;if the cm wants the rule of law to prevail he must categorically state his governments position on cow vigilantism, samajwadi party mla and president of the maharashtra unit, abu asim azmi said.
;;-0.4939;;the political acumen shown by maharashtras first chief minister, yashwantrao chavan, has be-en lacking and the state has only witnessed manipulations to keep dissatisfaction under control in both vidarbha and marathwada.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis initiated the jalyukta shivar in 2015.
;;0.4215;;secondly, with chief minister devendrafadnavis handpicking mundhe for the navi mumbai assignment, the party is also wary that backing a no-confidence motion against him would embarass the cm and the bjp.
;;0.0258;;the congress wednesday used data from the reserve bank of india to taunt the devendrafadnavis government over its magnetic maharashtra initiative, questioning the governments claims on new investment commitments made at the investor summit.
;;0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had claimed tuesday that maharashtra signed mous worth rs 16 lakh crore at the summit, including rs 12.
;;0.34;;while the maharashtra congress chief interacted with the media in mumbai, former cm prithviraj chavan and former minister vijay wadettiwar spoke on the issue in pune and nagpur, respectively.
;;-0.8074;;accusing the fadnavis government of creating a mirage of development and change, ashok chavan alleged that the statistics on unemployment, worsening fiscal outlook of the states economy, and the rising tax burden on citizens presented a contrary picture on the ground.
;;-0.5719;;taking a jibe at fadnavis, he added that maharashtra under him had become pathetic maharashtra.
;;-0.8225;;mans is planning to start a social media campaign tagging maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and prime minister narendra modi to demand the arrest of the mastermind behind dabholkars murder.
;;0.0;;the bjp campaign was led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4939;;mns chief raj thackeray and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray addressed one rally each for their party candidates, with no other big names campaigning for the party.
;;0.0;;b'mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis felicitates olympic silver medallist shuttler p v sindhu and her coach gopichand in mumbai.
;;0.0;;pti photo mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis felicitates olympic silver medallist shuttler p v sindhu and her coach gopichand in mumbai.
;;0.0;;pti photorio olympics silver medallist, p v sindhu and her mentor and chief national coach pulela gopichand were felicitated by maharashtra badminton association here today.
;;0.0;;the felicitation ceremony was attended by chief minister of maharashtra shri devendrafadnavis and sports minister of maharashtra vinod tawde.
;;0.4019;;cm on price risechief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday advocated bringing petrol and diesel under goods and services tax (gst), which he said would help in reducing their prices.
;;-0.4767;;but, pawar stressed that since chief minister devendrafadnavis had taken the decision regarding nominating the two leaders, it is being considered as the final.
;;-0.5106;;both jagtap and landges recommendations were rejected by the cm.
;;0.3818;;the cm has taken the decision, we should all accept it, he said.
;;-0.25;;deepak joshithere has been a split in the ranks of farmers over the decision to withdraw their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis late on friday night.
;;-0.5106;;a large chunk of farmers criticised the delegation which met the cm and claimed that the strike will continue.
;;-0.1526;;we have told the state government that if it does not stay true to its promise in the next four months, we will not allow the government to function, suryavanshi had said soon after the core committee meeting with the cm in which the withdrawal had been announced.
;;0.0;;the cm has spun a web around farmers.
;;-0.5499;;i was first invited to a meeting with the cm but was detained by the pune rural police at dehu road police station.
;;-0.7906;;the shiv sena today dubbed as ruthless and shameful the alleged assault of a farmer last week by police personnel at the state secretariat, where he came to meet maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.5647;;he had claimed to have incurred losses to the tune of rs 10 lakh during hailstorm in 2015 but was refused any compensation from the authorities following which he came to meet fadnavis.
;;-0.6369;;will the cm believe that a weaponless and hunger stricken farmer bit a hefty policeman and got away with it ?
;;-0.3182;;the sena said that fadnavis, who talks of a transparent administration, has not been able to provide compensation to farmers who lost their crop to unseasonal rains and hailstorm in 2015 and bhusare represented all of them.
;;0.0;;the cm has already ordered a high-level probe into the episode.
;;-0.8834;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday has announced a high-level inquiry into the wall collapse tragedy at malads pimpripada, which has so far claimed 21 lives including seven children and injured another 75.
;;-0.5719;;while announcing financial assistance of rs 5 lakh to the families of those who had lost their lives, the cm informed that had directed the mumbai municipality to extend additional assistance of another rs 5 lakh from its corpus to the bereaved families.
;;-0.4404;;amid criticism from various quarters, fadnavis rallied behind official agencies.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday there is a need to change the perception of politicians in the peoples mind.
;;0.0;;a government resolution (gr) to this effect was issued on friday after the decision was taken by a cabinet sub committee headed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on august 2.
;;-0.0516;;sources in the government said chief minister devendrafadnavis had approached the centre last fortnight seeking a financial assistance to help 31 lakh farmers with an accumulated loan burden of rs 30,500 crore.
;;0.0;;at function in chandrapur tuesday, fadnavis came down heavily on the opposition.
;;0.0772;;advertisingat a meeting held in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis also said that the decrease in medical seats in open category due to reservation for various social communities in the state will be compensated by increasing the number of seats.
;;0.7096;;a delegation under the banner of save merit, save nation had called upon fadnavis to express disappointment over the shrinking seats for general students in medical colleges.
;;0.0516;;an official statement issued by the state government after the meeting said, the cm has assured to make up the loss of open category seats by increasing the seats in mbbs and pg.
;;0.7584;;announcing the setting up of an eight-member commission, comprising officials and experts, to solve problems of open category students, fadnavis urged them to not worry over the new quota and said the government would ensure justice to all students across communities.
;;0.0;;the state government has put together a task force to tackle malnutrition in palghar, eight months after chief minister devendrafadnavis asked several departments to present a combined report on the methods to control malnutrition in the district.
;;-0.296;;a group of water and irrigation sector experts has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis opposing the rs 16,000-crore proposed marathwada water grid project and expressing doubts on whether the project is warranted at all.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently said the bjp was planning to field someone from the wanaga family in the by-election.
;;-0.8779;;the sena chief expressed his grief over the death of chintaman wanaga and said it was unfortunate that the palghar seat fell vacant after his demise.
;;-0.4767;;thackeray also took a dig at chief minister fadnavis and said he must have thought the poor man from an adivasi (tribal) family would not be able to do much and toe the bjps line ultimately.
;;0.4019;;the cm must have thought (shrinivas) wanaga does not have money, neither will he have any support.
;;0.0;;bjps ashish shelar said cm fadnavis will be first such chief minister who wanted to connect with commoners over a dinner with their traditional food.
;;0.0;;(file photo) bjps ashish shelar said cm fadnavis will be first such chief minister who wanted to connect with commoners over a dinner with their traditional food.
;;0.0;;(file photo)in a bid to connect with north indian voters ahead of bmc elections slated next year, ruling bjp has organised a public dinner with a traditional menu at suburban goregaon on september 2 which will be attended by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.0;;he said fadnavis will be first such cm who wanted to connect with commoners over a dinner with their traditional food.
;;0.0;;mumbai bjp general secretary amarjeet mishra, who often organises such functions for north indians, said, the work that chief minister of uttar pradesh didnt and couldnt do here in mumbai (to connect with the north indians), is being done by devendraji.
;;0.8402;;mishra, who recently organised a music festival dedicated to kajri form of singing which is popular in northern belt, said, our cm is connecting with north indians very fast and this was very much visible when he instantly donned gamachha during a programme when he came to know that it was a typical a traditional cotton towel used in north india.
;;0.0;;advertisingwhile speculation over the names of senior ncp leaders chhagan bhujbal and ramraje nimbalkar, and maharashtra swabhiman paksha (msp) leader narayan rane have been doing the rounds over the past few days, satara ncp mp udayanraje bhosales meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai tuesday evening has sent the rumour mill into an overdrive.
;;0.0;;bjp releases manifesto for goa polls; focus on jobs, tourismgoa chief minister lakshmikant parsekar with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders releasing the partys manifest for goa assembly polls in panaji on sunday.
;;0.0;;pti photo goa chief minister lakshmikant parsekar with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders releasing the partys manifest for goa assembly polls in panaji on sunday.
;;0.4019;;the manifesto was released by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in the presence of his goan counterpart laxmikant parsekar, union ayush minister shripad naik and other party leaders.
;;0.4019;;pti photocongress vice-president rahul gandhi and samajwadi party chief and up chief minister akhilesh yadav were showered with rose petals and garlands as their joint road show slowly made its way through a 12-km stretch in lucknow.
;;-0.128;;(source: file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis friday toured akola, washim and hingoli to promote the public welfare projects, especially in core sectors such as housing for poor, water conservation works and health camps in villages.
;;0.0;;at shirala village, residents walked the chief minister through an exhibition on water conservation works in their vicinity undertaken with the peoples participation.
;;0.0516;;while revealing that digitalisation would bring better healthcare, fadnavis indicated that the government would ensure nobody was deprived of the medical treatment, and there should be no difference in healthcare services provided in rural and urban areas.
;;-0.34;;pti photoamid uncertainty over alliance with shiv sena for next months civic polls, including bmc, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the seat-sharing talks are going on in the right direction.
;;0.0;;in his address, fadnavis listed various achievements of bjp governments at state and centre.
;;0.0;;the board will give its recommendations, after which the report will be sent to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.1531;;as embarrassment for the party mounts, the top leadership has left it to chief minister devendrafadnavis to chart the next course of action.
;;0.0;;state revenue minister chandrakant patil told pti that the bjp core committee of the state leaders met at varsha, the official residence of chief minister devendrafadnavis at mumbai on thursday, to discuss the preparations for the upcoming conclave.
;;0.5242;;watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsreacting to the development, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: parivartan is inevitable, irrespective of those who join or dont in our fight for transparency and accountable administration for larger public welfare.
;;-0.6369;;b'revenue minister eknath khadse on monday appeared to take a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis over the row involving his personal aide, who has been arrested by the anti-corruption bureau (acb) on bribery charges.
;;0.0;;the acb functions under the home department, which is headed by the cm.
;;0.0;;he added, we request the state government and particularly chief minister devendrafadnavis to take this up and file an appeal at the appropriate forum.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the government had roped in three private legal firms to assist in drafting rules and laws for the state.
;;0.0;;the cm added that these entities would not be part of the daily functioning of the department and would only be given specific tasks.
;;-0.5267;;watch video | bmc elections 2017: polling begins across maharashtra, mns chief raj thackeray casts his voteclick here for live updates from the bmc elections | click here for live updates from pmc electionstake, for example, the number of criminals in the fray.
;;0.5106;;interview with devendra fadnavis: transparency to remain non-negotiable in sena-bjp alliance after pollswhen it comes to spending, the bjp tops the list.
;;0.4588;;all bjp posters have chief minister devendrafadnavis accompanying a smiling pm narendra modi reminding voters about corruption-free (cashless too?
;;0.2023;;ramnath subramaniam, chief executive officer (ceo) of the village social development foundation (vsdf), a specially created government body, said: we have selected 180 fellows in the first stage from among 3,500 applicants desirous of working in difficult areas.
;;0.0;;the foundation will have a government council with chief minister devendrafadnavis as chairman and his principal secretary pravin sinh pardeshi as mentor.
;;0.0;;fadnavis will address the first batch of 100 rdfs at yashda on sunday to flag off the programme.
;;0.6705;;advertisingofficial documents obtained by the indian express under the right to information act show that on july 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis approved in principle the revenue departments proposal to treat a foreshore portion on the seaward side of the high tide line (htl) in the nepean sea road area as revenue land.
;;0.0;;the documents also show that the revenue department had processed the proposal after slum developer, m/s dlpl infrastructure llp, had approached fadnavis in this regard.
;;0.0772;;on september 26, 2016, in a letter to the cm, the developer requested him to issue directives to the mumbai (city) collector for providing a cadastral survey number to the foreshore land for a slum redevelopment project to be undertaken on it.
;;-0.128;;on september 29, the department forwarded the developers demand to the mumbai collector, on which the cm noted, collector of mumbai, examine and do the needful.
;;-0.4465;;(express)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis escaped unhurt in the chopper crash on thursday but a video of the crash that surfaced on the internet showed the chief minister had a very narrow escape.
;;0.0;;twitter.com/xtikkyvkhg  ani (@ani_news) may 25, 2017the chief minister was accompanied by six other members in the team and two crew members.
;;0.6597;;the cm also released a video assuring of the safety of his team.
;;0.2732;;spoke to commander of the flight as well as honble cm.
;;0.8622;;so one of the most powerful personalities of the film industry stooped to engage with political powers and a truce was famously arrived at between the two parties, after the bjp-led states chief minister, devendrafadnavis , played mediator.
;;-0.1531;;also read | padmaavat to release across india as supreme court stays ban by four statesthe incident was one of great shame where a states chief minister had publicly endorsed a bully instead of assuring the makers and exhibitors that anyone breaking law in maharashtra will be punished.
;;0.0;;members of the national federation of visually impaired persons stood on the road outside the main gate at mantralaya, raising slogans against chief minister devendrafadnavis and his government.
;;0.3612;;5 km, sources said that chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to perform a bhoomipujan for a 11.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, ahead of the state polls, the fadnavis government also okayed another proposal to facilitate urban local bodies to raise loans for various infrastructure projects.
;;-0.296;;udayanraje will fly to delhi from pune, accompanied by chief minister devendrafadnavis , in a chartered plan he will submit his resignation to the lok sabha speaker, he added.
;;0.0;;thackeray has now lined up a meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the concerns harboured by police families on september 7.
;;0.0;;earlier this week, maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief raj thackeray had spoken out against the incident quite vehemently and had even tried make a political issue out of it.
;;0.0;;at present, fadnavis holds the home portfolio.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , state bjp chief raosaheb danve and mumbai bjp president ashish shelar are expected to attend the meeting, party sources said.
;;0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday inducted maval mla sanjay alias bala bhegade as a minister of state (mos) into the expanded cabinet, and offered olive branches to mlas laxman jagtap and mahesh landge, who were ignored in the recent rejig, with a promise of justice in his next tenure.
;;0.0;;landges brother kartik told the indian express, the cm called up mahesh dada around 6.
;;0.3612;;however, the cm promised that after the upcoming elections, he would include one of them in the ministry, kartik said.
;;-0.5994;;mahesh dada told the cm that if jagtap is made a cabinet minister, he will have no problem.
;;-0.34;;pimpri-chinchwad should get representation, that is what he told the cm, he said, while denying reports that his brother was planning to quitthe bjp.
;;0.3612;;landge was apparently promised a ministerial berth by the cm during his visit to chakan this month.
;;0.0;;b'pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
;;0.0;;(file) pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
;;0.0;;pcmc and pmrda officials discussed the issue with chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently.
;;0.4019;;yes, the issue of merger of pcntda with pmrda or pcmc was discussed with fadnavis.
;;0.6597;;the simmering discontent within the shiv sena against the bjp seems to have been pacified for the time being with chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday promising equitable support to sena mlas on development funds.
;;0.34;;the cm has given us an assurance that there will be equitable distribution of development funds.
;;-0.128;;on friday, the shiv sena also raised the demand for farm loan waiver with fadnavis.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari and others flag off during the inaugurate the indias first ola multi modal electric vehicle project in nagpur on friday.
;;0.0;;(pti photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister nitin gadkari and others flag off during the inaugurate the indias first ola multi modal electric vehicle project in nagpur on friday.
;;0.0;;the union minister, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , inaugurated indias first multi-modal electric vehicle project at the nagpur airport complex here.
;;-0.0772;;the budget session of the maharashtra legislature begins here today and is expected to be a smooth sailing affair for the devendrafadnavis government after the bjp averted a face-off with sparring ally shiv sena over the mumbai mayors post.
;;0.0;;discussion on the governors address will take place on march 8 and 9, followed by chief minister devendrafadnavis reply, he said.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has demanded transparent administration as the agenda for alliance and virtually admitted that there was no transparency in the civic body for the last two decades.
;;0.0;;a letter purportedly suggesting to assassinate modi and fadnavis has come to the fore, however, it is condemnable that the issue is being milked for political purpose, it said.
;;-0.3612;;similarly, fadnavis has converted the state secretariat into a fortress, where the movement of common man has become difficult, it alleged.
;;0.0;;ncp leader ganesh naik and congress leader harshvardhan patil on wednesday joined the bjp in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;the senas softened stand on the bjp comes a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis spoke to the party chief uddhav thackeray and sought continuation of negotiations on alliance.
;;0.128;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: pti/file) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: pti/file)chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said the loan waiver promised by the state government was the biggest ever, even as the farmers agitation in the state continued for the sixth day.
;;0.4215;;fadnavis added that he would talk only to true farmer leaders.
;;0.2023;;while an expert panel under the centres chief economic advisor arvind subramanian has recommended a revenue-neutral rate of 15-15.
;;0.0;;5 per cent and most states are pushing for capping the rate at 18 per cent on goods and services, chief minister devendrafadnavis dropped indications that maharashtra might just press for a higher rate of tax.
;;0.5574;;fadnavis, meanwhile, refuted accusations that maharashtras interest was being compromised for a better taxation regime nationally.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis engineered a double coup.
;;0.0;;the saviour was devendra fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;on july 28, the samajwadi party announced that it will ask maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to rename the 35-km long proposed coastal road in mumbai to be named after kalam.
;;0.5267;;the aap spokesperson asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to sack khotkar and said she will file a case against him with anti-corruption bureau and also write to the chief justice of india.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all district guardian ministers to visit drought-hit areas and review the relief work.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has directed all district guardian ministers to visit drought-hit areas and review the relief work.
;;0.4019;;the party also asked the chief election commissioner to withhold the results of palghar constituency until recounting was completed.
;;0.1531;;two days ahead of the palghar lok sabha bypoll, thackeray released an audio clip of chief minister devendrafadnavis , where he is purportedly heard asking bjp workers to use saam, daam, dand, bhed (negotiation, money, punishment and division) to win the may 28 bye-election.
;;0.7717;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said he held talks with union minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and union home minister rajnath singh to convey the strong sentiments of people of state about delivering justice to jadhav.
;;0.4019;;a delegation of bjp members met fadnavis urging him to ask the centre to do something to help jadhav.
;;0.5511;;desai, president of bhumata brigade, who left pune with nearly 150-175 activists as part of her plan to push for entry of women into the garbhagriha (sanctum sanctorum) of the temple, urged chief minister devendrafadnavis to make sure that their members are not detained on the way, as the authorities did during the earlier campaign.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has approved the plan to transform wadala into the commercial centre on the lines of the bkc.
;;0.4767;;it was first set in motion in january last year, when the mmrdas directorial board, headed by the cm, sanctioned the proposal, which was later submitted to the government for approval.
;;0.2023;;in june 2010, an empowered committee, under the chairmanship of then chief secretary, has first recommended that the shifting of the truck terminus and development of the region as a business district.
;;0.0;;speculation on bhosales future move started doing rounds after he called on chief minister devendrafadnavis here on tuesday night.
;;0.0;;commenting on the meeting, senior ncp leader and former deputy chief minister ajit pawar told reporters that udayanraje met the chief minister to draw his attention to the flood-hit people in satara district.
;;-0.5696;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , city ncp chief and rajya sabha mp vandana chavan said the maps published by the pmc on the development plan of the city are not clear and are in black-and-white format, making them difficult for residents to understand.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis later apologised over the incident and demanded strict action against those responsible for the lapse.
;;-0.2023;;fadnavis condemned the incident as well.
;;0.0258;;congress leader prithviraj chavan said the chief minister could not wash his hands off the incident saying the matter was in the legislatures domain.
;;0.7717;;a highly placed source in the bjp said, chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen to engage the sena in a dialogue and thrash out a mutually agreeable formula for the bmc.
;;0.0;;however, after a series of deliberations, the sena has come to a conclusion that it should not link the bmc developments to the fadnavis government in maharashtra.
;;-0.3089;;a senior leader said, the shiv sena will not withdraw its support from the fadnavis government.
;;0.0;;at the annual meeting on friday to take stock of the situation ahead of the coming kharif season, chief minister devendrafadnavis emphasised on shifting water-intensive crops from flood irrigation to drip irrigation.
;;0.25;;while expressing concern over the crop loss, fadnavis exuded confidence that overall food production for year 2018-19 would be 115.
