;;0.2732;;we have agreed to set up a committee to allot agricultural land to tribals provided they submit proof of pre-2005 land cultivation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;2: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today allocated portfolios to his ministers without waiting for the alliance negotiations with the shiv sena to conclude.
;;0.0;;however, the revenue ministry was today given to eknath khadse, former leader of the opposition in the assembly and a chief ministerial aspirant.
;;0.0;;fadnavis left for hometown nagpur.
;;-0.25;;pti picturemumbai, mar 20 (agencies): railway authorities have begun talks with apprentice-students whose agitation for jobs threw the citys suburban services out of gear on tuesday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative assembly.
;;-0.5216;;29 (pti): chief minister devendrafadnavis today said former mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria had stated peter mukerjea was not guilty in the sheena bora murder case.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has consented to be the chief guest.
;;0.6124;;nagaland chief minister t.r. zeliang, meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma, chief secretaries of arunachal pradesh, mizoram, tripura and top officials of sikkim and manipur will also be present at the festival, he said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has started calling the disgruntled among our legislators, a congress politician said from mumbai.
;;-0.4215;;fadnavis appealed for calm, saying maharashtra is a progressive state that does not believe in casteist violence.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state government would follow the tamil nadu model to provide a 16 per cent quota to the maratha community in education and government jobs telegraph file picturemaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state government would follow the tamil nadu model to provide a 16 per cent quota to the maratha community in education and government jobs.
;;0.0;;kristalina georgieva, who in 2017 became the world banks chief executive officer, will assume the role of interim president when kim departs.
;;0.128;;the bjp has since withdrawn its support to mehbooba, leading to her resignation as chief minister and governors rule in jammu and kashmir.
;;-0.7876;;the sena had later joined the state government, led by the bjps devendrafadnavis , but has been bitterly critical of the narendra modi regime at the centre.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met paswan here to push for a hike in duty which would enable the farmers to get a higher price.
;;0.1027;;maharashtra cm has demanded an increase in tur dal import duty to 25 per cent.
;;0.836;;during a rally, sena chief uddhav thackeray played an audio clip wherein chief minister devendrafadnavis purportedly exhorted the party cadre to win the elections by all means possible.
;;0.5859;;an editorial in the sena mouthpiece 'saamana' today said its nominee will win the palghar seat, despite the bjp roping in up chief minister yogi adityanath in the poll campaign.
;;0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis must act fast or a befitting reply will be given for sure, he said.
;;-0.5267;;my government is firmly behind the farmers in distress in parts of maharashtra and a total of rs 7,000 crore would be spent to tackle it, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the assembly, replying to a debate on the biting scarcity in many of the state's 48,000 villages.
;;0.2023;;pictures by bhola prasad late tv actress pratyusha banerjee's parents on tuesday called a news meet at their sonari residence in jamshedpur to announce their intention of requesting chief minister raghubar das and the state women's commission to help them get justice for their daughter, found dead under mysterious circumstances on april 1 in mumbai.
;;-0.0258;;31 (pti): the indian army will help build a new foot overbridge at the elphinstone road station by january 31, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday as union ministers nirmala sitharaman and piyush goyal visited the station, where a deadly stampede took place last month.
