;;0.0;;fadnavis said that he has also put across a proposal regarding the same to the centre.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is working towards providing 12-hour uninterrupted power to the farmers across rural maharashtra.
;;-0.3612;;whichever party the perpetrators may belong to, they should get the strictest of punishment, the sena chief said.
;;0.0;;during the interaction, the cm asked to put every project and the bill under the microscope.
;;0.0;;this exercise of constructing toilets spanned 34 districts, 351 talukas, 21,000 gram panchayats and 40,500 villages, fadnavis told reporters at mumbai.
;;0.5267;;the second part of the swachh maharashtra campaign would focus on encouraging people to use these toilets,fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said 19.
;;0.0;;these toilets were jointly constructed by the centre and the state government at a cost of rs 4500 crore, fadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis said the states only concern on preserving cows and its progeny was to help farmers.
;;0.0258;;if there is a provision, we will take up the matter with the apex court, fadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;minutes after harshavardhan patil joined bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the party was trying to rope him in for last five years.
;;0.0;;and now that he has joined bjp, we will field him from indapur seat, the cm said.
;;0.0258;;the matter is being looked into, fadnavis said at jalgaon.
;;0.5267;;district guardian minister girish bapat district guardian minister girish bapattwo months after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced the construction of a separate police commissionerate for pimpri-chinchwad, the search for an ideal location seems to be over.
;;0.5267;;while maintaining that the government was committed to infuse higher capital in agriculture and irrigation sectors to double agriculture produce and increase incomes of farmers, fadnavis said, the mmsky will especially focus on drought-prone, backward districts and naxal belts for which higher funds and infrastructure would be provided.
;;0.5859;;claiming that the state has decided to provide assured and protected agriculture practices in the wake of uncertainties and ordeals of farmers, the cm said: almost 55 per cent of the population in state depends on agriculture for livelihood.
;;0.0;;the two major localities, mira road and bhayandar, will get metro connectivity, fadnavis said in the assembly today.
;;0.0;;the current route of metro-2 is from colaba to seepz and it will be extended upto the airport, covering d n nagar, dahisar and andheri areas, the cm said.
;;0.0;;the work would be completed in 2020, fadnavis said.
;;0.1779;;the entire metro network in the mumbai region will cover a distance of 172 km, and the state plans to extend it up to 200 km later, fadnavis said.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis announced this while reviewing the progress of various schemes.
;;0.6369;;fadnavis said, our main focus is on food processing and branding so that farmers and the team involved in making the final product get the best prices.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis on friday also said there was no such proposal to open historical forts for commercial activities.
;;0.4767;;advertisingat the shakti sanman mahotsav held in mumbai on tuesday, fadnavis said, i had already earned the nomenclature of deven(dra) bhau (brother) from my friends and associates.
;;0.296;;the state has zero tolerance towards atrocities against women, said the cm.
;;0.0;;on january 9, two days before the code of conduct was announced, fadnavis, in a series of tweets, announced mumbai wifi.
;;0.5106;;speaking at the event, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that 11 of maharashtras 36 districts had been declared free of open defecation since the swachh bharat campaign kicked off.
;;0.0;;even though maharashtra is home to 10 percent of indias population, maharashtras gram panchayats make up for 18 per cent of the total open-defecation-free panchayats in the country, said fadnavis.
;;0.5106;;as many as 200 out of 250 cities in maharashtra have been declared open defecation free, the cm said.
;;0.4404;;i hope the toilets built recently are utilised by all members of the family, and are duly maintained, said fadnavis.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis announced in the legislative assembly thursday that another mou for development of the countrys first state-run bone marrow registry in maharashtra was also executed with the tata trusts.
;;0.0;;the cm said the target was to have 50,000 bone marrow donors in the next three years.
;;0.0;;later, fadnavis said paricharaks comments were condemnable.
;;0.7269;;speaking to mediapersons after the results were declared, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, i express gratitude to the people of palghar for reposing their faith in the development work of the government.
;;0.0;;the cm even said in a public meeting that bypolls are held when somebody dies.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , at internal departmental meetings where the documents were discussed, said, maharashtra should emerge as the leading state in taking forward micro irrigation.
;;0.128;;when contacted, fadnavis said, the ud secretary will take the hearing and do whatever is legal.
;;0.836;;responding to the centres consent, the cm said, the decision would boost the states efforts of slum rehabilitation and affordable housing projects with policy support, and facilitate flow of institutional credit and funds from domestic and global financial agencies.
;;-0.5719;;questioning senas criticism of bjp when it sought transparency in the bmc controlled by the thackeray-led party, fadnavis asked, did i say something wrong?
;;0.0;;on the contrary, the bjp government during its two years in power has made the city equipped with cctv cameras, wi-fi connections and large amount work on the metro has been done, fadnavis claimed.
;;0.85;;referring to senas poster campaigns, fadnavis said the party may say they have done it, but the real satisfaction will be in people saying yes you have done it.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis said his government initiated the bdd chawl redevelopment project, where people have been promised much bigger houses than that they are living in now.
;;0.0;;while announcing 100 towns open defecation-free, fadnavis said the project had been taken up on a war-footing in both urban and rural maharashtra.
;;-0.3818;;saying that it would be made mandatory for every municipal council to install a sewage treatment plant to prevent pollution of water bodies, the cm said, today, 90 per cent of our rivers are polluted because of untreated sewage.
;;0.7003;;meanwhile, speaking to a news channel, fadnavis said, mundhe is good officer and is doing good work.
;;0.1027;;watch | nitin gadkari congratulates maharashtra cm, kirit somaiya says mumbai chose developmentthe candidates include kamla raj purohit who lost in ward 4 in magathane only by 17 votes to sena candidate sujatha patekar who secured a total of 11,078 votes.
;;0.0;;making a statement in the legislative assembly, fadnavis said, enough is enough.
;;-0.8442;;fadnavis said he failed to understand the insensitive attitude of doctors of leaving patients to die.
;;0.0258;;fadnavis said among their demands that have been accepted, include security audit of hospitals and access control to opd, casualty and other wards.
;;0.8402;;the cm also said the bjp would not take up any post in the countrys richest municipality and would give issue-based support over policies that it believes are good for the city.
;;0.0;;the cm said he would act as a sentinel on the functioning of the bmc.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had said at a function in nagpur: it makes me wonder where are we heading?
;;0.0;;this government gave clearances to the project in six months, fadnavis had said.
;;-0.6997;;the thought of 55 per cent households living in rural maharashtra with no access to toilets was very disturbing, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;i would describe it as the first phase of work where we have ensured toilet access to every household, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that his governments maiden budget was not driven by populist politics but economics to fast track the mission of make in maharashtra.
;;0.0772;;while conceding the budget making was a tight rope walk for sudhir mungatiwar, fadnavis said, given the legacy of financial constraints and challenges ahead we have catered to all sectors namely women, minorities,farmers, scheduled castes and tribes.
;;-0.0361;;fadnavis said, the financial burden will increase mid-2015 as debts raised by congress-ncp will mature and we will have to make provisions for not only interest but also part payments.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis who has invited criticism for giving a raw deal to mumbai said, the bmc and mmrda are the nodal agencies which plan and executive projects.
;;0.4588;;the developments come a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver for farmers before october 31, which will benefit 1.
;;0.0;;the modalities are being worked out and i can say with conviction that this will be the biggest loan waiver in maharashtras history, fadnavis had said.
;;-0.5719;;suggesting that the bjp had run a negative campaign, the ncp chief said, the chief minister has solely focussed on targeting uddhav thackeray.
;;0.4588;;continuing to target prime minister narendra modi over demonetisation, the ncp chief claimed it was in the nations interest to build up a campaign against demonetisation.
;;0.3612;;earlier, at a state bjp executive conclave in thane last thursday, the cm had said the bjp was keen on an alliance with the sena.
;;0.0;;speaking to mediapersons last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, my government is not against waiving loans.
;;-0.5423;;alleging that chief minister devendrafadnavis was favouring builders, the sabha said, the cm had announced that accidents at construction sites will be registered only as accidents and no cases will be filed against builders.
;;-0.3182;;in 2016, chief minister devendrafadnavis asked district authorities to submit a report identifying the hamlets that get isolated during monsoons and propose an action plan.
;;0.9274;;counting savarkar among indias bravest freedom fighters, fadnavis said, veer savarkar dedicated his entire life to free the country from the clutches of british rule.
;;-0.0129;;to terrorise the freedom fighters, the british repeatedly attempted to demoralise him but he did not succumb, said fadnavis.
;;-0.4215;;it remains a regret that even after independence, he was not given his due, fadnavis said.
;;0.6908;;his contribution in restoring the glory of the marathi language has also been immense, said fadnavis.
;;0.5574;;projecting savarkar as a freedom fighter who knew no caste or creed, fadnavis announced to a gathering at savarkars birthplace that a glowing tribute to him would be to strive towards an end to caste discrimination.
;;0.0;;cm fadnavis told the indian express, some irregularities were noticed.
;;0.5719;;at kamgar maidan, fadnavis said, today, all 18 leaders and parties who have taken refuge under save constitution are worried about their political future.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state assembly on tuesday that no evidence has been found against bhide.
;;0.0;;the reservation will not come down till this government is in power, the cm told reporters, according to pti.
;;0.0;;asked to comment on reports of non-availability of obc population data, fadnavis said they were incorrect.
;;0.3818;;at the states annual kharif review meeting held on friday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the government would prioritise agriculture, water conservation and finance and was planning to consolidate the agriculture (and allied sector) growth from 12.
;;0.8316;;referring to the sub-committee led by the additional chief secretary of finance that was set up to expand the institutional credit bracket, fadnavis said: we have strengthen the infrastructure to facilitate greater reach by the national banks in rural areas.
;;0.6115;;with good monsoons, fadnavis said, farmers would go for higher investments and therefore, crop patterns would become more important this kharif season.
;;0.4404;;our larger objective is to bring the maximum number of farmers within the institutional credit bracket, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.2023;;fadnavis who attended the meeting said: the constitution of a joint committee is an important milestone.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said in his message: we have lost a great leader and reformer of the cooperative movement.
;;0.0;;by filling up vacancies, the additional manpower will help to tackle these problems, fadnavis said.
;;-0.7351;;the integral aspect of our politics is welfare of individuals with focus on poor and oppressed segments across caste, community and religion, fadnavis said.
;;0.25;;maharashtra is the first state in india to come out with a comprehensive fintech policy 2018, which will change the face of economy, fadnavis said.
;;0.7906;;fadnavis said, when we talk of fintech policies and digital process, we want to provide the best platform that would bring greater accountability and transparency in system and government.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis said that certain activities are attributed to zakir naik as well in the report.
;;0.0;;in consultation with mha, we will decide the further course of action which we need to take, said fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday asked opposition parties to introspect, instead of taking to the streets against the use of electronic voting machines (evm) in elections.
;;-0.128;;advertisingspeaking at buti bori in vidarbhas nagpur district, as part of his statewide mahajanadesh yatra ahead of the assembly polls, the cm said: the opposition should admit that they lost peoples mandate in the lok sabha polls.
;;-0.1027;;the anti-evm cry got louder with mayawati of bsp and west bengal chief minister and trinamool congress president mamata banerjee uniting all anti-bjp parties, the cm said.
;;-0.6705;;describing the opposition as confused and vulnerable, fadnavis said: the issue is not about evms. the real issue is that they had taken the people for granted and failed to deliver.
;;0.0;;the cm again claimed that if the congress-ncp rule of 15 years is compared to bjp-shiv senas five-year tenure, his government has surpassed the previous regime in all aspects.
;;0.0772;;when asked about the delay in awarding the contract, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was not planning to scrap the tender, but we are working with advocate general about the impact of railways 45-acre plot which was recently included in the project.
;;-0.0951;;fadnavis said he had not received any legal notice.
;;-0.0516;;interacting with farmers from different parts of maharashtra, fadnavis said, it is an irony that konkan receives the highest rainfall in maharashtra, yet its rivers run dry during summers with the overflowing water draining into the arabian sea.
;;-0.4019;;responding to the water problems raised by farmer santosh dinkar, fadnavis said, we have taken up the five-river revival project.
;;0.0;;to surendra bulbules question on river linking, fadnavis said, the states priority is to complete ongoing irrigation projects requiring rs 80,000 crore and water conservation projects to immediately tackle drought and double the income of farmers.
;;0.8402;;fadnavis, replying to farmer yashwant poples query on micro-irrigation and its impact in agriculture, said adopting israels fertigation technique to improve the nutrient amount in soil, the crop yield will increase under the micro-irrigation model as well as with the help of water management techniques.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the financial implications had been worked out.
;;0.3612;;outlining the advantages of solar feeder, fadnavis said, the electricity cost on agriculture pumps operated on solar feeder will be economically cheaper, thus saving the government money.
;;0.6249;;calling it a historic moment, the cm said, the metro 7 has picked up pace and it is great that we have been able to install our first girder so soon.
;;0.4404;;the metro-7 corridor, running along the western express highway, will certainly reduce the number of vehicles and free the road of the terrible congestion motorists face today, the cm said after the launch.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.4019;;(source: file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the plan is aimed at optimising the irrigation potential in every district in marathwada.
;;0.8176;;fadnavis said that along with states financial support, artificial intelligence in agriculture would be specially devised to help small and marginal farm labourers.
;;0.3612;;the state governments impetus on greater investments in the agriculture sector has resulted in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last one year in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.7906;;while speaking on the crop loan waiver in the state legislative assembly, fadnavis said, i held talks with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and explained our governments commitment to a lasting solution and not just a one-time loan waiver to make farmers economically prosperous.
;;0.4404;;the farmers deserve better remuneration, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.7003;;while addressing various programmes organised by the royal family in kolhapur, fadnavis said, chhatrapati shahu maharaj displayed rare vision, keeping in mind the planning which was 200 years ahead whether it was in the field of irrigation, agriculture, women education or even problems related to domestic violence.
;;0.0;;fadnavis announced rs 15 crore for the museum.
;;0.0258;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday the maharashtra government will study the uttar pradesh model of farm loan waiver, amid growing demand from across the political spectrum to help the states distressed farmers.
;;0.3182;;we will study how uttar pradesh will raise such a huge amount, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;referring to the high court directive to the tamil nadu government on farm loans issue in the wake of peasants stir, fadnavis said, decision of waiving farm loan is the prerogative of the government.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, we have asked the centre for financial assistance.
;;0.6369;;technology can never replace people-to-people contact between the government and the people and women are best suited to that role, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday.
;;0.0;;also, they have access inside the home, said fadnavis.
;;0.8723;;saying that women were accorded immense significance even in the jana sangha, fadnavis said, we have a great lineage of women leaders whose sacrifice and social commitment cannot be undermined.
;;0.8625;;noting that more women in the party today wish to take the electoral plunge, fadnavis said merit rather than family lineage would be the deciding factor while giving election tickets.
;;-0.128;;i dont think fadnavis will have a problem in announcing sops for farmers to keep his government stable, the ncp chief said.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis said, we expect $5-billion investment and 1 lakh job creation over a period of five years.
;;0.1027;;indicating that objective of the government was to make maharashtra the leading defence investment hub, the cm said, almost 25 per cent of the total ordinance factories of india are already located in maharashtra.
;;0.128;;the cm on sunday said, does that (sloganeering by ncp workers) mean no leader of any other political party should hold rallies in baramati.
;;0.5994;;they are making phone calls to leaders of other parties and asking them to join, the ncp chief said.
;;0.296;;advertisingto this, fadnavis said the bjp was not running behind anyone to join.
;;-0.836;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that zakir naiks statements are poisonous and can spread hatred in the nation.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has said that the state government would press for extradition of naik if he does not return on his own from abroad.
;;0.0;;if needed, we will provide rs 15 crore to latur municipal corporation for additional tankers, fadnavis said.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis said the state government is working out the modalities of providing additional monetary benefits for students.
;;-0.2263;;fadnavis said that he has directed officials to chalk out a plan that would permanently solve water problems of latur.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the government would set up fast track courts for trial of these cases.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the government would set up fast track courts for trial of these cases.
;;-0.9741;;expressing anguish over an attack that led to a traffic cops death and an attack to drown a policeman, fadnavis said, attacks on police personnel is an attack on the entire force.
;;0.7003;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said instructions had been issued to the prisons department to ensure proper medical care is extended to bhujbal.
;;-0.34;;this is not the way to behave, fadnavis said of the incident that led to tense situation for a while in baramati during his roadshow.
;;0.4019;;the cm had said that the mass exodus in ncp was due to wrongdoing by its party leadership.
;;0.0;;the ncp chief said the graph of the bjp is coming down and the countrys mood is indicated by the recent bypoll results, including that of the bhandara-gondia lok sabha seat.
;;0.4019;;the ncp chief said the process of bringing like-minded people together for contesting the election has been completed and party workers should implement it on the ground as a change in rule is required both in central and state government.
;;-0.802;;the ncp chief said the government recently arrested the organisers of elgar parishad and raised allegations about their connections with the naxals and inciting violence in koregaon bhima.
;;0.7906;;watch | nitin gadkari congratulates maharashtra cm, kirit somaiya says mumbai chose developmentin maharashtra, where local body poll results were declared on thursday, the saffron party has gained a majority or emerged as the largest outfit in eight out of 10 municipal bodies, he said, adding that it has trebled its tally in the bmc where it fell short of the shiv sena, the largest party, by a few seats.
;;0.4019;;early detection will go a long way to help this disability, amruta fadnavis said.
;;-0.4141;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)asserting that he was not against a loan waiver for farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday said it wasnt a lasting solution for their problems and that the state government had made investments worth rs 30,500 crore to make farmers self-reliant in the state.
;;0.3818;;while assuring the house that he would visit delhi to hold discussions with union finance minister arun jaitley and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh to seek more financial assistance for farmers, fadnavis said, the congress and ncps protest on loan waiver is pure politics and not really intended to serve the larger interests of the farmers.
;;-0.4019;;while pledging to bring down cases of farmers suicides in the state to zero, fadnavis said, crop loan is just one aspect of any agro problem.
;;-0.4019;;drought had been identified as the foremost problem to be tackled by the state government, fadnavis said.
;;-0.802;;the agrarian crisis in vidarbha and marathwada is an outcome of the wrong policies of the past, and it cannot be left unattended, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, the farm to fashion concept is now a reality.
;;0.296;;the shiv sena and the bjp will equally share seats as part of a pre-poll alliance for the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in nagpur on saturday.
;;0.0;;after setting aside a few seats for smaller allies, the sena and bjp will equally divide the remaining seats, fadnavis told mediapersons during the partys mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.4019;;advertisingwith sena and bjp taking out separate yatras ahead of the elections, fadnavis said: shiv sena and bjp are separate political parties.
;;0.128;;about his singing abilities, fadnavis said he remembers all songs but not in sur and taal.
;;0.2732;;to a question whether hum includes the alliance partner as well, fadnavis said time will decide this.
;;-0.7717;;fadnavis said he was pained by the death of soldiers anand gavai, sanju khandare and vikas samundare, and paid tributes to them.
;;0.5719;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said the bjp will fulfil mahatma gandhis dream of discontinuing with the congress party after independence and usher in a congress mukt maharashtra after the state polls.
;;0.3818;;in the 2019 assembly elections, we will ensure a congress mukt maharashtra, fadnavis said from atop his mini-bus converted rath at wardha, on the second day of his mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, when asked by mediapersons why ally shiv sena is not part of his mass contact programme, fadnavis said, the yatra is not of the government.
;;0.0;;on the issue of seat-sharing with the sena, fadnavis said talks will conclude soon.
;;0.0;;while concluding day 2 of the yatra at saoner in nagpur district, fadnavis said: i am mukhya sevak (chief servant) and not mukhya-mantri (chief minister) in the last five years, while working for you we did not think of ourselves or our families.
;;0.4019;;now, the sena chief says hoy me boss ahe (yes, i am the boss) after realising that party cadres have begun to distance themselves, the bjp leader said.
;;0.4019;;promising financial investments in the agriculture sector to double the income of farmers by 2021, the cm said, the enhanced allocations of rs 26,000 crore resulting in generation of rs 40,000-crore income to farmers in the last financial year (2015-16) is a certificate that government reforms in agriculture are heading in the right direction.
;;0.6808;;fadnavis said: today, our reforms have ensured better minimum support price to farmers across maharashtra.
;;0.0;;a day after rbi governor urjit patel described the crop loan waiver as detrimental for long-term economics in the wake of the uttar pradesh governments decision to waive crop loan, the cm said, there are two angles to crop loan waiver.
;;0.4588;;stating that the prevailing conditions in uttar pradesh and maharashtra are different, fadnavis said, out of the total capital budget of rs 31,000 crore, rs 19,000 crore has been dedicated to agriculture and its allied sectors.
;;-0.2023;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (file photo)the shiv sena on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to apologise to farmers in the state, claiming he had deceived them with fake promises of loan waiver during the 2014 assembly polls.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , inaugurating the book village on thursday, said that the state now aims to get unescos book capital of the country or state title for the village.
;;0.0;;the cm, however, asked authorities to reduce the cost of the project.
;;0.5574;;indians first smart industrial city with the concept of walk to work is expected to bring investments worth rs 70,000 crore and jobs to three lakh people, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6808;;expressing satisfaction over the pace of work in the two phases of dmic, fadnavis said, the government is engaged in discussions with 150 investors and vendors from japan and south korea.
;;0.2023;;(express archive)skill development training can promote economically self-reliant entrepreneurs and beat unemployment through job creation in diverse sectors, including agriculture and industries, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday interacting with iti students.
;;0.4404;;skill development training transformed into human resources will play a significant role in ending unemployment and lead to growth in diverse sectors, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;at the launch of the new facility of virtual and digital classrooms, fadnavis said, the upgraded technology for knowledge-sharing would be extended to all itis across the state.
;;-0.1877;;maharashtra has taken the lead in mudra yojna where loans upto rs 10 lakh can be availed of without any guarantee, fadnavis said.
;;0.6486;;the innovative schemes in skill development, along with the eco-system, is a concerted attempt to play the role of facilitator and catalyst, said fadnavis.
;;0.765;;i appeal to my young friends to realise the potential and power of skill development and jobs will knock at your doors, fadnavis said, voicing optimism.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said, the government is committed to providing home to every adivasi family.
;;0.5574;;while announcing the decision to set up a gondwana research centre to preserve the rich cultural heritage of the tribals, fadnavis said, an integrated development work for tribal belt spread across 13 districts of maharashtra is underway.
;;-0.6486;;intervening, chief minister devendrafadnavis said it would be unfair to stop the oath-taking ceremony following which sena members started sloganeering.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, however, the decision was communicated to the officials just an hour before the meeting.
;;-0.4404;;after the recent building collapse in dongri that claimed 13 lives, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced redevelopment of 14,207 cessed buildings under the maharashtra housing and area development authority.
;;-0.6808;;responding to the development, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the ground had slipped from beneath senas feet, adding that there was no danger to his government.
;;0.8625;;in his independence day speech at lal parade ground in bhopal, the cm said an atmosphere of confidence is being created to attract investment, and in seven months the state has attracted investment of rs 6,158 crore.
;;0.5719;;maharashtrathe government will strive to ensure that rehabilitation of flood-affected people is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, adding that efforts will be made to make the state drought-free by diverting rain water from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
;;0.0;;following this, chief minister devendrafadnavis had asked the dgps office to probe the allegations made by mujawar.
;;0.0;;referring to the maharashtra cabinet expansion, which according to chief minister devendrafadnavis would happen before he leaves for his russia tour early next week, the sena chief said, i and the cm have only had superficial discussions.
;;-0.5423;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said: the government was committed to bring a legislation to make non-enforcement of msp a criminal offence.
;;-0.4939;;the state farmers commission chief, kishore tiwari, said: m s swaminathan commissions recommendation of msp is always an issue that makes good politics but poor economics.
;;0.5996;;alluding to possible retaliation by pakistan, fadnavis said that mumbai is always on high alert and citizens need not panic.
;;0.0;;but it never gives shelter to anybody, the cm said in marathi.
;;-0.1779;;the department secretary cleared his doubt, stating that the hike wont apply in such cases, following which the proposal was cleared unanimously, fadnavis said.
;;0.5647;;(file photo)as farmers in some parts of maharashtra on thursday went on a strike, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was trying to resolve the issue through talks but the opposition congress and ncp were instigating them for political gains.
;;0.5574;;the government is positive about some of their demands and we have even started taking action on some points, fadnavis told reporters in mumbai.
;;0.0;;this is being done by political leaders, the cm said, referring to ncp-congress sangharsh yatra for loan waiver last month.
;;0.0;;during the 15-year rule of congress-ncp, farmers got the direct financial assistance of about rs 4,500 crore, while his government has disbursed rs 12,000 crore in aid, fadnavis claimed.
;;0.6597;;as many as 13 district co-operative banks (dcbs) were facing a liquidity crunch, fadnavis said, appealing to the commercial banks to treat these banks as their agents and provide them with funds so that dcbs can help farmers.
;;-0.4588;;after a series of protests in maharashtra last year over the low procurement price of milk, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced a subsidy of rs 5 per litre for dairy farmers.
;;0.0;;in an apparent jibe at the shiv sena and the corruption in the bmc, fadnavis said: chhatrapati shivaji said that the welfare of the masses should never be compromised.
;;0.5994;;using a reference from the ramayana to enthuse his cadre, fadnavis said, hanuman had to reminded that even as a child, he had had the ability to swallow the sun.
;;0.5417;;acknowledging that the initiative to break the pre-poll alliance came from the thane bjp unit, fadnavis said,  i never questioned their decision as they were confident about snapping ties.
;;0.3182;;evoking respected sena leader anand dighe, fadnavis said, the present party is no longer anand dighes sena, which fought for public welfare.
;;0.2235;;now, taking in vibhishana did not undermine hanuman, fadnavis said.
;;0.3612;;i thank the house for this, fadnavis said.
;;-0.7258;;(file)the government will not hesitate to take action against those found guilty in koregaon-bhima violence, said chief minister devendrafadnavis during the meeting with bharip bahujan mahasangh president prakash ambedkar.
;;-0.2732;;responding to ambedkars demands, fadnavis said they would look into all the charges within eight days.
;;0.0;;a senior leader, who was present during the meeting said, fadnavis told ambedkar that the police are probing into the incident.
;;0.0;;during a roadshow in ncp chief sharad pawars home turf on saturday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that baramati was all set for parivartan.
;;0.4404;;today after seeing the people participating in mahajanadesh yatra, some people are surely going to have sleepless nights, fadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;advertisingpointing out the exodus of senior leaders from the ncp, fadnavis said, the current condition of the ncp is due to the wrongdoing of the party leadership.
;;0.743;;apart from these, the wb agreed to provide greater support for rural solar grid and drought mitigation, fadnavis said.
;;-0.6997;;the thought of 55 per cent households living in rural areas with no access to toilets was very disturbing, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said while maintaining that all resources and manpower were pooled to build the toilets.
;;0.0;;watch video | nitin gadkari congratulates maharashtra cm, kirit somaiya says mumbai chose developmentsimilar is the story in nashik where raj thackeray-led mns was ruling for last five years.
;;-0.3182;;speaking in the assembly on thursday, fadnavis had said the state government decided to implement strict road safety-related rules to reduce the casualties in road accidents.
;;-0.296;;our intention was positive as the percentage of two-wheeler riders who dont wear helmets and meet with fatal accidents is high, fadnavis had said.
;;-0.4019;;speaking to reporters in mumbai, fadnavis said, if someone else is trying to agitate in the name of farmers, the government will not talk to these people.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, the act was required in the backdrop of prevailing atrocities inflicted on people in the name of tradition, caste and community which cannot be allowed in maharashtra.
;;-0.7944;;while asserting that existing laws were not adequate to tackle social boycott, fadnavis said, the comprehensive new legislation defining terms of stringent punishment, including imprisonment and penalty against those indulging in social boycott, would help us to effectively tackle the menace.
;;0.6705;;in the press conference, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the two parties would contest an equal number of seats and leave the remaining for other parties in the alliance.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis said the mumbai metropolitan region development authority has already started clearing the area.
;;0.0;;during the winter session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis then announced an additional compensation of rs 25,000 for each family.
;;0.3182;;the core committee meeting discussed the roadmap to strengthen the organisation and administration for which some changes are necessary, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis said maharashtra was geared up for the assembly polls and the centre was being apprised of all necessary decisions and administrative challenges.
;;-0.5106;;on this, fadnavis said no tree was cut for his roadshow.
;;-0.3182;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said, the loss of lives of children due to malnourishment has to be dealt with firmly.
;;0.7964;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said that a no-objection letter from the state environment department was obtained before granting an in-principle approval for surveying and giving a cadastral survey number to the foreshore portion on nepeansea road.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, meanwhile, said that the developability of the land parcel will be subject to crz laws and mumbais development control regulations.
;;0.0;;this expansion will change the face of western vidarbha, as it will facilitate industrial development, fadnavis said, adding that night landing can take place at the airport after expansion.
;;0.2732;;advertisinghailing udan scheme of the central government, the cm said it has increased the speed of air service development by 30 per cent.
;;0.0;;climate change makes it necessary to look beyond traditional methods of water conservation to tackle the drought, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;almost 100 tmc water from wainganga would be channelised to tackle the drought in vidarbha, fadnavis said.
;;0.5719;;it further said that after the congress won the rajasthan by-poll, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the congress should only contest the bypolls.
;;0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also handles the home portfolio, has said efforts have been made to bring people from different communities together and restore peace.
;;0.6908;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also handles the home portfolio, said that the situation is under control and efforts have been undertaken to bring people from different communities together and restore peace.
;;0.3612;;additional forces were moved in from neighbouring towns like jalna and more forces were deployed since morning, fadnavis told reporters in pune on saturday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the schemes are oriented to make farmers self-reliant and double their income.
;;0.6597;;the bharatiya janata party will never compromise its ideology and seek support from the congress to come to power in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday told the legislative council during question hour, the government is working through various schemes and organisations to curb juvenile crimes.
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis said, data analysis shows that 73 per cent of the total juvenile offenders are in the age group of 16 to 18 years.
;;0.5106;;fadnavis said a pragmatic approach to ensure financial feasibility and provide better living standards to slum dwellers in dharavi is the highest priority, glitches which have delayed the project have been identified.
;;-0.1779;;the ncp chief said that if the citizens want to keep persons with criminal background away from gaining power, then that party needs to be defeated.
;;0.5984;;describing the meeting as very positive, the cm said, we had a fruitful discussion based on scientific and integrated approach towards development.
;;0.0;;things should be equal between us, the sena chief said.
;;0.0;;such decisions are to be announced at an appropriate time, fadnavis said in his 16-minute speech addressing sena workers.
;;0.0;;my first gurudakshina was to the saffron flag, fadnavis said.
;;0.4939;;people are reeling in hardships and our foremost task should be to reach out relief measures to them, fadnavis said after his second visit to flood-hit kolhapur and sangli districts.
;;0.4215;;addressing the media after touring sangli on saturday, fadnavis said, till now, 3,78,000 people have been relocated from flood-affected areas to safer destinations.
;;0.4019;;all agencies are working together and there is full support from the central government, fadnavis said.
;;0.4404;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that pandharpur will be transformed to provide better basic amenities for convenience of 12 lakh warkaris or pilgrims who visit the temple town annually.
;;0.2732;;advertisinglaunching his mass outreach programme on august 1, fadnavis had claimed that in the first five years, his government had done more than double the work carried out by the congress-ncp regime, which was in power for 15 years.
;;0.0;;the cm has said he was willing to debate his claim.
;;0.5106;;a visibly ecstatic fadnavis said the partys core committee will decide the future course of action in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
;;0.4019;;this is a vote for transparency, fadnavis told the press conference, adding all decisions for the party are taken by its core committee.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis said the bmc results and other municipal corporations has made the bjp more humble and that they would concentrate on good governance.
;;-0.1139;;but during the press conference, fadnavis said he wont accept pankajas resignation.
;;0.5903;;during the enactment of the act, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said a progressive state like maharashtra could not allow social evils in the garb of caste panchayat diktats or rituals.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that there is no confusion in the bjp about fighting the maharashtra state elections with the shiv sena, and expressed confidence that he would be cm again if the alliance won.
;;-0.3818;;read | fadnavis will be cm for second term, says amit shahadvertisingabout the alliance with the sena, fadnavis said, at least what i know, at the top in delhi and maharashtra, there is no confusion.
;;0.0;;the bjps alliance with the sena was not a need-based alliance, the cm said, but one based on common ideology.
;;0.0;;asked if the bjp would sacrifice the chief ministership, fadnavis said, the talk about chief ministers position is talk by unauthorised people.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, told the assembly today that all of them are safe.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsasked about his views on the issue, fadnavis said, during the first phase of voting (for zilla parishad polls) held on february 16, an objectionable content was published in saamana newspaper.
;;-0.3818;;meanwhile, in thane, taking a jibe at shiv sena, fadnavis said, let them (shiv sena leaders) not teach us about emergency.
;;0.0;;fadnavis asked.
;;-0.128;;intervening in the state legislative assembly, which has been witnessing uproarious scenes on demand for farm loan waiver, fadnavis on thursday said the plight of farmers was due to the policies of the previous congress-ncp government, which ruled the state for 15 years.
;;0.0;;we are not against loan waiver but we are deliberating on when and how it should be done, fadnavis said.
;;-0.5267;;since the loan waiver of 2008-09, 16,000 farmers have committed suicide, fadnavis said.
;;0.7783;;after the previous loan waiver, banks did not find the farmers credit worthy for fresh loans, the cm said.
;;-0.5106;;while fadnavis said that the hc had taken the assessment study into account while passing the order, the report has also cautioned that mumbais urban gridlock might worsen after implementation of the model in the suburbs.
;;0.0;;addressing bjp workers after launching a membership drive in mumbai, fadnavis said, kashmir has always and will remain an integral part of india.
;;-0.0258;;advertisingrecalling dr shyama prasad mookerjee, who had defied the permit system to enter kashmir, fadnavis said, dr mookerjee displayed courage and nationalism when he lead the andolan (agitation) to visit kashmir without the permit which was then mandatory later he died under mysterious circumstances.
;;0.0;;the cm said that mookerjee wanted one constitution for the entire nation.
;;0.0;;it was his clarion call, ek desh mein do vidhan, do pradhan nahi chalenge (in a nation we cannot have two constitutions and two prime ministers), fadnavis said.
;;0.6808;;fadnavis, who is touring abroad to attract investors, said, maharashtra has set the ambitious goal of trillion-dollar economy by year 2025.
;;0.0;;emphasising on highest ever investments in infrastructure sector, the cm said, the rs 5.
;;0.1779;;i can see the face of people and make out how they have betrayed the hope and faith of mumbaikars, fadnavis said.
;;0.2144;;however, the statements made by other political leaders about the next chief minister (of maharashtra) to be of their party is nothing but a strategy for the forthcoming elections, state bjp chief said.
;;-0.5584;;despite recurring droughts and a severe water crisis in marathwada and vidarbha, maharashtra remained a most favoured destination for investors, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday while launching mission drinking water.
;;0.0258;;maintaining that the state government was working 247 to tackle hardships of villagers, fadnavis said, the centre and the state are working together to reach out to drought-stricken districts of marathwada.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state assembly that the government will urge the centre to consider its proposal.
;;0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on thursday said that he had requested his karnataka counterpart to discharge 5 lakh cusecs, a demand which has been accepted.
;;0.3612;;the rescue and relief operations are going on war footing, fadnavis told mediapersons.
;;0.396;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the bjp would neither field its nominee in the mayoral poll, nor would it demand chairmanship of standing committee or improvements committee in the civic body, paving the way for sena to install its nominee as the mayor.
;;-0.1027;;while outlining the entire process from its conception to permissions sought from multiple departments such as the ministry of environment and ministry of urban development, fadnavis said, we are trying hard to expedite the project.
;;0.0;;when the delegation made suggestions, the cm said they could also associate with the government and present agriculture model.
;;0.0516;;watch video: whats making newson the occasion, fadnavis said, though these families have lost their sons, events like this show the entire nation is standing with them.
;;-0.3818;;speaking to journalists at his residence later in the day, fadnavis said, the loan waiver, which will come into force by october 31, 2017, will be restricted to small and marginal farmers with land holdings of five acres.
;;-0.4767;;but hours after fadnavis announced the write-off  at the end of a marathon meeting between 11 pm on friday and 4 am on saturday with representatives of the kisan kranti, the umbrella organisation which spearheaded the farmers protests  farmer committees in various districts announced that the strike would continue, with farmers from nashik, ahmednagar, western maharashtra and vidarbha joining in.
;;-0.3749;;in his saturday evening meeting with journalists at his residence, fadnavis said the farmers strike was a plot by a section of political parties to dislodge the government we will not allow farmers to become victims of petty politics.
;;0.8176;;with barely three months to go before the election code of conduct kicks in for the state polls, the cm has asked his new ministers to hit the ground to ensure effective implementation of various development and welfare schemes being run by their respective departments.
;;0.0;;with the monsoon session of the state legislature ongoing, fadnavis has also asked his new ministers to be punctual and attentive during the proceedings.
;;0.0;;the surplus water flowing to telangana from wainganga river will be used to address drought in vidarbha, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.4019;;the project will end water problems and enhance the irrigation potential in vidarbha, the cm said while his mahajanadesh yatra was passing through wardha.
;;0.0;;we are focusing on infusing higher capital both in irrigation and agriculture sectors, fadnavis said while adding that the project will provide 100 tmc water to these eight districts.
;;-0.4019;;through the tunnel project, the government also intends to minimise the problems of water leakages and evaporation, the cm said.
;;-0.5267;;on rs 18,000-crore gosikhurd national irrigation project still lying incomplete even after 32 years, fadnavis said: in the last five years, we gave the gosikhurd project the highest priority.
;;0.0;;fadnavis told the ministers that he would set up another three-member committee for zilla parishads.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said both these issues were being looked into by the government.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, the government has already allocated rs 894 crore crop compensation, which is being disbursed.
;;0.0;;advertisingaddressing the mahajanadesh yatra (mega mandate march) in chandrapur district, fadnavis said prime minister modi and union minister of home affairs amit shah must be congratulated for what he said was a historic decision.
;;0.2732;;the long harboured strategy of pakistan to create unrest and divide in kashmir has been buried for ever, the cm said.
;;0.3182;;with the maharashtra government set to expand the scope of its farm loan waiver scheme ahead of the state polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis told that the legislative assembly thursday that this could cost the state exchequer an additional rs 8,000 crore.
;;0.8074;;while fadnavis said that 50 lakh farmers had availed the benefit of the scheme so far, he also announced a fresh plan to include all those marginal farmers, who were found ineligible for the benefit for technical reasons, under its ambit.
;;0.0;;on thursday, fadnavis said, at least 24,000 crore has been spent under the scheme.
;;0.6369;;vouching for water and soil conservation works carried out under the governments flagship jalyukt shivar initiative, fadnavis said the states dependence on rain-fed irrigation had decreased due to increase of assured irrigation owing to the implementation of the project.
;;0.0;;earlier, after reviewing the drought situation, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, the government has set up 12,064 cattle camps and deployed 4,774 water tankers in 12,116 villages.
;;0.5859;;i am sure ambis will be like google for our forces in future, said fadnavis at the launch.
;;0.2516;;emphasising the urgent need to reduce vehicular population on city roads by strengthening the eco-friendly public transport system, chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday that if the number of vehicles continued to grow unabated, pune, the educational and cultural capital of india, will soon get a new identity  most polluted city of the country.
;;0.7003;;advertisingreached for comment, fadnavis said, the government has only given in-principle approval to survey the foreshore land and to give cadastral survey number to the land parcel determined as a result of the survey.
;;0.0;;congress mla amin patel wanted to know if kumar is a member of the society,to which cm said that he would table the details regarding membership.
;;0.3818;;bjp mla devendrafadnavis said there is clear mention under mrtp about provision for action against the owner and occupier.
;;0.4767;;to this effect, the state government needed to take a re-look at drought relief measures and expedite projects, fadnavis said in his letter.
;;0.0;;the cm said, the centre has allocated rs 4,714 crore drought-relief funds to maharashtra, adding that the government was in need of convening a cabinet meeting to review and monitor the situation.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis also said the election commission should consider granting permission for all the projects and allow ministers to tour drought-hit talukas.
;;0.7579;;like maharashtra, every other state can benefit from such demographic advantage, fadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;similarly, 29,000 villages across the state are connected with fibre optics to transform the conventional gram panchayats into smart gram panchayats, fadnavis said.
;;0.7226;;fadnavis, who was accompanied by minister of state for home affairs ram shinde, said he had promised the family that the government wouldnt leave any stone unturned to bring the culprit to justice.
;;0.7964;;but after the initial rains, farmers have got ready with their kharif sowing expecting continuous good rains, fadnavis said.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis said the government has made sufficient fertilisers and seeds available for the kharif season and has also stayed the decision regarding seed price hike by mahabeej to provide relief to lakhs of farmers.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis said that for the current kharif season, the demand for seeds is 14.
;;0.6249;;fadnavis said, the leaders, in whose areas, the party fares badly will be relieved of their ministerial obligations so that they can concentrate on their district more and can serve people better.
;;0.0;;i have personally held 62 rallies, while bjps state unit chief raosaheb danve has held 50, pankaja munde organised some 40 rallies, while chandrakant patil and sudhir mungantiwar held 30 rallies each across the state, fadnavis said.
;;0.2732;;commenting on the kind of language being used by shiv sena and bjp against each other, fadnavis said, i maintained certain decency during the whole campaign.
;;0.4939;;alleging that the decision was also conveyed to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who accepted the same, the sudden development of the wanga family joining sena had come as a big surprise to bjp, the cm said.
;;0.0;;he had also conveyed that sena would not field any candidate, fadnavis said.
;;0.6808;;while exuding hope that wangas immense service to the party organisation and tribal belt will not go unaddressed, the cm said: we still feel the family is a part of bjp and would take the right decision.
;;0.0;;dismissing the charge, fadnavis said: most of our leaders, including myself, had been to their house and were communicating with them.
;;-0.4019;;fadnavis said, procurement of farmers produce below the minimum support price should be treated as a serious offence and punishable.
;;0.6597;;the objective of the smart city (project) is to enhance quality of life of the citizens, fadnavis said here at the valedictory function of smart and sustainable city summit.
;;0.6486;;now, we are mooting a proposal that will allow to hold both the builder as well as the architect responsible in cases where flats are handed over without ocs, fadnavis said in the legislative council.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday asked district officials in drought-hit parbhani district in the marathwada region to set up cattle camps and deploy more water tankers.
;;-0.1531;;advertisingissuing a stern warning to the district administration, fadnavis asked the officials not to cite the code of conduct for the lapses in reaching drought-relief measures to people.
;;0.6369;;the state government wants to see the city develop into one of the best in the 21st century and wants to give more to it, fadnavis said and urged the citizens to take it out of the jaws of corruption and dalals.
;;0.1779;;addressing another election rally at diva, fadnavis announced that the mmrda would adopt diva for its development.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , even before he met a delegation of the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha (aiks) that led an estimated 40,000 farmers on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai, told the vidhan sabha that the state government was sensitive and positive to the demands of the farmers, many of them tribals.
;;0.0;;it will be strictly implemented within six months, fadnavis said.
;;0.6369;;ive asked them not to show any mercy, regardless of which political party such people belong to, fadnavis had said then.
;;-0.25;;addressing the media, fadnavis said bhosale had resigned barely four months after he was elected.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis has said he is confident to steer the skill development sector to attainable target by 2019.
;;-0.3612;;on july 9, fadnavis said the entire debt of around 36 lakh farmers will be written-off under the scheme.
;;0.0;;fadnavis earlier said that there are 1.
;;0.2732;;the government is committed to provide drinking water to the people in any case, fadnavis said after the inauguration of krishi vikas exhibition here.
;;0.0;;fadnavis told reporters in mumbai.
;;0.7096;;at the end of the meeting, fadnavis said, jaitleyji has assured me he will positively consider all the demands.
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis said, there are 31 lakh farmers in maharashtra who cannot avail crop loans due to debt.
;;0.0;;fadnavis told jaitely that the state government has made higher allocations in the agriculture infrastructure in the last two-and-a-half years.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, it is an extremely sad day pandurang phundkar was our most respected leader and cabinet colleague.
;;0.2263;;gst will ensure a single tax,, said fadnavis (express file photo)amid a nationwide outrage over rising fuel prices, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday pitched for bringing petrol and diesel under the purview of gst, saying it would ensure reduction of rates.
;;0.0;;talks are going on with finance ministers of all states, fadnavis said, adding, once petrol and diesel are brought under the ambit of gst, its threshold will change, because right now, taxes upon taxes are levied which increases rates.
;;0.6369;;meanwhile, praising prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis said the centre has stood behind his state government like himalayas and all stalled projects were given clearance under modis rule.
;;0.0;;claiming that maharashtra had progressed industrially, chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the state has been able to get maximum investments in industrial sector and generated maximum employment in the country during his five-year tenure.
;;0.0;;the cm also said the state managed to get maximum investments and fdi in the country.
;;0.0258;;fadnavis, who has drawn criticism for putting up large number of hoardings across the city for the mahajanadesh yatra, said he was completely against the way local party leaders have put up flex boards and hoardings in the city.
;;0.4019;;i have conveyed my displeasure to local party leaders and directed them not to repeat it again, fadnavis said.
;;0.4767;;to be clear, no one is going to get party ticket on the basis of hoarding boards to show their presence, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;all cities belong to the state, the cm said.
;;0.8555;;it is not that all the problems of residents have been resolved, but there is a confidence in the public that the bjp is the party that was able to work towards easing their problems, fadnavis said, adding, it was being reflected in the huge public response to the roadshow across the state.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the extension will help farmers to avail loan waiver till may 20.
;;0.2732;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , commenting on the maratha morcha, had said, the government is committed to maratha reservation in education and employment.
;;0.0;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver  the biggest such write-off in the states history.
;;0.7269;;advertisingaddressing a rally in nashik, fadnavis said: i express my deep gratitude to the pm for reposing his faith in me to lead the state in 2014.
;;0.7269;;read | maharashtras turn to make use of fadnavis leadership qualities, says pmadvertisingmaintaining that the support he has received from the people during his mahajanadesh yatra was very humbling, fadnavis said, two projects still remain to be accomplished related to making every village water reliant.
;;0.0;;taking a dig at the opposition, the cm said: during the yatra, i presented the audit of the work that the governments has done in five years.
;;-0.1531;;along the yatra route, people have donated rs 350 crore for those affected by drought and flood, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;advertisingcommenting on the governments emphasis on women plank in the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis said,  women empowerment is central to the development of any civilised society.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis said, the primary objective of the government in promoting the project is transformation of 14 drought districts into economic prosperity.
;;0.0;;almost two years after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced rs 34,000-crore farm loan waiver, district central cooperative banks (dccbs) seem to have benefited more than the nationalised banks under the scheme.
;;-0.8271;;fadnavis, who himself is grappled with a simmering farmers protest in his state for quite some time now, said there could be no justification for such killings.
;;-0.1779;;and due to those droughts, yes, there is a distress amongst farmers, fadnavis said.
;;-0.6124;;noting that during a small span of vijayans rule, 17 political murders took place in kerala, fadnavis said such incidents have never happened in indian democracy.
;;0.0772;;we want to study how up has brought about the waiver, fadnavis said in the state legislature.
;;0.4404;;however, the cm has said that if the state were to favour these 31.
;;0.0;;we cannot rule out the possibility that gutter water is being used to cultivate these crops, fadnavis said in a written reply to a question raised in the upper house.
;;0.7783;;we have given directions to the railways that they should ensure the usage of clean water for cultivation before they grant permissions for such cultivation, fadnavis said.
;;0.7579;;fadnavis, who also administered an oath to participating nss volunteers for ensuring a green wari this year, said the pilgrimage has a tradition of more than 700 years and it should be a matter of privilege for students to be able to contribute towards making the journey of warkaris easier and more fulfilling.
;;0.0;;contacted by the indian express, fadnavis had said he was not aware of the objections.
;;0.0;;however, till date, we have not received any official proposal from them and when it comes, we will think over it, the maharashtra bjp chief said.
;;0.128;;the state bjp chief also said his party has kept all their options open and there is no deadline from bjp.
;;0.0;;earlier, at a function, fadnavis in presence of prime minister narendra modi in nagpur had said, the state government intends to attain housing for all in both urban and rural areas by year 2021.
;;0.0;;modalities of the loan waiver, announced first after a marathon meeting which ended in the wee hours of june 3, are being worked out, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;modalities of the loan waiver, announced first after a marathon meeting which ended in the wee hours of june 3, are being worked out, fadnavis said.
;;-0.34;;asserting that a majority of the agri markets were open yesterday, fadnavis said it was workers of political parties and not farmers who indulged in violence and road blockades.
;;0.0;;the modalities are being worked out and i can say with conviction that this will be the biggest loan waiver in maharashtras history, fadnavis told reporters after a meeting on urban development with union minister venkaiah naidu here.
;;-0.25;;fadnavis said 300 of the states 307 agricultural produce market committees (apmcs) were operational yesterday, four had weekly-off, while three were shut due to the ongoing agitation.
;;0.0;;modalities of the loan waiver, announced first after a marathon meeting which ended in the wee hours of june 3, are being worked out, fadnavis said, and invited suggestions from all stakeholders.
;;0.0;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that in order to set up electric vehicle charging stations across the state, the government would frame a policy.
;;0.0;;the state government will frame a policy to set up electric vehicle charging stations for electric vehicles across the state, the cm said.
;;-0.7269;;(file photo)hitting out at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over comparing metropolis mumbai with patna, city congress president sanjay nirupam on thursday said that bjp had an inherent hatred for people from uttar pradesh as well as bihar and targets them to conceal its alleged failures.
;;0.7469;;but their recollections are also of hope  when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that his government would attempt to resolve bottlenecks in implementation of the forest rights act, 2006, within six months, the grime and exertion seemed worth it.
;;0.1531;;referring to thackerays charges, fadnavis said, yes, i am not a tiger.
;;-0.2263;;b'while noting that shortlisting of insurance companies were delayed due to applications received at an eleventh hour, fadnavis said, this has led to farmers queuing up outside offices in every district.
;;-0.2263;;(source: file) while noting that shortlisting of insurance companies were delayed due to applications received at an eleventh hour, fadnavis said, this has led to farmers queuing up outside offices in every district.
;;0.0;;we have noted that with august 2 as the deadline, all farmers will not be able to avail of the insurance scheme, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.2263;;while noting that shortlisting of insurance companies were delayed due to applications received at an eleventh hour, fadnavis said, this has led to farmers queuing up outside offices in every district.
;;-0.1779;;people will teach the congress-ncp the lesson of their lives in the upcoming assembly elections, said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who was referring to the two parties arrogance despite facing a rout in the lok sabha elections.
;;-0.2732;;advertisingon the sixth day of his mahajanadesh yatra from yavatmal to akola on tuesday, fadnavis said this was an utter disregard for the public mandate, describing the congress-ncp as power-drunk.
;;0.0;;on the opposition uniting against the bjp across the country, fadnavis said, it is veering towards modi versus the rest.
;;0.0258;;we dwelt at length on public welfare schemes which have to reach the last man, last mile, fadnavis said.
;;-0.1779;;after finance minister sudhir muntangiwar presented the budget, chief minister devendrafadnavis told mediapersons, the budget reiterates governments commitment to accord highest priority to welfare schemes for upliftment of farmers, poverty alleviation and generating employment for youths.
;;0.0;;a day after the state election commission announced dates for elections to municipal corporations in mumbai and nine other cities, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said a pre-poll alliance with the shiv sena will not be driven by a seat-sharing formula but guided by prime minister narendra modis politics of parivartan (transformation).
;;0.0258;;explaining the reason behind rolling out the process of pre-poll talks, fadnavis said, it is our endeavour to reach out to one and all for a congress-mukt bharat (congress-free india) a reality.
;;0.4215;;use of public transport saves time, fuel and also improves environment, said fadnavis.
;;-0.128;;on march 22, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced in the state assembly that the government had started the process for setting up a separate police commissionerate in pimpri-chinchwad  a demand made over a decade ago.
;;0.802;;taking a step forward towards the development of kalyan-dombivli as a smart city and unveiled the governments plan, chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said, smart cities cannot be a reality unless it is adequately backed by smart planning.
;;-0.3182;;6:00 pm: maharashtra people supported centres note ban, says fadnavis.
;;-0.0762;;5:56 pm: wont accept pankajas resignation, says fadnavis.
;;-0.3182;;express photo by pradip das5:51 pm: we lost 20 seats by close margin, says fadnavis.
;;0.6486;;5:46 pm: bjp has created trust in people, says fadnavis.
;;0.0;;5:42 pm: this is a vote for transparency, says fadnavis.
;;0.296;;we, as a government, are taking help of every technology to take benefits of treatment to poor and in rural areas, even using cloud computing, fadnavis said at the world health day programme organised by public health department here.
;;-0.25;;amid the ongoing agitation of farmers in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state.
;;0.0;;on friday, fadnavis had announced the formation of a six-member high powered committee to look into the various demands of farmers, including loan waiver.
;;-0.0772;;also read: reshuffle: pankaja munde tweets she wont attend wls 2016, fadnavis says she mustwhile we in india are used to twitter arguments between public officials and celebrities, a chief minister and a minister discussing their work schedule on the internet is certainly new.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe statement comes a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the state government wants asias biggest first green oil refinery to come up at nanar in ratnagiri district in the konkan region.
;;0.0;;on tuesday, fadnavis had said that the project needs to be discussed again.
;;0.5994;;speaking at a meeting to review preparations for the kharif season, fadnavis said; efforts to bring maximum farmers within the institutional credit mechanism through fresh crop loans should be taken up on a mission mode.
;;0.0;;at the meeting, fadnavis said he has asked agriculture universities in the state to prepare a earn while you learn stipend scheme for students to carry out field work.
;;0.6808;;mumbai rains: nearly 1,000 passengers rescued from mahalaxmi expressadvertisingat least 1,000 passengers, including nine pregnant women, were rescued from the mahalaxmi express that was stranded near vangani in thane district due to waterlogging on tracks following heavy rains, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.4019;;a special train has been arranged for all the passengers from kalyan to kolhapur, the cm said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said he was not aware about the objections raised.
;;0.4019;;he is facing an inquiry on the issue and will soon come out clean, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the ministers in the previous state government of the congress-ncp alliance should return land grabbed during their tenure and then make allegations against the present government, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;it will change the way the city travels, fadnavis said at the event at versova metro station.
;;0.0;;in the meeting held with the aggrieved unions on tuesday, fadnavis said that a committee of autorickshaw driver representatives and government officials will be constituted within a week to look into the demands.
;;-0.4939;;recently, chief minister devendrafadnavis had told the state assembly that at least 86 hectare of land and 82 lakh farmers in 151 talukas and 20 revenue circles were affected by drought this year, which means at least 60 per cent of farmers have been hit by drought.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said on thursday that floodwater is expected to recede faster in the affected western maharashtra districts with karna-taka agreeing to release more water from the almatti dam.
;;-0.1027;;flood has hit the districts of kolhapur and sangli hard with the city of sangli completely marooned, and over two lakh people living without electricity, fadnavis told media persons.
;;-0.8625;;advertisingexpressing grief over the loss of lives in the boat accident in sangli, the cm said: the boat was carrying over 30 people and it turned turtle when its engine got stuck in a tree branch.
;;0.128;;we are working to ease petrol and diesel shortage, said the cm.
;;0.7506;;restoration of electric supply is also on prime agenda, fadnavis said while adding that ministers chandrakant patil, girish mahajan, mp sambhajiraje chhatrapati and other leaders are assisting in and monitoring rescue and relief measures.
;;0.0;;around 97,000 people had moved out on their own earlier, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;following this, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that bjp was considering to field wangas family members for the bypoll.
;;0.5859;;speaking to mediapersons, fadnavis said on tuesday: come what may, we will win the elections the bjps victory will be a real tribute to chintaman wanga.
;;0.4404;;pti photo)altogether 179 pilgrims from maharashtra are among those stranded at various places after a massive landslide in uttarakhand and all of them are safe, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the assembly on saturday.
;;0.2023;;the other travellers hail from sangli and jalgaon districts, fadnavis said in the lower house on the first day of the three-day special session of the legislature called to ratify the gst bill.
;;0.0;;the railway administration has made arrangements to bring them back to maharashtra, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said we have a permanent system in place.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newswe have to plan development on only 37 per cent of the available total land, whereas 63 per cent of the remaining is out of bound  encompassed by sea, mangroves and other environment-related aspects, said fadnavis.
;;0.3818;;referring to the long pending relocation of slums along the mumbai airport, the cm said, the government has intervened to ensure they are not totally displaced.
;;-0.6705;;amit shah (@amitshah) august 31, 2019expressing his grief over the loss of lives in the explosion, fadnavis announced an ex-gratia of rs 5 lakh each to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.0;;in a tweet, fadnavis also said that guardian minister, collector, superintendent of police are present on the spot along with the sdrf team.
;;0.4588;;if you cast your vote to it (bjp) you will get interest in the form of development, fadnavis said in chiplun nearly 250 kms from mumbai where he attended an election campaign.
;;-0.7096;;but if you invest in other banks (referring to parties) opened by rahul gandhi, sharad pawar or uddhav thackeray, you will not get anything because their banks are bankrupt, said fadnavis.
;;0.8271;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced free bus rides in areas witnessing increased congestion due to closed bridges, the brihan-mumbai electric supply and transport (best) undertaking started a free bus service in kings circle area on thursday.
;;-0.1531;;the apparent thaw in senas aggressive stand vis-a-vis the bjp came a day after fadnavis announced the bjp will not field its nominees for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor of mumbai in the mayoral election, scheduled this week.
;;-0.128;;stating that the strike was confined to a few districts of nashik, ahmednagar and pune, fadnavis said: there were instances of stone pelting reported.
;;-0.25;;speaking at the inaugural session of the bjps state executive meeting in pune on saturday, fadnavis had said that allegations being raised against his ministers  women and child development minister pankaja munde, education minister vinod tawde and water resources minister girish mahajan  were false propaganda by the opposition.
;;0.0;;the cm said, almost 63 per cent of the area of mumbai and its suburbs come in the category of coastal regulation zone or green belt.
;;-0.0772;;fadnavis also announced in situ redevelopment of 50,000 slum dwellers living near the airport.
;;0.8885;;(file photo)chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday the socio-economic transformation drive of the state government with peoples participation could be further motivated by roping those engaged in ethical businesses to bring in greater investments and deliver change in public life.
;;-0.4767;;along with ngos, the public and the government, their services should be availed for uplift of society and poor people, said the cm.
;;0.5859;;when a reporter asked about the future of the bjp loyalists among newcomers crowding the saffron party, fadnavis said, we have inducted four-five leaders so far who need to be given ticket in the assembly elections among all those who have joined.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, fadnavis also said the state government was planning to divert 167 tmc water (from various reservoirs in the state) to the godavari basin.
;;0.4927;;i am very fortunate for being able to render my services to shivaji maharaj, fadnavis said.
;;0.2344;;we will go ahead once we resolve the issues that have been raised by fishermen of the area and not allow shivaji maharajs memorial to get into any controversy, the cm said.
;;0.0;;a case has been lodged against him since he had stood as a guarantor to a loan borrowing firm, fadnavis had said.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis said that certain activities are attributed to zakir naik as well in the report.
;;0.0;;in consultation with mha, we will decide the further course of action which we need to take, said fadnavis.
;;-0.4404;;uddhavs remarks came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that he would discuss the issue with aaditya, who has spoken out against cutting trees in aarey and staked his reputation as a woke, new age sena leader on this contentious matter roiling mumbai ahead of the assembly elections due in october.
;;-0.7096;;their (oppositions) sangharsh yatra drew no response from the farmers because the farming community knows what they did during their regime our samvad yatra will take the welfare policies right up to the last farmer, said the cm, ridiculing the oppositions sangharsh yatra that demanded, among other things, loan waiver for farmers.
;;0.0;;the cm said the samvad yatra was being undertaken as part of the year-long pandit deendayal upadhyaya birth anniversary celebrations.
;;0.4215;;addressing bjp ministers, mlas, mayors, leaders and workers at the partys two-day executive committee held in pimpri-chinchwad, fadnavis asked party mps, mlas, corporators to stay away from their homes for 15 days and reach out to farmers.
;;0.0;;the cm said the farmers were waiting for a samvad (dialogue) with bjp leaders and workers.
;;0.5423;;emphasising that bjp identified itself more with bharat-rajya rather than ram-rajya, fadnavis said janata was the ram and bjp was in the role of a trustee, means it has to behave like bharat.
;;0.1326;;farmers have not committed any crime but have brought about a revolution, the sena chief said.
;;-0.5994;;farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
;;0.3182;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, to ascertain the truth, call records of bhide for last six months were checked along with his locations and movements.
;;0.3182;;(express photo/janak rathod) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, to ascertain the truth, call records of bhide for last six months were checked along with his locations and movements.
;;-0.9027;;fadnavis said the investigation into all aspects of the violence, including hindutva leader bhides call records for the last six months, have not yielded any positive signs of his covert or overt role in the violence.
;;-0.128;;while asserting that his government would not spare anybody found guilty in the clashes, fadnavis said, to ascertain the truth, call records of bhide for the last six months were checked along with his locations and movements.
;;-0.8176;;giving out a stern message about his governments intolerance towards violence or communal clashes, fadnavis said, anybody found guilty would be punished.
;;-0.7269;;fadnavis also said the government had deployed adequate police force, led by a team of top police officers and special riot control squads, at the venue, on the day the violence broke out.
;;-0.5994;;denying intelligence failure or lack of policing, fadnavis said, the government had expected a large turnout and had accordingly made preparations.
;;0.9184;;but despite the violence, police and the administration ensured safe return of people to their respective villages and homes, fadnavis told the house.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis, the architect of the bjps stunning performance in bmc and other city bodies across the state, had yesterday said his partys core committee comprising him and the state unit chief will take the next step.
;;0.7884;;analysing the poll outcome, fadnavis said the bjp did not win the elections because of some vote division, but due to the peoples trust in prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah.
;;0.7096;;fadnavis said the bjp is now in power in 21 states covering 78 per cent of geographical area of the country, and will repeat its historical win in the 2019 general elections as well.
;;0.0;;despite so much opposition, the bjp clinched the victory which is a commendable job, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had then announced that work in at least 100 villages will kickstart on october 2, 2016.
;;0.4939;;at the rally in nandurbar, which was once a congress stronghold, fadnavis also told opposition parties to introspect as to why their leaders were quitting.
;;-0.34;;this is not the way to behave, fadnavis said of the incident that led to a tense situation for a while in baramati during his roadshow.
;;0.5106;;during an interaction with farmers in the fifth episode of mi mukhyamantri boltoy, fadnavis said: today, 11,494 villages have become drought free.
;;0.25;;of the 68,000 wells, 40,000 have been constructed, said the cm.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, almost 9,000 projects have been taken up in 527 villages with allocation of rs 237 crore in beed.
;;-0.0258;;the cm said a district-wise review was taken up every two months with course corrections to resolve the problems.
;;0.1027;;to this, fadnavis said, every village gram panchayats and individual farmer should exercise caution to ensure there is no misuse of water.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the emphasis on water recharge projects had been accorded higher priority.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has asked the director of school education to examine the possibility of appointing an administrator, he said.
;;0.4404;;informing this, fadnavis told reporters in new delhi that his government would soon start the work on restoration and beautification of various forts, including raigad.
;;0.8316;;apart from forts, the centre assured to extend help for restoration and beautification of various historical caves, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said during his meeting with prime minister narendra modi, he discussed various issues of the state, including permission for the proposed coastal road project and slum redevelopment in crz in mumbai.
;;0.2732;;the cm said he also apprised modi about the just held elections in various municipal corporations, including mumbai, and zilla parishads, in which bjp performed well, especially in urban pockets.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , expressing his condolences, announced compensation of rs 4 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased, and set up an in-depth inquiry into the incident.
;;0.0;;after inaugurating the newly renovated town hall, fadnavis said, i appeal to everyone to take some time out and visit the library, which has a rare collection.
;;0.0;;half of the borewells dont have waterothers are only a trickle, said the civic chief.
;;0.0;;when i first mooted the idea to chief minister devendrafadnavis at our meeting in nashik, the cm asked me to remind him next week.
;;-0.4019;;thus, the cbi once again asked the governor to permit it to prosecute chavan, fadnavis told pti.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis said, the party will give senior leader madhav bhandari responsibility to steer a flagship programme with full rank and status of government.
;;0.0;;even during the state cabinet meetings, the media is barred, the civic chief said.
;;0.0;;he said chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that he will order sit inquiry into the affairs of the civic body.
;;0.4019;;the teetering marriage of bharatiya janata party and shiv sena finally ended on thursday when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray announced the breakup.
;;0.4404;;in election modebefore embarking on his month-long rath yatra to various parts of the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked his bureaucrats to walk the extra mile in order to effectively implement public welfare schemes at the ground level.
;;0.0;;yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the government will announce a loan waiver before october 31 and about 1.
;;-0.1531;;rescue operations are going on a war footing, fadnavis said.
;;-0.8316;;while the cm has said that a new model for redevelopment is being worked out, the fishermen community is already fearing the worst.
;;-0.4215;;advertisingif landlord of a dilapidated, cessed building fails to undertake redevelopment within the stipulated time frame, then we have decided that the mhada will acquire these buildings and would carry out the redevelopment of its own, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;we have now decided that if the landlord does not start the redevelopment process on his own, the mhada will do so, said fadnavis.
;;-0.1779;;admitting to delays in the redevelopment of several such project, fadnavis announced that the slum developers would now be required to pay 36 months rent in advance to the slum dwellers.
;;-0.2732;;on low water levels in dams across maharashtra, fadnavis said, at jaikwadi, live water stock is over.
;;0.6908;;fadnavis said the state government welcomed the decision taken by prime minister narendra modi to bring an end to the vip culture.
;;-0.4767;;in a telephonic interview to the indian express, fadnavis said, why should anybody feel ashamed to express their reverence towards ones motherland by saying bharat mata ki jai?
;;0.7269;;stating that those who were opposing it appeared to have malafide interests and intentions, the cm said, they are those divisive forces who want to create rift in our country and wish to break our unity.
;;0.5698;;asked if a progressive state like maharashtra could afford to decide who should stay in the country and who should not based on their willingness to chant a slogan, fadnavis said, there is absolutely no truth in such assumptions.
;;-0.4588;;fadnavis said he was appalled at the controversy over one statement made by him at the nashik rally saturday, even though he spoke for 50 minutes, with 45 minutes of it were on drought and development.
;;0.3031;;reiterating that the matter should not be linked to religion, fadnavis said, i salute those more than 500 highly placed and respected muslim clerics who not only hosted the tricolour at mahim dargah but also chanted bharat mata ki jai.
;;0.1027;;speaking on the scenario in the agriculture sector, fadnavis said, our policy reforms are emphasising on greater investments to pull it out of the negative growth that would overall impact the state gds next financial year.
;;0.0;;if the cm says he will only talk to real farmers leaders, then only real farmers from the government should hold talks with those real farmers leaders.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, our differences with the shiv sena are not ideological.
;;-0.281;;referring to the shiv senas statement that the 25-year alliance with the bjp was a waste, fadnavis said, let us not forget that the architect of that alliance were late sena president bal thackeray and late pramod mahajan.
;;-0.4767;;continuing his attack, fadnavis said, the sena has often indulged in emotive politics.
;;0.4019;;on senas campaign did you know, fadnavis said, such compliments should come from aam aadmi.
;;0.5267;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the journey of shinde is an inspiration to all as he has risen to all occasions against all odds shinde has put a mark on whichever responsibility he held so far.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, the most heartening aspect of this project is the overwhelming response and participation of people in villages.
;;0.5859;;at a meeting held with national agriculture cooperative marketing federation of india (nafed), chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state government was committed to provide both financial and logistic support to farmers cultivating cereals such as tur and harbara.
;;0.6369;;advertisingmaharashtras move comes a week after chief minister devendrafadnavis told the indian express that the revocation of j&ks special status would be an issue in the elections because every single person in every state, barring 2-3 per cent, supports it, and that the people of maharashtra feel it (kashmir) should be an integral part of the country.
;;0.4404;;the sena chief said if at all an alliance with bjp for the bmc (brihan mumbai municipal corporation) polls materialises, good suggestions by the ally will also be incorporated in the manifesto.
;;0.1406;;wondering as to why pictures of deities could not be displayed in offices, the sena chief had said that he accepted secularism, but it should be applied without discrimination.
;;0.0;;later, fadnavis asked the dgp to consider salves case favourably.
;;0.3182;;later, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that insurance companies would be blacklisted if they are held responsible.
;;0.2263;;speaking at mazagaon docks at the millennium anniversary of the coronation of emperor rajendra chola, who maintained a powerful navy, fadnavis said: aaj humari sena aur pradhan mantri ne desh aur duniya ko bata diya ki sava sau crore ka yeh bharat desh ahinsa ka toh pujari hai lekin kamzor nahi hai (today our army and the prime minister have shown the nation and the world that india, a country with a 125-crore population, is a believer of non-violence, but isnt weak).
;;-0.4228;;watch video: indias surgical strike: beyond what the govt saidas an indian, i feel extremely proud of the way our army got into pakistan and decimated the terrorist camps, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;lauding prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis said the pm has proved to the world that india can go beyond words.
;;0.8074;;the cm said the good monsoons are an opportunity to maximise the benefits to farmers.
;;0.7964;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, yes, we have taken the decision to develop six smart cities after weighing in all the parameters prescribed by the centre for smart cities.
;;-0.34;;advertisingaddressing a gathering at vashi in navi mumbai, fadnavis said: instead of worrying about mass entry (of opposition leaders in the bjp), people need to introspect whats causing the mass exodus.
;;0.6597;;speaking at a event held at the cidco exhibition centre in navi mumbai, the cm said, it has become clear to everyone that the progress is possible only with narendra modi.
;;0.0;;file photothe water transport project along the east coast between ferry wharf (bhaucha dhakka) and nerul (navi mumbai) will start from march 2018, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, the infrastructure sub-committee has already given its nod and cidco has begun the process for the project, for which rs 136 crore has been set aside.
;;0.0;;in 2015, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said police housing was a priority for him and the state was planning to build nearly 5 lakh houses across the state by 2019 for police personnel.
;;0.0;;fadnavis asked.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis said a beautiful memorial would now be constructed for babasaheb.
;;0.7184;;fadnavis said, the government is committed to built a magnificent memorial of babsaheb ambedkar complete with international research centre.
;;0.0;;indicating that financial implications are yet to be worked out, fadnavis said the volume of loan waiver will be largest the state has ever offered.
;;-0.0516;;36 crore farmers, fadnavis said: there was an overwhelming response from farmer leaders that loan waiver should be for needy farmers, and not become a medium availed by rich and prosperous individuals or groups at the cost of poor and needy farmers.
;;-0.5423;;fadnavis said the scope of the term hurt is well defined and there is no room for any misuse of the law.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, i am deeply moved by the silent protest which displays both the might and also the great restraint by the community.
;;0.0;;the youths will lead the development, said fadnavis.
;;0.0772;;a large number of people are participating in the jalyukt shivar scheme which is aimed at eliminating water scarcity in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
;;0.0;;the scheme has got the biggest participation from general public, the cm said here after inaugurating a river deepening project under the scheme in aurangabad district.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said all gram panchayats in state will be digitalised and connected to concerned ministry by 2018.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis, who is also the home minister of the state, also announced that a team of forensic experts was collecting and appreciating all scientific evidence from the site to build a watertight case.
;;-0.7713;;terming the incident as being horrendous and utterly shameful, fadnavis also announced the setting up of a committee comprising women legislators from both houses of the legislature to recommend further measures to ensure that such a crime never takes place again.
;;0.4939;;during an interaction with residents of the cities in the state where elections are to be held later this month, fadnavis said he was confident that bjp will come to power on its own in mumbai and will not need a post-poll alliance with sena.
;;-0.4019;;fadnavis however claimed that seat-sharing was not at the nub of the problem.
;;0.4404;;on roads in mumbai, the cm said efforts to build sustainable and good quality roads were on.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said this on monday at a freewheeling interactive session with the aam aadmi across maharashtra as he fielded a host of questions, from the possibility of a shiv sena-bjp post-poll alliance to water management and solar-driven metros.
;;0.7184;;commenting on a post-poll sena-bjp alliance in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), fadnavis said, im confident that the bjp will on its own merit get the absolute majority.
;;0.0;;ahead of the elections to 10 municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads, fadnavis said, we have always emphasised on peoples participation.
;;0.5994;;fadnavis said, i am glad mahesh sharma has given consent to our request for delegation of powers to maharashtra government to expedite the restoration of raigad fort.
;;-0.5574;;besides, the cm said the government would introduce a new policy to check illegal constructions.
;;0.0;;in a statement to the media, fadnavis said,bjp corporators will act as watchdogs of transparency in bmc.
;;-0.6808;;dispelling doubts about the maharashtra governments stability, fadnavis said, no threat to my government, it is stable.
;;0.0;;fadnavis asked.
;;0.8442;;fadnavis said if the opposition parties come to bjps strongholds for public meetings, his party would help them.
;;0.0;;on some ncp leaders saying that sharad pawar had to face problems because of udayanraje bhosale, the party mp who joined the bjp on saturday, fadnavis said it now appears to be a case of sour grapes.
;;0.4019;;talking about his agenda for next five years if his party comes back to power, fadnavis said in the last five years, his governments thrust was on watershed management.
;;0.0;;(file)once a project is sanctioned, prime minister narendra modi does not let the concerned ministers and officers sleep till it is completed, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.0772;;i want piyush ji to bring pm modi along to inaugurate this project in a year and a half, fadnavis said.
;;-0.2263;;the maharashtra cm said vidarbha and marathwada regions were his governments priority, adding that both shared the same pain and thirst for development.
;;-0.3875;;fadnavis said industries were not willing to set up a base in marathwada as the region did not enjoy port connectivity.
;;0.6597;;the sena chief said though his party was in power, he felt the party also had the responsibility to ask the government to rectify discrepancies in these schemes.
;;0.2235;;we wont stop them, fadnavis said, in an apparent reference to reports that the shiv sena was toying with the idea of roping in the congress to bag the mumbai mayors post.
;;0.0;;whether we bag power (in bmc) or not, we will never go with the congress, the cm said.
;;-0.4215;;b'in the past, only slogan of garibi hatao (coined by indira gandhi government in early 1970s) was given, but no real work was done on the ground, devendrafadnavis said.
;;-0.4215;;(source: file) in the past, only slogan of garibi hatao (coined by indira gandhi government in early 1970s) was given, but no real work was done on the ground, devendrafadnavis said.
;;-0.1531;;however, mere speeches are not enough to eradicate poverty and benefits of welfare schemes should reach the last person in the queue, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said around 60 per cent population in the country still does not bank accounts and efforts were on to bring them under the ambit of financial inclusion.
;;0.0;;the rss chief said agriculture and various businesses in the country are dependent on animal husbandry and livestocks.
;;-0.7524;;it is because the people have realised that the bjp is not trustworthy and it betrays people, said the sena chief.
;;0.6249;;at a meeting held in his hometurf nagpur, fadnavis said, the zero mile has its own significance and could become a point of attraction for tourists.
;;-0.2732;;fadnavis said that the only sector that had seen a negative growth and was pulling the overall economy of the state backward was the agrarian sector.
;;-0.2732;;fadnavis said that the only sector that had seen a negative growth and was pulling the overall economy of the state backward was the agrarian sector.
;;0.8402;;maharashtra is poised to become a trillion-dollar economy by 2025 with the support of good governance and robust policies, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday at the india economic summit 2018.
;;0.3818;;we have decided that by 2025 maharashtra will be a trillion-dollar economy  the only subnational economy in india to be in trillion-dollar club, said fadnavis, during a panel discussion on states as new engines of growth.
;;0.8126;;fadnavis claimed that the state had redeemed its position as the number one choice for foreign investors with good governance and better policies.
;;0.2732;;if we compare the foreign direct investment (fdi) coming into maharashtra in 2014 and 2017, it has increased three-fold, said fadnavis.
;;0.4588;;taking a dig at the previous congress-ncp government, fadnavis said that the state had earlier lacked good governance and therefore the growth rate had been poorer than other states.
;;0.3818;;advertisingaddressing the unified command mechanisms meeting in mumbai, fadnavis said, all the sanctioned infrastructure, health and education projects in the naxal belt of gadchiroli and gondia should be expeditiously completed.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also asked officials to enforce the police recruitment policy in the naxal belt.
;;-0.1603;;the jalyukta shivar projects will not only help overcome drought but also enable farmers to reap two to three crops by rotation in a year, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.0516;;fadnavis said: such outstanding work is possible only when villagers take the decision to change their destiny by fighting and overriding the problems.
;;0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the good rains have helped to almost complete sowing of multiple crops in this kharif season.
;;0.0;;the pmpml chief said he didnt understand why details of the transport bodys board meeting were being made public.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis said the state had a permanent system in place through the disaster management department to coordinate during such operations.
;;0.0;;the contractor was also asked to submit bill of entries but did not submit it, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in his reply to a question on this in the legislative council thursday.
;;0.0;;but, they did not do so, the cm said in his reply.
;;0.0;;the committee will hold discussions with all the farmers organisations, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;girish mahajan said, the cm has already announced a loan waiver.
;;-0.1974;;on monday, fadnavis announced the government decision to extend loan waiver to farmers who were not given any benefit under the congress-ncp governments loan waiver announced in 2008.
;;-0.3182;;fadnavis who outlined the critical sectors said the total funds required to complete the ongoing irrigation projects across state would be rs one lakh crore.
;;0.3612;;during an interaction with media at nagpur, fadnavis said, the emphasis of the government would be on small irrigation projects along with water conservation given greater priority.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said the maharashtra government would take steps to ensure the compulsory teaching of the marathi language as a subject in schools of all boards, including cbse and icse.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the order was not being implemented by central board schools.
;;0.0;;we will make all necessary changes in the law, said fadnavis in the legislative council.
;;0.4215;;all their appropriate demands will be fulfilled in a time-bound manner, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;watch video: whats making newsa senior officer in the cmo said, on entering the classroom of the zilla parishad school, fadnavis asked the children to open a chapter.
;;0.34;;speaking on the occasion, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said force one, an elite commando force was set up on the lines of national security guards (nsg).
;;0.34;;(file photo) speaking on the occasion, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said force one, an elite commando force was set up on the lines of national security guards (nsg).
;;0.34;;speaking on the occasion, fadnavis said force one, an elite commando force was set up on the lines of national security guards (nsg).
;;0.9299;;appreciating the commandos, who displayed their rappelling skills during the inaugural ceremony, cm said, in movies you do it after repeated takes, with protection of all kinds and editing, but to do rappelling better than them in real life on such a huge building, so smoothly, it is extremely courageous.
;;0.0;;as a result, they have to make higher investments to cultivate crops, said fadnavis.
;;0.8519;;advertisinga special train has been arranged for all the passengers from kalyan to kolhapur, cm fadnavis said while expressing his gratitude to ndrf, army, navy, airforce, police and railways for their coordinated rescue operation.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, we have already deployed trains to supply water to drought-hit latur.
;;0.2732;;ai application in the home department would help in improved cctvs and detection of criminals using face detection algorithms, fadnavis said.
;;0.2732;;(source: getty images) ai application in the home department would help in improved cctvs and detection of criminals using face detection algorithms, fadnavis said.
;;0.8126;;(source: getty images)the maharashtra government will develop artificial intelligence (ai) clusters with foreign partnership, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday after he met the vice premier of quebec, dominique anglade, to promote ai whose applications, which the cm said, would help in sustainable farming and agriculture in maharashtra.
;;0.2732;;ai clusters have the potential to create 230 million jobs in the country by 2025, said fadnavis, who is on a tour to us and canada.
;;0.0;;ivado and applied ai research institute will work together to set up ai clusters in maharashtra in conjuction with iit mumbai, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;(express photo)fadnavis has said there will be the regular dgca inquiry in the incident.
;;-0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the demand for incorporating the word -maharaj  was long pending.
;;0.4019;;at his first meeting in chinchwad, cm said, from croreparti, the pcmc is on way to becoming roadpati because of the massive corruption in pcmc by the ruling party.
;;0.0;;mahajanadesh yatra will be an exercise to interact with people and convey the reforms enforced in last five years and also apprise them about the roadmap ahead towards new maharashtra, fadnavis said.
;;-0.4019;;fadnavis has said his words have been distorted.
;;0.0;;on sunday, fadnavis said, i have always maintained that there cannot be any justification for any wrongdoing by anybody.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis said, i am sure everybody understood by what i meant.
;;0.0;;there is a difference between statue in the river and in the deep sea, fadnavis said, adding, in the last 15 years, congress-ncp government could not install a single brick for the shivaji memorial project.
;;0.8442;;the objective is to provide more teeth to the authority to ensure justice to each affected person waiting for justice for the last six decades, fadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the state has enacted a special law to effectively check attacks against mediapersons.
;;0.743;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the growth and success of the bjp is because of its workers.
;;0.7845;;fadnavis had also asked the delegation to celebrate the festival by following all norms.
;;0.0;;advertisingthe only people who will decide the seat-sharing are chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp chief amit shah and i, said thackeray while talking to mediapersons on sunday.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is on a tour of the us and canada, said in a statement, bhaiyyuji maharaj contributed immensely to social welfare work in the field of water conservation, education, land reforms and mass marriages for the poor.
;;0.0516;;the cm had earlier said no one can become the prime minister simply by giving a speech from the red fort.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, who completed 25 years of his political career wednesday, said, i have always maintained that politics cannot be for power and money making.
;;0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the bjp had no role to play in the serving of the notice to raj thackeray.
;;-0.296;;the ed is an independent organisation and the bjp has no control over it, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;filethe mira-bhayander stretch will soon get a police commissionerate of its own, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on wednesday.
;;0.0;;in a meeting on wednesday afternoon at sahyadri guest house to discuss issues pertaining to the mira-bhayander stretch, the cm announced that a police commissioners office will soon come up in the region along with an independent tehsil office.
;;0.6597;;fadnavis said, digital maharashtra is going to be a reality as we work towards smart cities and smart villages.
;;0.0;;latur pattern is known in the field of educationtime has now come to establish a latur pattern for politics of development, fadnavis said, addressing a campaign rally for municipal corporation election of april 19 in latur.
;;0.0258;;bjp wanted power in municipal corporations so that the state governments initiatives for development could reach the roots of the society, the cm said.
;;0.34;;instead of rs 2,650 due in 1977, fadnavis said, the villager should get the compensation as per the market value for the land.
;;0.7351;;fadnavis said, in the last five years, we have ensured a higher bonus and minimum support price for paddy.
;;0.7269;;while saying that both the party and his government are committed to 16 per cent reservation for marathas, fadnavis told party workers to counter the congress-ncps attack against the government and the party with a befitting reply on reservation politics.
;;0.0534;;fadnavis said, there is absolutely no ambiguity about the governments efforts and the partys support to maratha reservation.
;;0.0;;addressing the gathering on the occasion, fadnavis said, the first priority is to rehabilitate the tenants in a 500 sq ft flat against their 160 sq ft tenements and after that the saleable component would be constructed.
;;0.0;;in this redevelopment project of the chawls, 68 per cent of land will be utilised to rehabilitate the residents and only 32 per cent will used by the developer, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also announced that his government was working on a fasttrack mode for police housing and in the next two years, its results would be visible.
;;0.0;;earlier government only talked of redevelopment of this project but we have actually started the work, said the cm.
;;0.0516;;fadnavis said: i have directed the officials to ensure each and every needy and deserving farmer gets the loan waiver.
;;0.0;;while associating himself with the cause of the maratha community, fadnavis said, the rallies mirror the unrest in the community over their long-pending demands for the past six decades.
;;0.8979;;while expressing gratitude to the rally organisers for the silent and non-violent demonstrations, fadnavis said, my government is guided and governed by the blessings of the great maratha warrior king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj.
;;0.2023;;citing several judgments, fadnavis said it was important for the three organs of state  the legislature, executive and the judiciary  not to step on each others domain to maintain the separation of powers.
;;0.0;;advertisingreferring to these observations during proceedings in the assembly, fadnavis said, there is nothing pending with the cm in these cases.
;;-0.6249;;contending that a persons right to reputation was his fundamental right, fadnavis said, no one should be condemned without being heard.
;;0.4767;;while informing the house about the progress in the case, fadnavis said, i want to use this platform to raise a broader issue.
;;0.2263;;the crop loans must be disbursed expeditiously to allow farmers to purchase seeds and fertilisers, fadnavis said.
;;0.2263;;maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file) maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis (pti photo/file)the bjp unit in maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.2363;;if someone wants to impel us to go for mid-term polls, i am confident we will be able to form government again, fadnavis told reporters in mumbai without naming any party.
;;0.0;;fadnavis asked me to visit kolhapur and then sangli.
;;-0.4767;;fadnavis, who spoke after the inaugural session of the meeting, said they discussed how the poor, including scs, sts and obcs, could get jobs, education, medicine and employment.
;;0.3384;;asked if there was a review of performance of bjp governments as regards the centres schemes, fadnavis said, the bjp governments are doing very well.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, i have repeatedly said this project will be a gamechanger.
;;0.4939;;maharashtra revenue minister, c patil, has said, cm had announced loan waiver for small and marginal farmers, today govt has accepted it based on certain criteria.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had on friday announced the formation of the six-member committee to look into the various demands of farmers, including the loan waiver.
;;0.2732;;we have accepted most of their demands and have given them a written letter, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.2732;;advertisingthe cm claimed that maximum investments and job creation have taken place in maharashtra during his tenure.
;;0.7506;;b'soon after he exited his crash-landed chopper thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he felt protected by the blessings of the people of maharashtra.
;;0.0;;speaking to the indian express, the cm said, the helicopter took off as usual.
;;0.7506;;the cm told those gathered their blessings were with him and he felt protected.
;;0.8481;;in his message to the public, fadnavis said, i express heartfelt thanks to all the citizens of maharashtra for sharing your agenda for your city with me.
;;-0.4767;;the government will distribute tur dal to the poor under bpl category through ration card, fadnavis told reporters at sahyadri state guest house here.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis said his government will table 10 new bills before the legislature, including allowing farmers to sell their vegetables and fruits directly to consumers and not through the agriculture produce marketing committees (apmcs), which has hitherto been the norm; setting up metropolitan region development authorities on the lines of mumbai in pune and nagpur as well, along with three pending bills in legislative assembly.
;;0.5423;;share this article related article bullet train gets past major hurdle over bkc landbullet train gets past major hurdle over bkc land gujarat govt to help railways acquire land for bullet train projectgujarat govt to help railways acquire land for bullet train project mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train: amid failure to secure land for station, panel suggests elevated corridor at extra rs 10k crmumbai-ahmedabad bullet train: amid failure to secure land for station, panel suggests elevated corridor at extra rs 10k cr mumbai bullet train clears major hurdlemumbai bullet train clears major hurdle bullet train project: fadnavis asks rlys to use its own landmumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project stuck, no consensus yet on land for stationwhile the railways has told the state that it would get back with an answer, some in the ministry are inclined to knock on prime minister narendra modis door for a solution or a compromise, given that maharashtra is a bjp-ruled state.
;;-0.5106;;fadnavis had said that there are no disputes between us about the chief ministers post.
;;0.0;;50 lakh crore infrastructure projects in mumbai and thane and prioritize the sons of the soil in these projects, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis said, the government is committed to complete all the mega-infrastructure projects worth rs 1.
;;0.6369;;indicating that every project would ensure participation of the sons of the soil, fadnavis said, the administration will ensure strict watch on the quality of work.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis said people always want to deposit their hard-earned money in a good bank.
;;-0.5106;;watch what else is in the newsblaming former cm prithviraj chavan and ncp leader ajit pawar for imposing penalty tax on unauthorised constructions, fadnavis said his government has decided to scrap penalty tax and legalise unauthorised constructions to provide relief to hassled residents.
;;-0.3182;;on june 3, fadnavis after his talks with a delegation of protesting farmers had announced a loan waiver that was to be effective from october 31, 2017, and restricted to small and marginal farmers with landholdings of 5 acres.
;;-0.5994;;(file)the real tribute to late gopinath munde will be to take ahead his work and bring development to the last man and the last mile, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday, addressing a public gathering organised at parli in beed to observe the fourth death anniversary of former union minister gopinath munde.
;;0.0;;on the basis of his opinion, the government will take a call on whether it can continue with the current tender or float a new one, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;on thursday, fadnavis said the government had purchased a 46-acre plot of railway land in matunga for speedy rehabilitation of dharavis slumdwellers.
;;0.1531;;with the railway deal having materialised after the tendering process, fadnavis said, the availability of the 46-acre land and the purchase cost was not a part of the tender.
;;0.0;;our plan is to transform it into the second bkc, said fadnavis.
;;0.5859;;shivaji memorial: state approaches attorney generalmeanwhile, while admitting that there had been a delay in the construction of the shivaji memorial in the arabian sea, fadnavis told the assembly that the government had approached the attorney general of india, kk venugopal, to represent the state in the supreme court, which is hearing a case in this regard.
;;0.0772;;the height has been raised by 100 feet, said fadnavis, adding that the mumbai metropolitan region development authority, the projects nodal agency, will now make changes to the design and calculate the cost escalation.
;;0.0;;fadnavis told the house that the decision was taken considering demands from various (ambedkarite) groups.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said that the plan was to complete the construction work of the memorial, which is estimated to cost rs 763 crore, by december 2020.
;;0.4588;;road maphighlighting fast tracking of transport infrastructure projects as one of the main achievements of his government ahead of the polls, fadnavis told the assembly that the government had undertaken road construction and improvement works along a record 57,000 kilometres.
;;0.8934;;my heartfelt greetings to party chief uddhav thackeray and the party workers, fadnavis said on micro-blogging site twitter.
;;-0.296;;the cm rightly said that balasaheb is sorely missed today, he added.
;;0.0;;reacting to the letters, fadnavis told ani, several facts have surfaced in the letter.
;;0.0;;asked for a reaction, fadnavis said, i dont have information about draft of 2014, which you are mentioning.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the report suggests 4,600 villages have become water neutral.
;;0.0;;expressing concerns over the state reeling under drought for the last four years, fadnavis said: we have decided to divert 167 tmc water from konkan region to godavari river basin through nalganga project, a 489-km-long tunnel will be constructed to channelise water from wainganga river that flows into telangana to eastern and western vidarbha regions.
;;0.0;;on floods in sangli and kolhapur districts in western maharashtra, the cm said: the government has sought rs 6,800-crore package from the centre.
;;0.0;;looking at his governments performance over the last five years, fadnavis said: an unprecedented rs 1.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who chaired the cabinet meeting, said, through self-help groups, women from minority communities will be provided all required infrastructure and financial aid.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said if there is a new plan by consensus to redevelop ambedkar bhavan, the state would be willing to implement the project on its own.
;;-0.6705;;replying to a calling attention motion by shiv senas neelam gorhe in the state legislative council, fadnavis said that the demolition conducted on june 25 in the middle of the night without informing the police or the fire brigade was not official, and was wrong.
;;0.0;;further, we will send a proposal to the bmc to give a heritage tag to the printing press, fadnavis said.
;;0.6597;;with several legislators demanding the removal of former bureaucrat ratnakar gaikwad as state information commissioner considering his involvement with the peoples improvement trust, fadnavis said the state government will prepare a report and submit it to the governor.
;;0.6705;;the agriculture production is good and the credit goes to agricultural investment and reduction in dependency on rain, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said sufficient seeds and fertilisers were available in the state.
;;0.3612;;speaking to experts, fadnavis said research papers of ambedkar, which are still relevant and disply his vision, need to be revived for the benefit of the generation next not only in maharashtra but also across the country.
;;0.0;;b'fadnavis, when contacted by the indian express, said he was not aware about the objections raised.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, when contacted by the indian express, said he was not aware about the objections raised.
;;0.0;;addressing a farmers rally at raigaon village in kadegaon taluka of sangli district, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, overall, our budgetary allocations for the agriculture sector has gone up many folds.
;;0.0772;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has said a separate law had become necessary in the wake of a large number of such cases being reported from the districts.
;;0.0;;terming the sena founder as a tall leader with a big heart, fadnavis said, bal thackerayji always believed in politics of high standards.
;;-0.8402;;asked about the state governments inaction against right-wing leader sambhaji bhide, accused of inciting the riot, athawale said chief minister devendrafadnavis has told him the police had no evidence against him.
;;0.4588;;we are setting up a fund of rs 1,000 crore for helping all such manufacturers in defence sector, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters at a joint briefing along with defence minister manohar parrikar in mumbai.
;;0.1027;;maharashtra is the first state to frame a policy for defence manufacturing after private investment has been allowed, fadnavis said.
;;0.4588;;today defence manufacturers got to know about opportunities in maharashtra, fadnavis said.
;;-0.25;;almost 25 per cent of the total ordnance factories of india are in maharashtra alone, the cm said.
;;0.0;;its time to show them their place, the cm said while addressing a gathering of over 15,000 graduates after bjp nominee and sitting mlc ranjit patil filed his nomination papers for february 3 legislative council polls.
;;0.0258;;dwelling on the efforts for industrial and skill development across the state, especially in vidarbha and marathwada, fadnavis said largescale industrialisation is needed to provide jobs to youths.
;;0.0772;;in terms of foreign investment, maharashtra is number one with an investment of rs 68,000 crore whereas delhi stood next with an investment of rs 13,000 crore followed by karnataka with an investment of rs 4000 crore, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;the cm said yavatmal and buldana will have textile parks on the lines of amravati and akola in future.
;;0.5574;;farmers will become rich as they will be the partners in the project, the cm said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said education scenario has started looking up under his government.
;;0.3612;;the cm said his government has already decided to give 20  grant to all unaided schools.
;;0.0;;after scrutinising the report, the state government will approach the union ministry of home affairs to decide on what needs to be done, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;although he refrained from disclosing the details of the report, fadnavis said, there are many indictments in the report against zakir naik.
;;0.5267;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (express photo by prashant nadkar/files)ahead of the bjp rally in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said that the objective is to display the vastness of the party and inculcate confidence in grassroot workers for the big battle ahead (elections) in maharashtra and india.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, let us unveil the vastness of the bjp to the last worker.
;;0.2732;;some banks, having written off certain loans, revived those accounts and got the loans waived when the scheme came, the cm said.
;;0.644;;it is our collective responsibility to make sure that the needy, poor and debt-ridden farmers get its benefit, fadnavis said, adding that the collectors should ensure that rich farmers do not take its advantage.
;;0.0;;in a sharp retort, fadnavis said, modiji door ki baat hain.
;;0.4215;;aurangabad and neighbouring jalna (being promoted as a logistic b) will emerge as the industrial magnet of india, fadnavis said.
;;0.6486;;advertisingspeaking about the samruddhi corridor, the cm said the eight-lane project  connecting nagpur to mumbai that passes through aurangabad and jalna will help these district witness industrial growth.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said: if we compare the states budget size of rs 3.
;;0.0;;watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsin first remarks, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the bjp would usher in change in the state on its own.
;;0.2023;;without naming uddhav or the shiv sena, fadnavis said, their love for the marathi manoos is limited to dishing out fake emotional speeches.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said a discussion needs to be initiated on how to bring both the saleable and rehabilitation component of redevelopment projects under maharera.
;;0.0;;as floodgates open, maharera has to be equipped to handle the new projects, fadnavis said.
;;0.7964;;the dp 2034 promises 10 lakh affordable houses and it will fall upon the maharera and the developer community to ensure that the houses are truly affordable for people in the city, said the cm.
;;0.1027;;while stating that strict action would be taken against violators, fadnavis said, a web-based model will be evolved to keep a record of every tree, and also track the progress of replantation drives launched after infrastructure projects.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavis (file) devendrafadnavis (file)while loan waiver is going to lead to financial constraints, it will not impact development projects in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.5995;;but we are not going to allow that to impact our development projects or the states growth index, fadnavis said while outlining maharashtras vision for the next 10 years at a programme organised by a marathi tv channel, abp majha, in mumbai.
;;0.6808;;all our core social sectors and projects that are going to be in the larger interest of the states growth and public services will not be compromised, fadnavis said.
;;0.2023;;fadnavis said the next 10 years are going to be significant for maharashtra, along with the rest of the country.
;;0.0772;;our biggest challenge is to provide water to enable sustainable agriculture in these drought-prone regions of the state, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;responding to the development, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said: look who one has invited after the ground has slipped from beneath their (sena) feet.
;;0.2023;;b'devendra fadnavis had said he is fine with ipl moving out of the drought hit maharashtra.
;;0.2023;;(source: pti) devendrafadnavis had said he is fine with ipl moving out of the drought hit maharashtra.
;;0.0258;;(source: pti)a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur on saturday warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
;;0.1675;;faced with criticism over huge quantity of water usage for pitches for ipl, fadnavis had said we do not have any problem, if ipl is shifted from maharashtra this season.
;;-0.8658;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the government would press for death penalty against the guilty.
;;0.128;;expressgiving a push to the bjps election campaign, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday that everyone was aware of the corruption during the ncp rule, while there was no presence left of other political parties.
;;0.0;;it will soon be thrown out of power in the neighbouring pimpri-chinchwad municipal corporation (pcmc), along with pune municipal corporation (pmc), said fadnavis, addressing an election rally in baner, one of four rallies he has addressed in the city.
;;0.0;;the residents would be able to commute on a single ticket in both the metro and the bus, said fadnavis, adding that the city would be made a start-up capital of the country within three years.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said as much earlier this month, during the bjps mahajanadesh yatra.
;;0.7506;;while maintaining that both parties will retain the seats each had won in 2014, fadnavis had said, after setting aside a few seats for smaller allies, sena and bjp will equally divide remaining seats.
;;0.743;;almost all member states are opposed to the niti aayogs proposal to completely remove agriculture commodities from the essential commodities act, however, many are in favour of relaxation in stock restrictions for agriculture goods, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;-0.0772;;advertisingthe niti aayog has suggested that stock restrictions should be imposed in cases where the (retail) price escalation of a commodity has shot up by over 50 per cent its normal rate, said fadnavis.
;;0.0762;;fadnavis said that an opinion has been sought from the states over the niti aayogs recommendation of not imposing stocking restrictions where price escalations were below 50 per cent.
;;0.5859;;states have also been asked to recommend measures to increase food processing and exports, said fadnavis.
;;0.6369;;in another glimmer of hope for the residents, chief minister devendrafadnavis recently announced that mmrda flats would be constructed for these people close to their original homes.
;;0.6597;;mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam said, the cm says the shiv sena is a party of haftakhors (extortionists), while the shiv sena claims that the bjp is a party of goons.
;;-0.6808;;watch what else is in the newsthere is no danger at all to my government for (the) five years (term), the cm said here replying to a query at a press conference at the city bjp office, where he released the partys manifesto for the february 21 bmc polls.
;;0.0;;first (let sena) tackle me, fadnavis said responding to a question.
;;-0.1027;;on the meeting between patidar agitation leader hardik patel and uddhav in mumbai, fadnavis said, look, whom one has to invite, after the ground slips from beneath their (sena) feet.
;;0.4019;;appealing to farmer leaders across the state to come to the discussion table, fadnavis said the government was willing to hear out all their concerns, including higher renumerations through a minimum support price and loan waivers.
;;-0.7506;;maintaining that the strike by farmers was backed by political parties to upstage the government, fadnavis said, we have all the documents to substantiate who provoked the strike and who are the perpetrators of violence.
;;0.0;;during the upa regime, the congress-ncp chief minister would submit a proposal for rs 8,000 crore, but would get just rs 700 crore, fadnavis claimed.
;;0.7506;;making a statement in the legislative assembly, fadnavis said he had assured union finance minister arun jaitley and agriculture minister radhamohan singh that the state was willing to contribute its share in this scheme to help farmers.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said out of the 1.
;;-0.5574;;if farmers who pay their loan on time get a message that if loan dues are not repaid, the loan will be waived off, then the banking system will collapse, the cm said.
;;-0.4939;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday the mumbai polices cyber crime cell will be directed to take strong action against trolls who had threatened maharashtra congress spokesperson sachin sawant on twitter over the past week.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, who handles the home department, said such trolling wont be tolerated.
;;-0.4939;;fadnavis also said there was a need to tighten cyber laws and ensure that such abuse stops.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said a cabinet expansion is likely before the monsoon session commencing on july 18.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, i am planning to carry out a cabinet expansion before the session.
;;0.0;;as far as i remember, there were 3-4 such incidents wherein we were sidelined, fadnavis told reporters at his official residence.
;;0.0516;;asked about the aggressive campaigning across mumbai, fadnavis said, from day one as a chief minister, i have been looking into the issues of mumbai and trying to solve them.
;;0.0;;why so much expenditure and so little result, fadnavis asked.
;;-0.0772;;bjp wanted to maintain a certain decency during campaigning; hence we avoided speaking on such issues, fadnavis said.
;;0.2815;;(file photo)maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that micro-irrigation for agriculture will not only save water but also increase the productivity.
;;0.0;;his government had also stepped up efforts to complete the incomplete irrigation projects, fadnavis said in the second episode of tv show mi mukhyamantri boltoy (this is cm speaking), aired by doordarshans sahyadri channel and other marathi channels today.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis said he was confident that in the next three years, most of the sugarcane farming would switch to micro-irrigation.
;;0.6249;;to a question by another farmer, santosh dinkar, fadnavis said the government had undertaken a project to revive five rivers in the konkan region with the help of dr rajendra singh, the famous water conservationist.
;;0.8537;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier asked people to celebrate the festival but within the guidelines laid out by supreme court.
;;-0.3182;;reacting to the oppositions conduct, chief minister devendrafadnavis said,they made a mockery of democracy.
;;0.0;;while citing examples from drip irrigation projects, fadnavis told officials, the entire 9.
;;0.0;;land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced.
;;0.0;;(file) land records in 40,913 villages across maharashtra will be digitised by august 1, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced.
;;0.0516;;the cm had earlier said no one can become the prime minister simply by giving a speech from red fort.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had said, in a period of just three and a half years, we have made available toilets to 55 per cent of the homes that did not have toilets.
;;0.0;;fadnavis yesterday said mumbai was not the responsibility of the state government.
;;-0.7003;;cm devendrafadnavis cm devendrafadnavis day after chief minister devendrafadnavis told all civic agencies to repair roads in the city, alliance partners shiv sena and bjp blamed each other for the pothole problem.
;;0.6597;;from land monetisation to seeking the help of financial institutions, the government will explore all available routes to help small and marginal farmers, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on sunday.
;;0.1779;;asked if the loan waiver would help end farmer suicides, fadnavis said, loan waiver alone cannot end farmer suicides, as past experience has shown us.
;;0.0;;earlier last week, fadnavis had announced sops for redevelopment of registered housing societies in mhada colonies.
;;-0.4767;;fadnavis says that it was wrong on part of the shiv sena to nominate late mp chintaman wangas son as its candidate (for the palghar bypoll).
;;0.2732;;this was balasahebs thinking as well, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;its programmes are fixed at times a year in advance and it executes them as per their schedule, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;he says dont take populist measures and dont make announcements that cannot be implemented, said fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;to a question on former congress leader narayan rane, fadnavis said the sena  ranes former party  should introspect why the bjp had to take him in.
;;0.0;;attending transform maharashtra, an event where they interacted with students, fadnavis said, i firmly believe the process of transformation has set in with policy reforms undertaken by our government and will keep pace with the expectations of new age india driven by pm narendra modi.
;;0.5423;;exuding optimism on maharashtra day, the cm said, my generation will see the change.
;;0.25;;fadnavis said, we are soon coming up with a comprehensive start-up policy.
;;-0.7964;;in the wake of the building collapse in south mumbais dongri area in july that had resulted in the death of 13 people, chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced that his government will bring a law to make redevelopment compulsory.
;;0.0;;whereas chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state will study the uttar pradesh mode, she said.
;;-0.3612;;leader of the house and minister for cooperation chandrakant patil said fadnavis has asked the officials to study how up was going about with the debt waiver.
;;0.8481;;reiterating the governments commitment to make all 25,000 villages drought free by 2019, fadnavis said:the government will make 6,000 villages drought free this year.
;;0.25;;together, lets act and work for vision maharashtra 2025, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;b'maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis says that the ambedkar bhavan will be rebuilt by the end of the month.
;;0.0;;(source: file photo) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis says that the ambedkar bhavan will be rebuilt by the end of the month.
;;-0.0516;;as a result, thousands of chawl residents were deprived of redevelopment project, including better homes and infrastructure in the vicinity, fadnavis said.
;;0.8442;;while indicating that the previous government lacked the initiative to develop the bdd chawl because it had vested interest in the prime land worth several hundred crores, fadnavis said, instead of bdd chawl residents, the previous governments concern was vested interest.
;;0.6908;;fadnavis said the cabinet expansion will bring greater strength to the administration.
;;0.0;;while underplaying the controversy and non-performance of six ministers who had to be dropped, fadnavis said, there are multiple factors which necessitated a change in the cabinet.
;;0.2023;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , while inaugurating the service, said the monorail would no longer remain a joy ride but would offer last mile connectivity to the people.
;;0.5859;;advertisingat a drought review meeting held in mumbai for nashik, solapur and ahmednagar districts, fadnavis said he has received complaints that after compensation is credited to the bank accounts of drought-hit farmers, the banks are deducting the outstanding amount that the same farmers owe towards crop loans.
;;-0.3182;;asking district authorities to act on drought mitigation proposals within 48 hours, the cm said: the compensation is meant for farmers who have faced crop loss.
;;0.2732;;(express photo/janak rathod)agitating farmers called off their stir on monday after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government has accepted most of the demands of the farmers.
;;0.0;;speaking in the state legislative assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said his government was open to talks with the farmers body, and that it was willing to consider all the demands put forth by farmers and tribals.
;;0.0;;while describing the institute of chemical technology as a centre for prosperity, fadnavis said,  we have taken decisions to develop industrial corridor through shendre-bidkin in the region.
;;0.0;;auranagad and jalna have emerged as the industrial magnet of maharashtra, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;claiming that the congress and ncp will not be able to get even 10 per cent of seats in the upcoming assembly elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said prakash ambedkar-led vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) will stake claim for the post of leader of opposition in state legislative assembly after the polls.
;;0.0;;the congress and ncp will not get even 10 per cent seats to qualify for the post, fadnavis told mediapersons at a rally in nanded.
;;-0.34;;while denying that the bjp had any understanding with the vba, fadnavis said, in lok sabha elections, we saw how the congress was routed.
;;0.6124;;a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the bjp would not contest the mayoral polls for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), it has emerged that back-channel negotiations between leaders of both parties took place over three days before the logjam was resolved following the hung verdict.
;;0.0;;on saturday, fadnavis announced that the bjp would not contest the polls for the post of mayor, deputy mayor and chairmanship of any of the bmc committees.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said voting is the responsibility of citizens and they should participate in the democratic process.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, i held talks with nadella and conveyed to him that the digital transformation project which has been carried out in harisal in maleghat should be further scaled up in wider sectors across the state.
;;0.7845;;fadnavis said, through cloud computing technology and big data analytics, we hope to bring greater efficiency and accountability in the functioning of the administration.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , who met prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah in delhi on thursday, told reporters that he had submitted a report on the issue to shah.
;;0.4019;;the party will take appropriate action, fadnavis said.
;;0.4767;;also read | maharashtra govt steps up mnrega enrolment drive to check migration from drought-hit areasdirecting village sarpanches to become pro-active, the cm also told the district administration to consider the population census of 2018 while providing drought relief measures.
;;0.5574;;the decision to extend the metro service to mira-bhayander and airport was taken to provide better transport services to mumbaikars, fadnavis said.
;;0.8955;;terming the session as satisfactory with the passage of nine important legislations, fadnavis said, i wish the opposition had given more importance to farmers issues with ongoing kharif season or subjects related to irrigation in the larger interest of agriculture.
;;-0.0258;;rajesh stephengoing all out to impress voters in pimpri-chinchwad, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced that penalty tax on unauthorised constructions has been waived by his government.
;;0.0;;watch what else is making newsproducing a copy of the government resolution, the cm said, the gr could not be uploaded on january 11 when it was issued due to technical reasons and after that the poll code came into force.
;;-0.6908;;comparing the penalty tax to sultan kar or a tax levied by ruthless kings centuries back, fadnavis said the ncp government had imposed the tax on hapless citizens.
;;-0.5574;;the cm said his government has taken a policy decision to legalise the illegal constructions.
;;0.4215;;fadnavis said his government has approved the development plan of pune city in less than one year.
;;0.4215;;the cm said in the last two years, his government has approved 70 development plans of civic bodies in maharashtra.
;;0.4939;;the cm said he was confident that bjp will capture both pmc and pcmc and bring about all round development.
;;0.0516;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis (source: express archive photo by santosh parab)chief minister devendrafadnavis said saturday the government was willing to allocate financial resources along with the centre to help 31 lakh farmers reeling under debt of rs 30,500 crore.
;;-0.3089;;reacting to this, fadnavis said, the opposition is not interested in welfare of farmers.
;;0.0;;at a meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, the government is all set to put the entire agriculture sector on separate solar feeder to provide quality and consistent power supply to farmers in the state.
;;0.3818;;speaking on the occasion, fadnavis said his government was open to different ideas to promote tourism.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the government will give rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.296;;however, while the cm said on the floor of the house that no construction will be allowed in the park, the notification has not been withdrawn by the sra, said dr manisha kayande, one of the three environmentalists nominated by the government on the executive board of the mnp society and also a shiv sena spokesperson.
;;0.0;;these toilets will address sanitation issues nationwide, said fadnavis.
;;0.1027;;advertisingspeaking at a rally in amravati districts gurukunj morjari, in the presence of defence minister rajnath singh, fadnavis said: my biggest concern is drought.
;;0.0;;taking on the opposition, fadnavis said that in the last five years, his government has spent rs 50,000 crore for farmer welfare, compared to less than rs 20,000 crore allocated during the 15 years of congress-ncp rule.
;;-0.296;;there is no ambiguity about our return to power, the cm said.
;;0.7902;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said: late hemant karkare was a very brave and upright police officer and will be revered and remembered forever as a martyr.
;;0.4215;;whenever a north indian asks me where his place was in the state, i reply to him with a song  najar ke samne, jigar ke pass koi rahta hai wo tum, fadnavis said to a round of applause.
;;-0.5859;;taking potshots at uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav, fadnavis said, those who made tall promises about transforming uttar pradesh into uttam pradesh have miserably failed to do so.
;;0.6369;;oo pm: accusing opposition of politicising the issue, fadnavis says they are positive about working out a solution for farmer loan waivers.
;;0.0;;42 pm: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said the budget this time will be farmer-centric.
;;0.3818;;the former cm said, i am sure you are aware that as per rules of business, specific sanctions from the chief minister and the pmo is mandatory before any minister of the state government is permitted to travel abroad.
;;-0.7215;;speaking at confidence walk, an event for acid attack victims, the cm said, the state will bring stringent rules to ensure the perpetrators of heinous crime are not easily let off.
;;0.6705;;notably, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said in december last year that the bjp-led state government succeeded in curbing the farmers suicides by nearly 40 per cent in the worst-affected yavatmal district of vidarbha with the help of baliraja chetna abhiyan.
;;0.3818;;our efforts will not cease till we ensure that not a single farmer takes the extreme step, fadnavis had then said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said,  at the end of magnetic maharashtra, we expect total investments to be between rs 10 lakh crore and 12 lakh crore.
;;0.0;;after signing 36 mous on the second day of the magnetic maharashtra: convergence 2018, fadnavis said, maharashtra as a preferred destination for investments is not unexpected.
;;0.6908;;though chief minister devendrafadnavis said he was confident of completing the tenure, he added, in politics, very thing is possible and we are always ready.
;;0.0;;citing the examples of up, andhra pradesh and telengana, which have announced loan waiver, fadnavis said, these states have taken few months for actual implementation (of loan waiver) because of procedures that need to be followed.
;;0.0;;advertisingmaharashtra: chief minister devendrafadnavis said the centres decision had foiled the attempts of pakistan and the then congress government to separate the state from india.
;;-0.128;;responding to senas home minister demand, earlier this month, fadnavis had said: in the past, even the ncp home minister r r patil has once said in the assembly that the portfolio of the home minister should be held by the chief minister.
;;0.3612;;speaking at a function organised to mark buddha purnima and attended by union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju along with several ministers from the maharashtra cabinet, fadnavis said, like earlier people said gandhi dena, colloquially, while referring to paper currency, in future they will say bhim dena, referring to digital currency.
;;0.0;;change will happen irrespective of those who come with us, fadnavis said in a statement.
;;0.0;;bjp mla devendrafadnavis has claimed that the irrigation backlog is still to the tune of rs 10,000 crore.
;;0.6705;;fadnavis said the regional plan is integral for better planning and execution of growth models in a district.
;;0.296;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also said that creating new states was the prerogative of the narendra modi-led union government and not the state government.
;;0.296;;(express archive) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also said that creating new states was the prerogative of the narendra modi-led union government and not the state government.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, i am working here as the chief minister of akhanda maharashtra.
;;0.4939;;i want to make the governments stand clear and i want to request this house to carry on with the usual business, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis announced the decision through his twitter account after a four-hour long discussion.
;;0.1891;;the strike is withdrawn and there should not be any violent protests against state anymore, fadnavis said.
;;-0.6786;;the state government has also agreed to provide financial assistance to the family members of farmer ashok more, who died on june 1 when police were dispersing the protesting mob, fadnavis said.
;;-0.5423;;saddened and pained to know about the land mine blast near bhamragad in gadchiroli in which one jawan from special c-60 force got martyred, fadnavis said in a tweet.
;;0.6597;;all required help and support will be provided, the cm said.
;;-0.4588;;fadnavis said there was a dire need for an international airport near pune.
;;-0.1779;;addressing a huge gathering of party workers in vasai, fadnavis said he had received complaints that voters were being threatened by the bjps political rivals with water and electricity disconnections and demolition of their houses.
;;0.0;;this coalition is the first steps towards tobacco control over the next few years, said chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, there was an attempt to create suspicion over the accidental death of justice loya after three years.
;;0.7269;;fadnavis said mumbai had played a significant role during the freedom struggle.
;;0.3818;;micro irrigation fund be allowed to operate on similar pattern as that of long term rural credit funds instituted by nabard, the cm said.
;;0.3612;;we are also ready to discuss any issues the opposition wants, chief minister devendrafadnavis said while addressing reporters.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said that 15 bills were already pending before the legislature 12 of them in the legislative assembly and three in the legislative council.
;;-0.8126;;because of their perception (that the governments functioning was virtual) they suffered such a humiliating defeat in the recently-held general elections, fadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the state government has sought help from japan to formulate a long-term plan to tackle floods, which will be financed by the world bank and asian development bank.
;;0.0;;the government is working with a team from japan, fadnavis said.
;;-0.1436;;conceding that dam regulation through water discharge alone cannot be a solution to tackle floods, fadnavis said there was a need for a robust, long-term mechanism.
;;0.0;;the project will bring in investment and also open up new avenues for employment generation, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;similarly, sable who two days ago had met fadnavis in mumbai, said, the cm has categorically told me that the three names that he had nominated as co-opted corporators will remain and there will not be any change in them.
;;0.5719;;fadnavis said, the success of jalyukta shivar is public partnership.
;;0.2263;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had claimed tuesday that maharashtra signed mous worth rs 16 lakh crore at the summit, including rs 12.
;;0.5574;;fadnavis said that, as part of the plan, students of agriculture colleges would be required to send agro advisories to farmers, collect data and ensure that a proper mechanism was created to disseminate information to farmers at the ground-level.
;;0.5423;;the students will be responsible for sending agro advisories to farmers, data collection and ensuring all the agriculture related schemes and policies reach farmers, fadnavis said.
;;0.2732;;we need to create a mechanism for information dissemination and proper communication on the ground, fadnavis said.
;;0.0258;;with this, we can reach out to farmers, have speedy communication, and do various interventions, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has said that the commission shall look into waiving of loans of farmers who have smaller lands.
;;-0.8687;;fadnavis, in his reply, said that he was deeply anguished by the loss of lives in the (malad) tragedy.
;;-0.3182;;fadnavis also announced assistance to those who have lost lives in rain-related incidents in kalyan and pune.
;;-0.3818;;advertisingunprecedented rain event, says cmcountering the oppositions charge that the downpour had exposed the lack of preparedness of civic agencies, the cm said, the city saw an unprecedented rain event yesterday (monday) night.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis, who had visited the disaster management cell in the morning, claimed that the rainwater had receded faster than before in chronic waterlogging areas.
;;0.0516;;until then, well need to take extra caution in vulnerable areas, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;b'chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday there is a need to change the perception of politicians in the peoples mind.
;;0.0772;;advertisingat a meeting held in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis also said that the decrease in medical seats in open category due to reservation for various social communities in the state will be compensated by increasing the number of seats.
;;0.0;;besides, obc and open category students get scholarship for education in foreign universities, the cm said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently said the bjp was planning to field someone from the wanaga family in the by-election.
;;0.5106;;referring to the health camps, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said, one lakh people were given free treatment in beed.
;;0.5106;;(source: file photo) referring to the health camps, maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis said, one lakh people were given free treatment in beed.
;;-0.5423;;invoking chhatrapati shivaji while addressing the bjp workers in thane, the cm said they will come to know about their enemy at appropriate time.
;;0.4019;;let me tell you that the talks are going on in the right direction and the party leaders will take a proper decision in this regard, fadnavis told a concluding session of bjp state executive meeting in thane.
;;0.3182;;on distribution of tickets for elections, the cm said only those aspirants having potential to get elected and acceptable by citizens would only be given tickets.
;;0.5242;;watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsreacting to the development, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: parivartan is inevitable, irrespective of those who join or dont in our fight for transparency and accountable administration for larger public welfare.
;;-0.296;;khadses remarks came hours after fadnavis said there was no question of interfering or intervening in the agencys probe, and that the agency had been on the case for over three months.
;;0.128;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said the government had roped in three private legal firms to assist in drafting rules and laws for the state.
;;0.4215;;in order to help the department with these matters, these entities have been empanelled by the state government, fadnavis said in a written reply to to a question raised in the legislative council.
;;0.7003;;advertisingreached for comment, fadnavis said, the government has only given in-principle approval to survey the foreshore land and to give cadastral survey number to the land parcel determined as a result of the survey.
;;0.3818;;speaking at the event, fadnavis said, to promote electric fleet, we have waived vat, road tax, and registration for all electric vehicles in the state, and we look forward to building maharashtra as a model state for others to emulate in future.
;;0.0;;however, slamming pawar for his remarks, fadnavis said the rajya sabha member was not expected to stoop down to this level.
;;-0.34;;nagpur metro has set an example for the nation as there was no dispute at all during land acquisition & i thank all the nagpurians for that, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;minutes after patil joined the party, fadnavis said the bjp had been trying to rope him in for the last five years.
;;0.0;;i can say with conviction that this will be the biggest loan waiver in maharashtras history, fadnavis told reporters.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said that 300 agricultural produce market committees (apmc) out of the states 307 were operational on monday.
;;-0.6124;;we will demand a rate at which there will be no revenue loss to the state in the gst regime, said fadnavis, replying to a discussion on the bill in the legislative council.
;;0.0;;the finance minister has sought the advice of economic and financial experts, fadnavis later told the indian express.
;;-0.4588;;the new regime stresses on electronic compliance and will plug these leakages, fadnavis said in the legislative council.
;;0.5574;;the cm further said that the new regime might work to the states advantage since the centre would now pass on taxation benefits for services to the state.
;;0.6249;;they will review the situation and see what else can be done to ensure relief to affected villages, fadnavis had said after a cabinet meeting last week.
;;0.7717;;meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said he held talks with union minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and union home minister rajnath singh to convey the strong sentiments of people of state about delivering justice to jadhav.
;;-0.5696;;in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , city ncp chief and rajya sabha mp vandana chavan said the maps published by the pmc on the development plan of the city are not clear and are in black-and-white format, making them difficult for residents to understand.
