;;-0.4767;;talking to reporters after the session ended this evening, fadnavis said the opposition was badly mauled by the recent electoral losses, and could not face the ruling party in the legislature.
;;0.7717;;i wish the god gives them good sense, the cm said.
;;0.1901;;to the question why bjp can grant farm loan waiver in uttar pradesh but not in maharashtra, fadnavis said the situation varied from state to state.
;;0.0258;;on reports about a possible reshuffle of shiv sena ministers in his cabinet, fadnavis said it would be sena's internal matter and the prerogative of sena chief uddhav thackeray.
;;-0.6908;;to the question whether loan waiver is bad economics, fadnavis said it has no fiscal prudence.
;;0.9325;;he was a great writer who had beautifully created some best books about rural social life,fadnavis said in a statement.
;;0.0;;this is driving the leaders to the bjp, fadnavis said.
;;0.34;;fadnavis earlier said his 'mahajanadesh yatra (mega mandate march) is aimed at giving an account to people of the state what the bjp-led government did in last five years.
;;0.0;;later, fadnavis, who holds the home portfolio, said the government will consider all demands of the families of police personnel.
;;-0.8176;;i will not speak more (on what fadnavis said) because i will also suffer from a sore throat, he said, in a veiled reference to fadnavis drinking water twice during his speech last night due to a sore throat.
;;0.0;;mandir banayenge, par kab banayenge (you will build the temple, but when), the sena chief said.
;;0.0;;as far as i remember, there were 3-4 such incidents wherein we were sidelined, fadnavis told reporters at his official residence.
;;0.0516;;asked about the aggressive campaigning across mumbai, fadnavis said, from day one as a chief minister, i have been looking into the issues of mumbai and trying to solve them.
;;0.0;;why so much expenditure and so little result, fadnavis asked.
;;0.4588;;speaking at aaj tak manthan, fadnavis said, my wife is an independent individual and acts according to her intellect.
;;-0.128;;also read: veer savarkar's statue installed at delhi university blackened by nsui presidenttalking to reporters here, fadnavis also said that stern action will be taken in the matter, and added that nobody should create law and order problems.
;;-0.6597;;it is my view nobody should provoke and behave in a way that will pose problems to law and order situation, fadnavis said.
;;-0.2732;;by express news servicemumbai: while stressing that both the principal opposition parties, the congress and the ncp, have lost steam and the vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) under prakash ambedkar is emerging up as a major opposition force, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said that the next opposition leader in maharashtra assembly will be from vba.
;;-0.3818;;our primary fight is with the vba and most probably the leader of the opposition after the assembly poll would be from the vba, fadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;regarding the proposal of dissolving narayan ranes party into the bjp, the decision would be taken after due consultation with the shiv sena leadership, fadnavis said.
;;0.5423;;there were claims and counter-claims between the maharashtra housing development authority (mhada) and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) regarding the structure throughout the day even as chief minister devendrafadnavis said the first priority is to save lives.
;;-0.0258;;fadnavis said the scope of the term 'hurt' is well defined and there is no room for any misuse of the law.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the new airport project, to be named after chhatrapati sambhaji raje, in october 2016.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has already said loan waiver to farmers will be considered at an appropriate time.
;;-0.296;;however, one person is still missing, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the reporters.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who addressed the newly elected bjp corporators on monday, told them that they should try to change the system instead of being a part of it.
;;0.0;;yet the city is not fully developed, fadnavis said at a bjp function.
;;-0.4767;;to another query about who says sorry first in case of argument between the couple at home, devendrafadnavis said, the fact of life is that husband has to say sorry first.
;;0.0;;ever since we have moved here in mumbai, we have never gone out for a movie, devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.5267;;also read | selfie row: maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis defends wife, says she has own intellectto another query about who attends the parent-teacher meetings at their daughter's school or whether the principal himself comes to `varsha' (official residence of the chief minister), devendrafadnavis said their high-profile position does not mean they get any relaxation in norms.
;;-0.3182;;we have decided to appoint a committee to prepare modalities of the loan waiver with representatives of farmers to ensure maximum coverage, fadnavis said, while addressing a gathering at gopinath-gad in beed district after paying tribute to the late bjp leader gopinath munde on his death anniversary.
;;0.4215;;i got opportunity to work very closely with him, fadnavis said.
;;-0.296;;addressing a press conference here, chief minister devendrafadnavis said a committee will ascertain causes for the unprecedented floods and suggest measures to avoid their recurrence.
;;-0.296;;a committee is being set up under the chairmanship of a retired state government officer, nandkumar wadnere, to study the reasons for the deluge and suggest steps to avoid its recurrence in the future, fadnavis said.
;;0.0323;;we will take up this matter with the centre, fadnavis said.
;;0.3818;;the beneficiaries of prime minister awas yojana, who lost their houses due to the floods, will get a new house as well as rs 1 lakh as cash assistance, fadnavis said.
;;0.0258;;once the report is received, a team to survey the areas will reach maharashtra and this will be followed by (release) of the assistance, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;we are not against loan waiver but we are deliberating on when and how it should be done, fadnavis said in a statement made at the assembly.
;;0.0;;out of the total loan, rs 31,057 crore is overdue and rs 30,500 crore is outdated, fadnavis said.
;;-0.5267;;since the loan waiver of 2008-09, 16,000 farmers have committed suicide, fadnavis said.
;;0.4019;;by ptimumbai: the number of seats meant for the general category students in degree and post-graduate medical courses would be increased to compensate for the decline in the number of seats caused by quota offered to various communities, chief minister devendrafadnavis said sunday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis told the media after a review meeting with union minister for urban development m venkaiah naidu that the rollout would happen by oct.
;;-0.4767;;fadnavis said the current violent protests by farmers are being instigated by political parties.
;;-0.1531;;the apparent thaw in sena's aggressive stand vis-a-vis the bjp came a day after fadnavis announced the bjp will not field its nominees for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor of mumbai in the mayoral election, scheduled this week.
;;0.0;;fadnavis further said the state has collaborated with the world economic forum for fourth industrial revolution and has started a pilot project to introduce drones in agriculture.
;;-0.7351;;the quantum of punishment has been increased and attacks on doctors made a non-bailable offence, the cm said.
;;-0.872;;we will try to see that attacks on doctors do not happen and if it happens the perpetrators will be punished severely, the cm said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said the building was around 100 years old.
;;0.296;;fadnavis asked the education department to issue instructions to universities to accept fees by cheque instead of dd and pay order.
;;0.0;;asked if the seat talks with the bjp are on track, the sena chief said, im waiting for the chief minister to draw up a list of shiv sena candidates and the seats we should contest.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra cabinet will be expanded on sunday and a final meeting on the ministers to be inducted will be held later saturday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in delhi.
;;0.0;;i have had one meeting (on cabinet expansion) and the final meeting will be held tonight, the maharashta cm said.
;;0.7506;;fadnavis last month said the bjp will be happy if bhosale joins the ruling party.
;;-0.0516;;looking in direction of vikhe patil, fadnavis said, since we both are together, you stand no chance (to return to power).
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the decision announced by him and uddhav thackeray on the shiv sena-bjp alliance formula was final, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said sunday.
;;-0.6597;;also read: disappointed at being ignored in bjp-sena alliance: union minister ramdas athawaleasked about it, fadnavis said, any statement made by patil or kadam which differs from the decision announced by me and uddhav thackeray should not be taken into consideration.
;;0.34;;while announcing the alliance, fadnavis and thackeray had only said that all posts would be shared equally.
;;0.3818;;it has the power to enable inclusive growth and to transform the state into a digitally empowered society, said maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;0.6124;;the works of prime minister narendra modi and his appeal among the people have worked for us this time and we have secured a huge victory, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;reacting sena leader sanjay raut's reported statement made today that fadnavis government was serving a notice period, the cm said we don't work on notice.
;;0.7913;;we are in alliance with shiv sena in the state, but we will not require their support in the bmc and we will win comfortably, fadnavis said in an interaction with city journalists organised by the mumbai hindi patrakar sangh.
;;0.4019;;the cm said in the assembly polls of 2014, we showed them our capabilities and therefore, we will not require shiv sena support in bmc.
;;0.0;;i am told the (indian) government is working to bring him back, fadnavis told media.
;;0.0;;the state government is working on the mission on priority basis and the target will be achieved a year in advance, fadnavis said.
;;0.6249;;enumerating schemes undertaken by the government to ensure that everybody is included under formal housing schemes for rural areas, fadnavis said these houses would have all facilities like toilet and gas.
;;0.0;;the cm announced that a price stabilisation fund of rs 1,000 crore is being set up for this.
;;0.0;;making a statement in the legislative assembly, fadnavis said, enough is enough.
;;-0.8442;;terming the attitude of doctors as insensitive, fadnavis said he failed to understand the attitude of leaving patients to die.
;;0.0258;;fadnavis said, among the demands accepted was security audit of hospitals and access control to opd, casualty and other wards.
;;0.5719;;and i am sure, we will secure big majority out of it, fadnavis said, without naming the shiv sena.
;;-0.6124;;also read: why worry if you have done no wrong, says maharashtra cm fadnavis to mns chief raj thackeray on ed noticefadnavis claimed that people feel the bjp-led government alone can fulfill their aspirations and therefore, his yatra has been receiving huge response.
;;-0.4767;;fadnavis said he covered 10 districts as part of the 'mahajanadesh yatra' before it was suspended in view of the flood situation in western maharashtra earlier this month.
;;0.0;;in the third phase, fadnavis said, he will cover konkan and western maharashtra districts between september 13 and 19.
;;0.0;;the government is following all statutory provisions and is working strictly according to the law, said fadnavis, speaking in the assembly.
;;-0.1027;;while replying to questions regarding the recommendations, cm fadnavis said that in the drought-hit areas, huge amount of water is spent on sugarcane which leads to problems for other farmers.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also said that due to water constraints, sugarcane farmers will have to follow drip irrigation and the state government will provide 80 per cent subsidy for it.
;;-0.0258;;fadnavis said it is certain that the bjp will have an alliance with the shiv sena for the lok sabha elections in maharashtra, which sends 48 members, the second highest, to the lower house of parliament.
;;0.3818;;on differences between khotkar and maharashtra bjp president raosaheb danve, fadnavis said, i have come (to (jalna) to resolve differences.
;;0.0;;however, in maharashtra everyone would get house by the end of 2019, fadnavis said.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis told the lower house that he has directed state chief secretary sumit mallik to speak to his counterpart in up to find out details of the loan waiver announced by the up government.
;;0.0;;we have (already) begun the work, fadnavis said while interacting with select media persons monday night.
;;-0.8834;;terming the last week's accident as unfortunate, fadnavis said, initial probe into it has suggested that the accident took place after the boat operator took a short cut en route to the memorial site.
;;0.1326;;farmers have not committed any crime but have brought about a revolution, the sena chief said.
;;-0.5994;;farmers in maharashtra, who had been on a war path from june 1 to press for their various demands, had on june 11 called off their stir after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced loan waiver for them.
;;0.3612;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the state government shall complete all the legalities to be able to grant the reservation quota to the maratha community by the end of this month, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday even as sources within the government have indicated that the maharashtra state backward caste commission is likely to submit its report on maratha community to the state government on thursday.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis, who was at akola to review drought condition, told the reporters that the government will complete all legal formalities by the end of november to grant maratha community their due reservation quota.
;;0.2732;;we are committed to give reservation quota to the maratha community that will withstand the scrutiny by the court, fadnavis had said earlier this year.
;;0.0;;during the state bjp's executive meet on sunday, fadnavis said the yatra will not affect governance.
;;-0.2263;;when ajit pawar asked if a member can quit as an mla and become a minister in the government during the same term, fadnavis said there is no law which prevents a member to resignas legislator and become a minister in the same term.
;;0.4019;;addressing a gathering in sangamner in ahmednagar district, fadnavis said the problem was not in the evms but in the khopdi (head) of these parties.
;;0.6486;;listing the achievements of his government, fadnavis said he may not have been able to do everything that he promised, but he has definitely done more than what the previous congress-ncp government managed.
;;0.5267;;this brave heart had joined #bsf in 2008, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on twitter while paying tributes to the braveheart.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said marathas will be provided reservations over and above the existing 52 per cent quota.
;;0.0;;an sc judgement says that in case of an extraordinary situation, the quota limit can be extended provided the sbcc makes such a recommendation, fadnavis said.
;;0.2732;;on media reports that the government told the bombay high court that it had accepted sbcc's recommendations and not the report, fadnavis said as per the law, the government has to take a decision as per the recommendations.
;;0.7579;;we received a positive response from the central team and hope the union government would take necessary steps at the earliest, the cm said after the meeting.
;;0.0;;reacting to the development, fadnavis had said change will happen in the state, irrespective of whoever came along with the bjp, while maharashtra bjp chief raosaheb danve had asserted that the state government will complete its full term.
;;0.4404;;the sena chief said if at all an alliance with bjp for the bmc (brihan mumbai municipal corporation) polls materialises, good suggestions by the ally will also be incorporated in the manifesto.
;;0.5719;;pawar said fadnavis had asked people to celebrate for his government passing a law on 16 per cent reservation to the maratha community.
;;0.836;;by ptimumbai: indicating that hopes of forging a fresh alliance with the shiv sena are dim, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said sunday the bjp should aim to win 40 of the 48 lok sabha seats in the state.
;;0.7351;;but the bjp should aim to win 40 out of 48 lok sabha seats in the state, fadnavis said.
;;0.743;;if the workers resolve, all these four lok sabha seats can be won, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;world bank's ceo devendrafadnavis said climate change is not only happening, it is happening faster than we thought it would.
;;0.6249;;fadnavis said, the leaders, in whose areas, the party fares badly will be relieved of their ministerial obligations so that they can concentrate on their district more and can serve people better.
;;0.0;;i have personally held 62 rallies, while bjp's state unit chief raosaheb danve has held 50, pankaja munde organised some 40 rallies, while chandrakant patil and sudhir mungantiwar held 30 rallies each across the state, fadnavis said.
;;0.2732;;commenting on the kind of language being used by shiv sena and bjp against each other, fadnavis said, i maintained certain decency during the whole campaign.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the conditions and details of the scheme would be finalised by the committee.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had on friday announced the formation of the six-member committee to look into the various demands of farmers, including the loan waiver.
;;0.7845;;we are proud of them and we will strive hard for safety and security of our state, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here friday.
;;0.0;;sanjay raut (file | pti)his response came after fadnavis said the bjp wont enter into an alliance with the congress at any point or at any cost.
;;0.4404;;justifying his intervention in defusing the stand-off over the film, fadnavis had said the issue could be resolved because the producers guild and mns were on the same lines, expressing solidarity with the indian army.
;;0.6997;;secondly, they have recommended that reservation in government jobs and education be granted to the community and thirdly the commission has very clearly described how this amounts to an exceptional and extraordinary situation, fadnavis said after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.0;;when asked about it, fadnavis said that a cabinet sub-committee has been formed to study the report of the backward class commission and decide the course of further action.
;;0.5574;;on queries regarding whether the quota will be granted under the other backward class (obc) category, fadnavis said that it would be placed under a new category and when asked whether the bill has to be referred to the national backward class commission (ncbc) he made it clear that the state government had sought advocate genera's opinion on this and he has opined that once the bill is tabled in the assembly that reference won't be needed.
;;0.2263;;mumbai: the bjp unit in maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today.
;;0.2363;;if someone wants to impel us to go for mid-term polls, i am confident we will be able to form the government again, fadnavis told reporters here without naming any party.
;;-0.5267;;the maharashtra cm claimed the previous congress governments at the centre and in maharashtra had coined the phrase hindu terror as part of their vote-bank politics.
;;-0.8442;;this had caused resentment among a minority community as the congress government had failed to justify these arrests, fadnavis said.
;;-0.2023;;, i have already said that pragya should not have given such a controversial statement, the maharashtra cm said.
;;0.0;;however, it is unlikely that the whole of rs 31,000 crore loan amount would be waived off, though chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the waiver would be historic.
;;-0.7906;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative assembly that criminal cases will be filed against builders who have undertaken illegal construction.
;;-0.4215;;action will also be taken against guilty officials, fadnavis said, while replying to a discussion on a calling attention notice.
;;0.396;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the bjp would neither field its nominee in the mayoral poll, nor would it demand chairmanship of standing committee or improvements committee in the civic body, paving the way for sena to install its nominee as the mayor.
;;0.5994;;referring to the induction of several political leaders into the bjp, fadnavis said, bjp is not going behind anybody pleading them to join the party.
;;0.3818;;by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government will strive to ensure that the rehabilitation of the flood-affected people in the state is done in record time, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here on thursday.
;;0.7184;;various government agencies, including ndrf, sdrf, navy, iaf, army, coast guard successfully rescued and evacuated over five lakh people from the flood-hit areas of the state in the last 10 to 15 days, fadnavis said.
;;0.7003;;highlighting his government's performance over the last five years, fadnavis said sincere efforts have been made to make a positive change in the lives of citizens cutting across the sections of the society.
;;0.0;;we have been facing drought for the last three consecutive years, fadnavis said.
;;0.5267;;fadnavis said maharashtra has maintained its numero uno position in the fields of industrial investment, fdi under his leadership and also implemented various schemes for social justice.
;;-0.4767;;#maharashtra cabinet 10 per cent reservation for the economically poor in maharashtra, fadnavis said on twitter.
;;-0.802;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced a compensation of rs five lakh for the kin of those killed in the incident and rs 50,000 for the injured persons.
;;0.0;;mumbai: the maharashtra government could spend only 45  of total budgetary allocation made for fiscal 2017 as the model code of conduct was in force for four months in entire year, chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
;;0.0;;there was a model code of conduct in effect for four months in entire maharashtra in whole year, hence the state (government) could spend only 45  of its budgetary allocation for the financial year 2016-17, fadnavis told pti.
;;-0.1531;;it affected our (budgetary) expenditure, the cm said.
;;0.5242;;reacting to the development, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: parivartan is inevitable, irrespective of those who join or dont in our fight for transparency and accountable administration for larger public welfare.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
;;0.6249;;by ptimumbai: amruta fadnavis, the wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , said monday that she was ready to apologise after a video, showing her clicking a selfie sitting on the edge of a cruise ship, went viral.
;;0.6705;;we would like the opposition to join hands with us to solve the problems plaguing the state, fadnavis said, while addressing the media after the customary tea party on the eve of assembly session.
;;0.4588;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had told reporters in akola on wednesday that his government would complete all legal formalities by the end of november to grant reservations to the maratha community.
;;0.0;;by ptinagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here friday.
;;0.4215;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said each flood-hit family in the state will be given rs 5,000 cash while rest of the financial assistance will be deposited in their respective bank accounts.
;;0.34;;mumbai: shiv senas vishwanath mahadeshwar was formally elected as mumbais new mayor on wednesday after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced on saturday that the bjp will not field its candidate in the election and would play the role of a watchdog of transparency.
;;0.0;;by ptimumbai: the country's economy is passing through a slowdown, but it will bounce back within three to six months due to various decisions taken by the union government, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday.
;;0.0;;the centre has taken several initiatives to put the economy back on track and the result would be seen in the next couple of months, fadnavis said.
;;0.1027;;on a question about the contentious national register of citizens (nrc) exercise in assam, fadnavis said it was a registry of indians, and would protect the country from infiltrators.
;;0.0;;we made our schools digital and imparted training to teachers due to which reverse migration from private (schools) to government schools has happened, fadnavis claimed.
;;0.5423;;by ptinagpur: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced that paddy farmers in the state will get a bonus of rs 500 per quintal for the crop.
;;0.6956;;but, the bjp-led government gave rs 200 bonus per quintal for paddy crop every year, irrespective of polls, fadnavis said addressing a gathering at sakoli taluka in bhandara district on saturday.
;;-0.296;;meanwhile, fadnavis also said that no lease will be recovered for fishing in lakes up to 500 hectare area.
;;-0.6597;;by ptimumbai: the capsizing of a boat in arabian sea off the mumbai coast wednesday could have turned into a major tragedy had the indian navy and coast guard not acted quickly, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said while ordering a probe into the mishap that claimed one life.
;;-0.5994;;fadnavis also announced a financial aid of rs 5 lakh to the family of a man who drowned in the afternoon incident that occurred when officials were on their way to the site of the proposed sea memorial of maratha king chhatrapti shivaji, where work was to begin wednesday.
;;0.0;;the state government will conduct an inquiry into the incident, fadnavis told reporters here.
;;-0.8689;;expressing deep grief and condolences to the family of the deceased, identified as siddhesh pawar, fadnavis said, the maharashtra government declares an assistance of rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased in this unfortunate accident.
;;-0.128;;speaking to reporters on the eve of the monsoon session of the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis said, we have tried to strike a regional balance.
;;0.0;;refuting claims that the new cabinet appointments have been made with an eye on the forthcoming assembly elections, fadnavis said that his government has already started planning for another term, and, hence, the cabinet expansion should be seen as an attempt to build a new team for another five years.
;;0.1027;;they (the ministers) tendered their resignations, which were accepted, the cm said.
;;0.0;;all the new ministers are experienced, fadnavis said of the inductees.
;;0.4019;;however, the party felt the need for change and hence, we brought in new faces, the cm said.
;;0.2732;;my government is committed to providing reservation to the maratha community under the socially and educationally backward community (sebc)category over and above the existing 52 per cent reservation in the state, fadnavis said.
;;-0.1779;;accusing the opposition of indulging in politics, fadnavis said he can give a political response to such acts.
;;0.4404;;fadnavis has asked people to rejoice on december 1.
;;0.0;;at a small function held at his official residence varsha, cm fadnavis announced the financial closure of the project.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on tuesday that the state government will seek the assistance of rs 6,813 crore from the centre for flood relief.
;;-0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said in gadchiroli the maharashtra dgp is examining if there was any lapse that led to the deadly naxal attack.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters after paying tributes to the martyred policemen, fadnavis said the state dgp himself is probing the incident and will check if there were any lapses.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said he has been informed that work for the new centre will start within a month.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had announced setting up of such a state-level task force to curb malnutrition in maharashtra in september.
;;0.6705;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state government is committed to stand by the sugar mills in the state and will extend all the possible support.
;;0.6597;;the government is ready to recruit an additional 1,100 security guards within a fortnight and a legal cell would be formed to provide free legal aid to doctors in case of assault, the cm had said.
;;0.0;;we shall set up a committee for the purpose which will include farmers' representatives and take a decision by october 31, fadnavis told mediapersons after the meeting.
;;0.4588;;the developments came a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that maharashtra government will come out with a loan waiver before october 31, which will benefit 1.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said he would take steps to release water immediately, while asking us release water to the drought-hit areas around the jatt region in maharashtra from the dams of karnataka.
;;-0.4215;;while stating that maharashtra has already released water in large quantities to karnataka thrice during summer months, fadnavis said karnataka should work out a permanent solution with maharashtra to tide over the crisis once and for all.
;;0.0;;|reutersmumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that his administration is trying to bring all government services on to the smartphone to effect the massive digital transformation which the state is slated to achieve in the next few years.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis said his government wants to transform education and the healthcare sector and also transform cities as equal number of population lives in both urban and rural areas.
;;0.4404;;the coe in mumbai, will serve as a research platform to design, develop and test new capabilities to deliver better government to citizen (g2c) and government to business (g2b) services, fadnavis said.
;;0.5859;;people are attracted to bjp due to prime minister narendra modi's vision, fadnavis said.
;;-0.6892;;js charset=utf-8></script>earlier in the day, fadnavis said the doctors will not be forgiven if the people have to suffer as all their demands are being met by the government.
;;0.1779;;abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: politicians from other parties are joining the bjp to take the development to the people and not for any post, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on wednesday as several opposition leaders, including the four mlas who had resigned from the assembly on tuesday, joined the bjp.
;;0.4215;;the leaders who are connected with the people, too, have realised this and hence are joining the bjp to take this development to the people in their respective areas, said fadnavis, and announced that he is embarking on the maha janadesh yatra from thursday.
;;-0.5994;;after talks with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, the entire process has been stalled, chief minister devendrafadnavis told the lower house of the state legislature after protesters shouted slogans against the proposed mega refinery project from the visitors gallery.
;;-0.1531;;addressing a gathering on the occasion, fadnavis said a lot of crime presently was being carried out using online tools and there was a need to tackle them effectively.
;;0.743;;the government is of the view that the opposition is necessary for a healthy democracy and hence is positive about revoking the suspension, fadnavis told the legislative council.
;;0.5574;;this time too we (ruling and opposition parties) had a positive discussion over the issue in the chairmans chamber, devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;we shall set up a committee for the purpose which will include farmers' representatives and take a decision by october 31, fadnavis told mediapersons after the meeting.
;;0.0;;by ptiwashington: the maharashtra government is aspiring to make the state the first trillion-dollar economy by 2025, five years early, by investing in infrastructure, agriculture and services and by leveraging foreign investments in various sectors, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0772;;we want (maharashtra) to become a trillion-dollar economy by 2025, fadnavis told a washington audience here at an event organised jointly by india initiative of the georgetown university and the center for strategic and international studies (csis).
;;0.25;;ahead of the assembly elections in 2019, fadnavis said he would come out with a new vision document for the state.
;;0.9052;;i dedicate this award to the people of maharashtra who put all their faith in me and my party and gave me this opportunity to govern the second largest state of india, which is also powerhouse of india, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;in his remarks, fadnavis said in just three years, 11,000 villages of the state have been made drought-proof.
;;0.7845;;with an emphasis on further development of mumbai and other townships, fadnavis said his government has supported private-public partnerships to promote this growth.
;;0.0;;we have ordered inspection into all such private residential schools and shall not spare anybody, said chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also announced schemes where ebc students of small and marginal land holding farmers will get rs 30,000 per year for dormitory, food allowance, and materials at major cities.
;;0.6597;;maharashtra stands united, irrespective of political leanings, to resolve social issues, fadnavis said, thanking the opposition for passing the bill unanimously.
;;0.6705;;speaking on the occasion, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said: my vision for digital maharashtra is to digitally empower every citizen and increase the state's global competitiveness by creating a highly skilled workforce.
;;0.0;;today is a historic moment in the process of its completion, fadnavis said.
;;-0.0772;;except 63 cases of serious nature, the process has been initiated to withdraw all the cases, fadnavis told the state assembly.
;;-0.802;;fadnavis, who was replying to several queries by legislators regarding the assurances given by the state government regarding withdrawal of cases after maratha agitation and bhima koregaon strike violence, told the house that of the 543 cases filed against maratha agitators, the process to withdraw 66 cases is in the last stage.
;;0.128;;yet, the families can't be made to suffer and hence the government has decided to give them adequate compensation as relief measure, fadnavis told the house.
;;0.3612;;when the alliance was sealed ahead of the lok sabha polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that in the assembly polls, the bjp and shiv sena would share an equal number of seats after distributing seats to smaller allies.
;;-0.5267;;on monday, addressing a rally as part of his yatra in ahmednagar, fadnavis said the bjp-led nda will continue to remain in power for another 25 years as people have understood arrogance of power of the congress and the ncp.
;;-0.434;;meanwhile in mumbai, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state government wont allow any rallies that are meant to divide society and undermine law and order in the state.
;;0.1531;;fadnavis had said on thursday that he had requested his karnataka counterpart to discharge 5 lakh cusecs, a demand which he has agreed to.
;;-0.2732;;the cm had said discharge from the almatti dam will result in drop in water level in kolhapur and sangli district in western maharashtra.
;;0.0;;also read: announcement made by me and uddhav thackeray final: cm fadnavis on shiv sena-bjp poll pactthe cm asked all the elected representatives to attend the ongoing budget session during discussions on supplementary demands and drought.
;;0.0;;almost 99 per cent farmers have received money into their bank accounts, the cm claimed.
;;0.25;;the reservation will be granted to the community under a new category, 'socially and educationally backward class', as per the recommendation of the commission, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said sunday.
;;0.4767;;addressing a meeting here to mark 37th foundation day of the bjp, fadnavis said atal bihari vajpayee gave a direction to the party in the 1980s, and it reached the peak under narendra modi's leadership.
;;0.5499;;but when individuals became bigger than the party and ideology, people found an alternative in the bjp, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;a joint drafting committee too has been set up to draft a new lokayukta bill which will be introduced in the next session of the state assembly, fadnavis said asking hazare to end fast.
;;0.0;;sompal would work on it further as hazares representative, fadnavis said.
;;-0.8271;;fadnavis, who himself is grappled with a simmering farmers' protest in his state for quite some time now, said there could be no justification for such killings.
;;-0.1779;;and due to those droughts, yes, there is a distress amongst farmers, fadnavis said.
;;-0.6124;;noting that during a small span of vijayan's rule, 17 political murders took place in kerala, fadnavis said such incidents have never happened in indian democracy.
;;-0.8271;;also read: shiv sena raises tigress avni killing issue in cabinet meet, seeks probespeaking to select mediapersons recently, mungantiwar claimed when he called up thackeray to convey his disappointment over the latter's remarks, the sena chief told him that union minister maneka gandhi had asked him to do so.
;;0.0;;they should be removed, the sena chief said.
;;0.0;;many unlawful activities have been pointed out pertaining to the organisation of which dr. zakir naik is a leader, fadnavis told ani.
;;-0.5719;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio said a probe has been initiated to crackdown the attackers.
;;0.6124;;fadnavis, who was sent by his party to hyderabad, claimed that there were no procedural lapses in the deals execution, and the fighter jets had been bought at a better price than the french company had sought a few years ago.
;;0.1027;;fadnavis claimed that it was the subsequent upa government which had introduced the an offset clause in the defence procurement procedure.
;;-0.6369;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked ally shiv sena to stop attacking prime minister narendra modi, cautioning that it will only boomerang on it.
;;-0.4404;;the sena should refrain from criticising the prime minister, but i am ok with their criticism, fadnavis told pti in an interview.
;;0.7579;;we received a positive response from the central team and hope the union government would take necessary steps at the earliest, the cm said after the meeting.
;;0.0;;making a statement in the legislative assembly, fadnavis said, enough is enough.
;;-0.8442;;fadnavis said he failed to understand the insensitive attitude of doctors of leaving patients to die.
;;0.0258;;fadnavis said among their demands that have been accepted, include security audit of hospitals and access control to opd, casualty and other wards.
;;0.0;;speaking in the assembly earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that marathas will be provided reservation over and above the existing 52 per cent quota in the state.
;;0.6369;;information on security and safety aspects related to the project need to be given, fadnavis said while indicating that work on the project can start as early as next year.
;;-0.6705;;fadnavis said there was water-logging in some low- lying areas of mumbai also.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier in the day announced rs 5 lakh to the kin of each deceased.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government feels marathas are a socially and educationally backward class on basis of quantifiable data studied by the commission.
;;-0.7717;;on the simmering protests in kerala over the cattle trade ban, fadnavis said the bjp had no intention to interfere in the food habits of the people.
;;-0.5346;;terming the death of farmers in madhya pradesh as an unfortunate incident, fadnavis said the prices of crops are not decided by the government, but the global market.
;;0.3182;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had monday announced that the proposed refinery project would be shifted elsewhere to a place acceptable to the people.
;;0.0;;the ncp chief further said he had raised some issues on august 14 during his visit to flood-ravaged kolhapur district and observed that the cabinet sub-committee had taken some policy decisions on those.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis also said a committee will ascertain causes for the unprecedented floods and suggest measures to avoid their recurrence.
;;0.5423;;the government is committed to giving reservation to the maratha community and we will place atr before tabling the (maratha reservation) bill, fadnavis said tuesday.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said he learnt about the ed notice to thackeray from the media.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters at his official residence 'varsha' here, fadnavis said, i am as much aware of the ed notice to raj as much as you (reporters) are.
;;-0.4019;;also read: il&fs probe - ed summons mns chief raj thackeray, party dubs it 'political vendetta'on the mns' threat of organising street protests against what the party claimed was political vendetta, the cm said there was no need to create trouble for people.
;;0.0;;carving out small states is a subject handled by the centre, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters in latur district during his ongoing 'mahajanadesh yatra', fadnavis also said he is a hindutvawadi person but with a scientific mindset.
;;-0.5256;;to a query on it, fadnavis said, mob lynching is inhuman and it is absolutely wrong.
;;0.2732;;when a reporter asked whether he, representing a hindutvawadi party, was considering financial aid for those performing 'yagnas' (ritual in front of sacred fire often with mantras) for good rainfall, fadnavis said, i am a hindutvawadi person but with a scientific temperament.
;;0.0;;terming thackeray as his elder brother, fadnavis during the function on wednesday said the bjp-sena alliance will have a thumping victory in the coming state assembly polls, and that the issue of who will become chief minister and who will become deputy chief minister was secondary.
;;0.7096;;fadnavis said people's participation was of utmost importance for an initiative like this, and hailed aamir and his team for their efforts.
;;0.1531;;as per the preliminary information, crops on 27,468 hectares of area and 484 km of roads have been affected due to floods, fadnavis said, adding that once the water level reduces, priority would be given to restoring and repairing water supply and electricity connections.
;;0.0;;read| devendrafadnavis says nda will remain in power for another 25 yearsunder the marathwada water grid, dams will be interlinked and water will be taken to villages.
;;0.0;;these two schemes will make marathwada's drought history, fadnavis said.
;;0.128;;on ncp mp supriya sule's 'sanvad' campaign, fadnavis said, they (the ncp) should have had launched sanvad campaign when they were in power (from 1999 to 2014).
;;0.7906;;meanwhile, fadnavis, who launched the antyodaya yojana, said the drive aimed at facilitating the benefits transfer of government schemes faster and aims at reaching the maximum number of beneficiaries.
;;0.6597;;the party president will take a final call on the alliance with shiv sena, fadnavis told party workers.
;;0.0;;talking about the bjp-led government's performance in the last four and a half years, fadnavis said that potholes of the last 60 years cannot be fixed within five years.
;;0.0;;ncp chief sharad pawar, who had served as union agriculture minister, also did not implement the report, fadnavis said.
;;0.765;;while the alliance between the bjp and the shiv sena was finalized ahead of lok sabha elections, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that after deducting the share of smaller parties, rest of the seats would be equally distributed within the two major parties.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had last week said that the deadline for first take-off from the airport is being renewed to mid-2020 from the earlier deadline of december 2019.
;;0.128;;fadnavis said his government had launched several mega infrastructure projects in and around mumbai metropolitan region (mmr), adding that the state, in the next five years, would contribute over 20 per cent in the overall economy of the country in the next, which itself aims to be a usd 5 trillion economy by then.
;;0.8625;;speaking on the occasion, the cm asked bjp workers and leaders to pursue a target of getting 50 per cent of votes, and expressed hope that the bjp-shiv sena alliance would win the forthcoming assembly polls handsomely.
;;0.6597;;the government is ready to recruit an additional 1,100 security guards within a fortnight and a legal cell would be formed to provide free legal aid to doctors in case of assault against doctors, the cm said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had on friday announced the formation of the six-member committee to look into the various demands of farmers, including the loan waiver.
;;0.0;;the cm says that he has every information (kundali) of his opponents which he would use at an appropriate time.
;;0.0;;he has said that money laundering has taken place in these companies, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;it will take place, fadnavis told a marathi news channel.
;;0.0;;however, it is unlikely that the whole of rs 31,000 crore loan amount would be waived off, though chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the waiver would be historic.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis also announced that the government would appoint an addituonal upa-lokayukta to ensure transparency in the conduct of bmc.
;;0.0;;the bjp shall act as 'transparency guards' in the bmc, fadnavis said.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said there was no need for mungantiwar to resign and that he would speak to gandhi over the issue.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government will give rs five lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.25;;taking on bjp over demonetisation of higher vale currency notes, the sena chief said, the decision has left many people jobless and created a law and order situation in aurangabad.
;;-0.7783;;as the strike by junior maharashtra's doctors, who are protesting a spate of assaults on colleagues by patients' relatives, entered the fourth day today, chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bombay high court asked them to resume work immediately.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis, who addressed the meeting, said decisiveness was his party's strength.
;;0.128;;the cag report states that the farm loan waiver of 2008 barely helped 30-40 per cent farmers, fadnavis said as he launched a half-hour television show of his own titled 'mi mukhyamantri boltoy' yesterday on dd sahyadri channel.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said waiving loans would make farmers eligible to borrow further money and those who had received a loan waiver in 2008 once again took loans and were unable to repay them.
;;0.6597;;replying to a question on fixing a minimum support price (msp) for perishable agricultural produce, fadnavis said it is not possible to set an msp on perishable crops but processing these crops, especially fruits for their juices would help farmers.
;;0.4215;;to a question regarding his pet project 'jalyukt shivar abhiyaan', fadnavis said it is an amalgamation of 14 different schemes and has succeeded only because of people's participation.
;;0.0;;it will change the face of maharashtra in the next few years, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;this is yet another step in that direction, chief minister fadnavis said urging the farmers to come forward for a dialogue.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis also announced that the government would appoint an addituonal upa-lokayukta to ensure transparency in the conduct of bmc.
;;0.0;;the bjp shall act as transparency guards in the bmc, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had announced the drought-like situation last week in 180 of 355 talukas of the state.
;;0.6975;;5 per cent waiver on agro-pump bills, waiver of exam-fees for school and college students, relaxation in norms for work under employment guarantee scheme (egs), water tankers deployment and not cutting power supply to agro-pumps would immediately commence, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;however, chief minister fadnavis had said that the government is following the scientific method in the declaration of drought in a stagewise manner.
;;0.0;;he (modi) talks of the work his government has done but does he have any proof to substantiate his claims, the sena chief said.
;;0.7845;;by ptimumbai: maharashtra is ready to help jammu and kashmir if it wants to organise an investment summit here post scrapping of its special status and reorganisation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on monday.
;;0.4019;;we will facilitate them (jammu & kashmir administration) and provide full assistance if they wish to hold an investment summit here in mumbai, fadnavis told reporters here.
;;0.6372;;fadnavis told legislators that his government is in the process of making recommendations to the union government to grant quota to the dhangar community without disturbing the existing reservation for st communities.
;;0.6251;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the state legislature that security has been tightened across the city and appealed to people not to panic.
;;-0.296;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, in view of the heavy rainfall, the maharashtra government requested the karnataka government to release water from almatti dam to avoid the flood-like situation in kolhapur region.
