;;0.7237;;the banks have not bothered to inform farmers about the amount credited to their accounts as part of the waiver benefits, fadnavis said during the meeting of the state level bankers committee (slbc), which represents all types of banks, at sahyadri guesthouse in mumbai.
;;-0.2732;;the building in mumbais congested dongri that collapsed on tuesday morning is around 100 years old, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;-0.765;;fadnavis told reporters that the around 15 families are feared trapped.
;;-0.6597;;watch | 2 killed in mumbai building collapse; maharashtra cm says rescue focusfadnavis said the government will probe if there was any lapse on part of the developer who had been assigned the redevelopment project by residents.
;;0.5574;;speaking in the legislative council, fadnavis said the government was positive about revoking the suspension.
;;0.5574;;we are positive about withdrawing the suspension, and will take a decision on saturday, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said that earlier this week, a meeting to discuss this issue was held in the legislative council chairmans chamber.
;;0.5994;;in an hour-long meeting, the cm said the government was ready to recruit additional 1,100 security guards within a fortnight.
;;0.8201;;but, strong and experienced leaders will be welcomed, said fadnavis.
;;-0.8625;;a day after violence claimed one life at bhima koregaon in pune district and left four others injured, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a judicial probe into the incident by a sitting high court judge, as well as a cid inquiry into the death.
;;-0.7717;;the cm also announced compensation of rs10 lakh to the family of rahul phatangale, the 28-year-old resident of sanaswadi, pune, who died on monday after suffering head injuries when a mob pelted stones.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis said: the government will investigate if there were deliberate attempts by some forces to trigger violence.
;;-0.0772;;the government has taken serious note of the incident, the cm said.
;;0.3612;;some vehicles were torched and stone were pelted, but we succeeded in preventing the violence from turning into a riot-like situation, fadnavis said, praising the police force for successfully handling the situation and averting riots.
;;0.0;;the work is expected to be completed by february 2021, fadnavis said in the on-going session of the state legislature.
;;0.25;;one is that he utters curses against prime minister modi and second is that he is known for his jokes, fadnavis said.
;;-0.4333;;taking a jibe at the congresss `nyay scheme, that promises to provide rs 72,000 per year to the five crore poorest families, fadnavis said gandhi is not sure from where money for the programme will come.
;;-0.4767;;chidambaram reacted by saying that money is flowing in central government coffers and this can be distributed to the poor, fadnavis said.
;;-0.3182;;however, fadnavis said the states sugar industry had been critical for the past few years owing to drought.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis said the government would support cooperative movements, particularly those of sugar mill owners.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the government would buy cogeneration power from sugar mills at a higher price so the mills would not face financial hardships.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said that the government had brought around 12.
;;0.0;;villages should plan and diversify their cropping pattern at least for three years, the cm said, replying to a question by a farmer.
;;0.0;;the government planned to bring 50  of the sugarcane crop under drip irrigation in next few years, fadnavis said.
;;-0.3612;;farmers can apply online to avail the scheme, fadnavis told a farmer during the telecast, stressing on water conservation.
;;0.5994;;we are glad that a senior leader of the caliber of madhukar pichad, a six-term legislator such as kolambkar, a descendent of maratha king shivaji, shivendra raje bhosale and youth leader such as sanjiv naik, whose family has clout across navi mumbai and an aggressive womans leader like chitra wagh, have joined ranks with the bjp, said fadnavis.
;;0.4019;;fadnavis on a lighter note said, we are smart.
;;-0.3252;;the shiv sena should not have behaved liked this, said a visibly miffed fadnavis at the press conference in the bjp office in nariman point.
;;-0.8271;;chief minister devendrafadnavis (cm) on tuesday announced a high-level probe into the wall collapse incident at kurar, where 22 people were killed.
;;-0.6956;;the cm said strict action would be taken against officials responsible for not only the wall collapse, but also for other such accidents and the delayed cleaning of stormwater drains in the city.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, in his reply, said, apart from 2005, the rainfall on monday and tuesday was the second highest in the city in a 24-hour period since 1974.
;;0.4215;;i have directed civic officials to take immediate action against them and rehabilitate them to a safer building constructed by mmrda, the cm said.
;;0.3182;;responding to ncp leader jayant patils allegation that some developers have encroached upon open spaces in the city, the cm said action will be taken against responsible bmc officials.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also said he has directed bmc officials to immediately shift citizens living in hilly areas, prone to landslides.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also said that under the brimstowad project, five of the seven pumping stations proposed have been completed.
;;0.7322;;if all parties come together against us, then there is a need to enter the poll arena with even more preparation and strength, said fadnavis at the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) state executive meeting in dadar.
;;0.4019;;the cm also said that while the bjp was open and willing for an alliance with the shiv sena, the party cadre should start preparing for elections without waiting for its ally.
;;0.6369;;the cm said that the party should be ready for polls in any situation.
;;-0.2263;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday his government was willing to discuss the farmers issue with anyone provided they do not have a political agenda as they continued their protests even after he announced a farm loan waiver for small and marginal farmers in the state.
;;-0.3716;;i am willing to talk with anyone to resolve the problems of farmers but not those who have political intentions, fadnavis said as the agitation entered the sixth day.
;;-0.0129;;i am willing to talk with anyone to resolve the problems of farmers but not those who have political intentions, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had announced a rs30,000 crore farm loan waiver for 31 lakh farmers last saturday.
;;0.0;;responding to a question raised by sena legislator neelam gorhe, fadnavis told the legislative council: it has been brought to my notice that many non-state board schools such as cbse and icse schools do not teach marathi, despite the rule.
;;0.0;;in response, fadnavis said, i will meet this delegation on monday, and address their issues.
;;0.4019;;``as cm fadnavis told us yesterday, think of this as a t20, we have to perform from day one to ensure our schemes reach people ahead of the elections.
;;0.4588;;the cm said moideen has expressed interest in working as a healthcare partner for projects planned in maharashtra.
;;0.2732;;speaking in the state assembly during the question hour, fadnavis said pension was an honour more than money for those who served jail term during the emergency.
;;0.4019;;to this, fadnavis said pensions for those who took part in the freedom struggles for goa, marathwada and india are on par and have recently been hiked.
;;0.6124;;speaking during a debate on mumbais housing issues, fadnavis on friday had told the state assembly that the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) and slum rehabilitation authority (sra) have been asked to adopt the civic bodys pattern  which focuses on giving time-bound permissions  while clearing projects.
;;0.0258;;chief minister devendrafadnavis told the legislative council that the government along with the brihamumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is preparing a policy to tackle the matter.
;;-0.296;;responding to gadgils question, fadnavis said, the developers do not procure the oc and give possession to flat owners and this causes a lot of difficulties.
;;-0.8834;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday announced compensation for families of three school students who lost their lives in the dahanu boat tragedy and for the family of a 14-year-old dalit girl who died on her way back from the sadbhavana rally in sangli.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis announced compensation for these families from the chief ministers relief fund.
;;0.7506;;indiaupdated: aug 04, 2019 17:01 istthe bharatiya janata party will contest the maharashtra assembly elections in partnership with ally shiv sena though it could have won on its own, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday.
;;0.0;;but on the increasingly louder pitch within the sena projecting the young leader as the partys presumptive chief minister, fadnavis said he had already hinted the bjps stand when the bjp-sena partnership ahead of the national elections was announced.
;;0.0772;;fadnavis said the sena and the bjp would contest from an equal number of seats after setting aside some seats for the smaller allies.
;;-0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday said there was a lack of transparency in the working of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) so far, resulting in probes being initiated into the road scam and shoddy desilting done by the countrys richest body.
;;-0.6249;;fadnavis said this in a public interview, organised under the aegis of lokmanya seva sangh in vile parle, titled majestic gappa (chats).
;;0.4019;;parties have enough funds to run without [resorting to] this, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;our agenda is transparency and both can work towards it, said fadnavis.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had even announced a growth centre on the lines of bandra-kurla complex near kalyan.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis, while making a statement in the lower house on friday, said the guards did not thrash the farmer instead he bit one of the policemen on duty.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on saturday that his bharatiya janata party will not contest the shiv sena for the mayor post in brihanmumbai municipal council (bmc), signalling a thaw in ties between the bickering allies.
;;0.2144;;fadnavis also said his party will not be in the opposition bloc, but will keep a close eye on the transparency in the civic bodys functioning.
;;0.2363;;if someone wants to impel us to go for mid-term polls, i am confident we will be able to form the government again, fadnavis told reporters here without naming any party.
;;0.0;;so, people believe in this government, fadnavis said.
;;0.6486;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said the state government will develop an intelligent traffic management system (itms) for mumbai, which will later be implemented across maharashtra to reduce congestion and increase traffic speed.
;;-0.34;;fadnavis said by analysing peoples habits, traffic offences and traffic pattern, the state will develop a system which could be complementary to peoples habits.
;;0.8591;;using sensors, if the signal intelligently decides that it is okay to give a green signal to vehicles in case of less traffic, it would help improve the traffic speed, fadnavis said.
;;-0.25;;fadnavis said the number of road accidents in maharashtra dropped by 4.
;;0.0;;if not, then those who have deliberately edited the audio clip, action should be taken against them, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;the cm said that the audio clip was from a speech he had given when addressing approximately 1,500 bjp workers regarding the palghar polls.
;;-0.0072;;a coalition is to ensure these powers dont get strength, said fadnavis.
;;0.2023;;even the pm, fadnavis said, had no personal agenda and only worked for the benefit of the country.
;;0.7269;;a shaken fadnavis told shaikh that he was fit and ok, and asked him to help the pilots and others on board the chopper even as he walked a few steps away.
;;0.2023;;later, fadnavis told people that it was the blessings of the 12-crore people of maharashtra and jai bhavani which helped him and the five others survive the crash.
;;0.0;;fadnavis, on friday, said any discrepancies would be addressed during the ongoing budget session.
;;0.0;;while inaugurating various road projects in navi mumbai and thane, fadnavis said thane would soon be connected to mumbai, navi mumbai, kalyan and vasai through waterways.
;;-0.7003;;according to sources, fadnavis said he had received complaints about poor response by the government machinery to the water conservation initiatives undertaken by people at various places.
;;-0.5574;;citing an example of delay in releasing the funds for diesel for the equipment required for water conservation works undertaken by villagers during the water cup competition (in which villages compete to get aid for their water conservation project) in parts of the state, fadnavis said the delay was unwarranted.
;;-0.6369;;the administration should rope in students from the agricultural universities to reach out to the farmers with advisories, disseminating information about the crops and forecast and measures to the taken to avoid the pest attack on cotton witnessed last year, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the government would monitor their performance over the year by comparing implementation with the road map projected by them in the presentations.
;;-0.1796;;fadnavis, while addressing a curtain-raiser for an upcoming investment summit in mumbai on saturday, had said: even today, the law-and-order situation in maharashtra is absolutely good, there is no problem with it.
;;0.7096;;fadnavis said that the bjp-led government at the centre was in control of things and handling the bureaucracy well to increase the efficiency of the state machinery.
;;-0.6908;;brushing aside ally shiv senas threat to the state government and the critical editorials in its mouthpiece saamana, fadnavis said he does not read it.
;;0.7906;;asked if he thought that the bjps growth will lead to decline of other parties, fadnavis said, bjp is not of the mindset to finish any party.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis has also asked his water resources & irrigation minister girish mahajan to visitratnagiri and provide relief to affected families.
;;0.6369;;worldbank also appreciated maharashtras model of consent driven land acquisition, fadnavis said in a series of tweets.
;;0.0;;at a rally on sunday, fadnavis said he had told sena chief uddhav thackeray that the bjp was planning to give a ticket to a member of wangas family for the bypoll.
;;0.0;;in a written reply to a question raised by legislators from the opposition benches about the shifting of the project, the cm said that the city and industrial development corporation (cidco) has issued a notification to establish the integrated industrial township, which is likely to house the project.
;;0.0;;i have held one discussion about it and one final discussion will be done today, said fadnavis, who was in new delhi on saturday to attend the niti aayog meeting.
;;0.0772;;we want power to bring in development, said the sena chief.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday said that the metro rail networks will be connected from the northern and southern parts of the city.
;;0.1027;;while replying to the debate on the budgetary demands for the urban development and home department on wednesday, fadnavis said that joining these missing links would ensure that the all parts of the city are connected to each other.
