;;0.0;;he was speaking at the valedictory ceremony of 5th bharatiya vigyan sammelan at fergusson college fadnavis further said that the conference will be organised in different cities of the state under the leadership of scientist vijay bhatkar.
;;0.296;;modern-era development has to have basis in traditional knowledge, fadnavis said at the launch of a book titled 'bharatiya dnyanacha khajina', which translates to 'treasure of indian wisdom'.
;;0.0;;the book was written by prashant pol, national head of rss affiliate vishwa sanwad kendra our ancestors were ahead of their times, fadnavis said.
;;0.5106;;fadnavis said the state government, to encourage books and literature on indian history, will add them to state-run libraries.
;;0.0;;in june 2017, the cm announced a loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers; loans amounting to rs 32,000 crore were to be waived.
;;0.34;;lauding the initiative, cm said that the project demonstrated how a determined administration and public participation can do wonders.
;;0.7579;;sharing the success story of his pet project jal yukta shivar, fadnavis said that protecting the environment is a priority for the state government.
;;0.5994;;referring to the induction of several political leaders into the bjp, fadnavis said, bjp is not going behind anybody pleading them to join the party.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis said the state government aims at constructing one lakh houses for police personnel, which would include a substantial number of ownership units.
;;0.0;;some of the units constructed for constables were actually preferred by our officers of dcp ranks when they saw it, said fadnavis.
;;0.5574;;the cm said the aim is to create integrated townships for the cops with gym and swimming pool facilities like the one at lakadganj.
;;0.1154;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis might have announced a december 2019 deadline for commissioning of the navi mumbai airport, but top officials from the ministry of civil aviation said on thursday that the deadline would be tough to meet.
;;0.0;;pune: chief minister devendrafadnavis has told the civic administration to conduct an inquiry into alleged lapses in the tree census, under way in the city for the past two years.
;;-0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said there was no need for mungantiwar to resign and that he would speak to gandhi over the issue.
;;-0.1531;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a push to various development projects and government schemes in the naxalite affected gadchiroli district following a review meeting at vidhan bhavan on wednesday.
;;0.9231;;the sena chief said he is not speaking against the government but in favour of farmers and that he would use his good equation with the chief minister to get justice for them.
;;0.0516;;the cm has asked vikhe patil to tender an unconditional apology and withdraw all allegations.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said that all instructions will be given to the local authorities to speed up land acquisition and necessary meetings and committees will be formed to speed up the pending issues regarding the highways.
;;-0.6249;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday said the government would withdraw cases against those booked during the bandh called in the wake of the koregaon bhima violence in january.
;;-0.0772;;the cm told the legislative council that a committee would be set up under the additional dgp (law and order) to examine the serious cases and it would submit its report in three months.
;;-0.4019;;around 300-350 cases of serious offences were recorded, the cm said.
;;-0.4404;;fadnavis also said that compensation would be paid for damages during the bandh.
;;0.34;;responding to allegations that the government was not doing enough to secure the arrest of prime accused milind ekbote, fadnavis said, he has been given conditional bail by the supreme court.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the state would take over maintenance of the samadhi of chhatrapati sambhaji maharaj close to koregaon bhima.
;;0.7845;;presenting the plan for the super highway, fadnavis said it will benefit the entire state, especially farmers as this prosperity corridor will have agricultural nodes for 24 districts for supply chain, cold storage with focus on agriculture processing.
;;0.3818;;at davos, fadnavis also announced various other investment opportunities in mumbai especially related to metro network.
;;0.4588;;sawant disclosed that while the cm had announced that 89 lakh farmers will benefit under the waiver scheme, after the cumbersome procedure introduced by the information technology department, only 77 lakh were able to submit on-line applications.
;;0.0;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday announced that maharashtra has become an open defecation-free state after constructing over 60 lakh toilets in the last three and a half years.
;;0.0772;;while declaring the rural areas of maharashtra open defecation-free on wednesday, fadnavis claimed the government has built highest number of toilets in the country and completed the task before deadline.
;;0.0;;we met the target before the deadline of october 2, 2019, the cm said.
;;0.0;;this massive exercise of constructing toilets spanned 34 districts, 351 talukas, 21,000 gram panchayats and 40,500 villages, fadnavis said.
;;-0.3612;;abusive trolls may be from any party, action will be taken, fadnavis said.
;;0.0516;;fadnavis told mirror on tuesday that the government had decided to ease the 150-metre restriction in the area around the jail, but it would charge a premium from builders seeking to redevelop structures there.
;;0.7579;;maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavisaurangabad: the maharashtra government has launched some schemes which will help make the perennially parched marathwada region free of drought, chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday.
;;0.2263;;fadnavis said the government has also sanctioned a water pipeline scheme worth rs 1,650 crore for aurangabad.
;;0.836;;along with the dmic project, the samruddhi corridor will also help aurangabad and marathwada to make remarkable contribution in the national economic growth, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis also said that so far, mmopl has not constructed the administrative office and training centre for the home guard.
;;0.0;;read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citynagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis said he would give mayors powers to utilize 10  of the additional revenue brought by them in municipal corporations.
;;-0.4588;;admitting that most of the municipal corporations in maharahstra are facing financial crisis, the cm said the state government has increased financial assistance to urban local bodies to rs5,200 crore per annum as against the earlier allocation of rs1,200 crore since the last four years.
;;-0.1779;;also, good revenue can come from regularization of illegal water connections that i did when was mayor, the cm said.
;;-0.6486;;fadnavis said developed countries cause maximum pollution, but at the same time teach developing countries to control the menace.
;;-0.5423;;as announced earlier, fadnavis said no space will be made available for dumping of garbage after three years.
;;0.0;;fadnavis says a month after he took oath as cm, his first visit was to kurkheda in gadchiroli.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis, who accepted the report during inauguration of an exhibition on food processing industry by via, said the document will be referred to a cabinet sub-committee for further action.
;;-0.2023;;earlier at the function, fadnavis also announced that concessional power tariff charged from industries in vidarbha and marathwada will be extended for another five years.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in his pre-winter session address to media said that the market arrivals have gone up as compared to november last year.
;;0.4404;;this story is from november 17, 2018the cm said the draft development plan of pmr would be ready by march 2019 and cleared by september next yeardownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
;;0.0;;the state government will invest nearly rs620 crore for infrastructure and civic amenities, fadnavis said.
;;0.7184;;while hinjewadi was the growth engine for pune city, the cm said the hi-tech city was planned by involving the sarpanch and villagers and was an ideal model of development.
;;0.0772;;this was the case in the mumbai metropolitan region development authority areas, fadnavis said.
;;0.4404;;the cm said the draft development plan of pmr would be ready by march 2019 and cleared by september next year.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said work on the hinjewadi-shivajinagar metro would start in january.
;;0.2732;;the cm said pmrda has been instrumental in dealing with several issues related to the wagholi gram panchayat, shikrapur bypass as well as going in for affordable housing.
;;0.3818;;fadnavis said, the centre has delegated powers to local bodies to ensure compliance of environmental conditions for buildings, construction and area development projects measuring between 20,000sqm and 50,000sqm.
;;0.5574;;emerging from this first official interaction with uddhav over the alliance impasse, fadnavis said the talks had been positive.
;;0.5574;;we have the same feelings in this regard and have responded in a positive manner, fadnavis told mediapersons.
;;0.0;;now, he will be looking after the entire municipal affairs, not just transport, fadnavis said, replying to a question about the peoples displeasure over mundhes transfer.
;;-0.5267;;fadnavis said that the government was introducing the digital platform for obtaining permission to prevent incidents of people harassing film/tv crew from shooting at locations.
;;-0.5574;;if modi does not get re-elected as pm for the next five years, it will be a loss for the country and not his personal loss, said fadnavis.
;;-0.1901;;in a 20-minute speech, fadnavis targeted opposition parties, including former pm manmohan singh though the former pm was a great human being, but he was tongue-tied, and not able to speak without seeking prior permission from madam; he even had to ask her whether to attack the opposition or not, said fadnavis.
;;0.4939;;on the other hand, each and every scheme of modi government is geared toward development, said the cm.
;;0.0;;calling opposition leaders dogs and cats, the cm said modi was a lion.
;;0.0;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked mayor nanda jichkar to implement zero pendency project in the nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) on the lines of mantralaya.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis said all ten zone offices of the nmc should implement zero pendency project for improvement in services.
;;0.6369;;fadnavis said city would become best city by providing 24x7 water supply.
;;0.6369;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis has announced a special grant of rs50 crore to the indira gandhi government medical college and hospital (iggmch) to mark the golden jubilee celebrations of the college.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said that this money should go in converting iggmch into a state of art hospital.
;;0.25;;hence the legacy that is created in the government colleges is unparalleled, fadnavis said.
;;-0.5423;;the doctors fadnavis said here are under constant tension and pressure.
;;0.4588;;performing the bhoomipujan for the proposed horse museum, fadnavis said he would make every effort to make the event an international attraction.
;;0.0;;a national horse research centre will start in three years along with a full-fledged hospital for animals, said fadnavis.
;;-0.4404;;cm devendrafadnavis , unfazed by the criticism, said depletion of groundwater level is bound to happen in a year when the state was staring at a drought.
;;0.0;;that is the right way of comparing data, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;i would give it 100  marks, the cm said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said because of jalyukt shivar, irrigation potential on 34 lakh hectares has been generated, plus water stock of 24 lakh tmc.
;;-0.296;;in a reply to a text message, fadnavis said there was no such proposal so far as maharashtra is concerned.
;;-0.4404;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked the environment minister, ramdas kadam, to extend by another two months the one-month window to implement the ban.
;;0.0;;the inquiry will fix responsibility and also probe the lapses which caused the incident, said fadnavis to mediapersons.
;;0.0;;the nmc should take over the bus services in the city if the state transport utility is unable to manage it, fadnavis said.
;;0.5574;;all the proposals of this city will be considered in a positive manner, fadnavis said.
;;0.6478;;appreciating the property expo, fadnavis said, this exhibition is very well organised.
;;0.0772;;nagpur: chief minister devendrafadnavis , replying to a starred question in the house on wednesday, said the jail administration is engaged in tracing out inmates with different psychological disturbances through a self-help group.
;;0.1531;;fadnavis had said on thursday that he had requested his karnataka counterpart to discharge 5 lakh cusecs, a demand which he has agreed to.
;;-0.2732;;the cm had said discharge from the almatti dam will result in drop in water level in kolhapur and sangli district in western maharashtra.
;;0.4767;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday said his government would soon draft a comprehensive action plan to provide state-of-the-art infrastructure for promotion of sports i am committed to taking all possible steps for promotion of sports.
;;-0.128;;fadnavis said it was a wrong assumption that there were fewer opportunities in sports.
;;0.3818;;sports organisations should give up their commercial approach and, instead, promote players and the sport,'' the cm said.
;;-0.34;;a study has revealed that honking is to blame for 70  of the noise pollution in the city,'' fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;besides sportspersons, we will involve people from all sections of society in this drive,'' fadnavis said.
;;0.3182;;earlier fadnavis, during her speech at the function, claimed that people had blind faith on patanjali products and the revenue generated from them was helping the nation.
;;0.5455;;elaborating upon the newly-launched galmukta dharan, galyukta shivar scheme that aims to carry out desilting of dams and distribution of the silt in farms, fadnavis said the whole exercise would not only help in improving agricultural productivity, but also efficiency of dams.
;;0.7322;;during a review meeting, fadnavis asked the government machinery to ensure proper planning so that maximum number of farmers can benefit from different government schemes and projects during approaching kharif season.
;;0.4019;;when jayant patil pointed out that many of these beneficiaries didnt receive the money, after objections were raised and cases were pending in the supreme and high courts, the cm asked where all this money had gone, and hinted at a bigger scam here.
;;-0.4601;;blaming the banks for the mess, fadnavis said the government had already inked a pact with them for data validation of beneficiaries, and they would be completely responsible for any error.
;;0.4588;;on hasan mushrifs query, fadnavis said the banks were told to close those accounts and not to levy any interest.
;;-0.0772;;fadnavis asked guardian minister chandrashekhar bawankule to organize a mega camp for distribution of ownership documents to slum dwellers.
;;0.3818;;the cm further said that his government had started registering construction workers and would provide all types of benefits to them and their children.
;;0.0;;i have ordered a departmental inquiry against officials of the public works department for the goof-up over non-payment of water bills for varsha, fadnavis said.
;;-0.5267;;confirming this, the cm said, we have received threat letters and handed them over to the police.
;;0.0;;the documents the police have recovered will be presented in court, said fadnavis, who was in andheri to attend the fourth anniversary of metro operations.
;;0.0;;the cm had earlier announced that the work of land acquisition of about 36km was on by the pmrda.
;;-0.2924;;hence, we cannot accept the report as it is and implement it, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;hence we cannot implement it as it is, fadnavis said.
;;0.3818;;we will fulfil our promises during this tenure, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;the cm told the sena chief that he would organise a meeting with the advocate general on saturday to discuss the issue.
;;0.4678;;the cm said the government was positive on the issue, but it should be sorted out bearing in mind legal and constitutional aspects.
;;0.3818;;the prompt announcement after the protests ties in with other announcements  like the maratha quota and an attempt to start recruitment in government jobs under it  that political observers said were made with an eye on the coming elections fadnavis has also asked government agencies to explore whether some housing stock created under other schemes can be kept aside for mill workers.
;;0.8225;;asked if the bjps affection with the sena was one-way as the latter was never seen reciprocating, fadnavis said, our love for the sena is open and we wear it on our sleeve.
;;0.4767;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said on tuesday that the state government will seek the assistance of rs 6,813 crore from the centre for flood relief.
;;0.3818;;chief minister devendrafadnavis in 2016 announced setting up a committee to ensure equitable water distribution for the region coming under jurisdiction of the bmc.
;;-0.7096;;cm devendrafadnavis the times of india news app for latest citykalyan: cm devendrafadnavis announced compensation for people who suffered losses due to floods in kalyan, badlapur, ulhasnagar and the neighbouring areas.
;;-0.5574;;fadnavis also said in the last three-and-a-half-years, the rate of convictions has increased, which will instill fear of law in offenders.
;;0.4497;;lauding the e-complaint system offered by the new app, fadnavis said the facility would not only empower citizens but increase accountability.
;;0.0258;;there is no room for either citizens or police to alter the truth, said the cm.
;;0.0;;speaking on the occasion, chief minister devendrafadnavis said khasdar sanskrutik mahotsav has become a cultural identity of the city which gives artistes a platform to perform and also fulfils the cultural needs of citizens.
;;0.4939;;fadnavis said the agreement is a milestone in bilateral relations.
;;0.128;;fadnavis said his government had launched several mega infrastructure projects in and around mumbai metropolitan region (mmr), adding that the state, in the next five years, would contribute over 20 per cent in the overall economy of the country in the next, which itself aims to be a usd 5 trillion economy by then.
;;0.8625;;speaking on the occasion, the cm asked bjp workers and leaders to pursue a target of getting 50 per cent of votes, and expressed hope that the bjp-shiv sena alliance would win the forthcoming assembly polls handsomely.
;;0.0;;on the city bus tangle, fadnavis said that the government was of the opinion that mahametro should run it.
;;0.0772;;on the delay in the commencement of work on nagpur-mumbai communication super expressway, fadnavis said, there is not much delay.
;;0.296;;cm devendrafadnavis said the government is looking at creating a digital repository of all maps concerning the state.
;;0.0;;we proved our might, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said, there was a modi wave during the 2014 lok sabha elections.
;;0.3818;;if not, then there are two persons from bjp, who are also capable of getting elected from here (maval and shirur), fadnavis said.
;;0.34;;regularizing constructionsat the meeting, the cm said that, as per assurances given to the residents of pimpri chinchwad during the last election, the state government has enacted a law to regularize unauthorized constructions.
;;0.0;;mumbai: maharashtra chief minster devendrafadnavis said the state will digitize all government schools by december 2018.
;;0.0;;if people take law in their hands, the government will take action , fadnavis said on being asked about the bandh called by the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) in thane on august 22.
;;0.0;;in maharashtra, cms do not survive for long,'' fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;the cm also announced an enquiry against yadav by a committee headed by the additional chief secretary (home) and the report would be submitted in a month.
;;0.3182;;later, the cm, in his reply, said, considering the sentiments across the party lines and seriousness of the issue, the government has decided to send the police commissioner on compulsory leave.
;;0.1531;;replying to a debate in the council, the cm said a detailed project report (dpr) would be prepared with the objective of solving the garbage disposal problem in three stages within a year.
;;0.0;;as much as 76  of the 5,420 tonnes of garbage (accumulated in the city since the start of this month) has been collected and the remaining will be collected by march 17, fadnavis said.
;;-0.7269;;fadnavis -- who was in murbad taluka of maharashtra's thane district for the inauguration of a new police station and statue of chattrapti shivaji maharaj -- said, those who were affected by the floods will be given compensation so that they can overcome whatever loss they have suffered.
;;-0.9001;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced government job for a family member of the two crpf jawans from buldhana killed in the pulwama terror attack .
;;0.1531;;fadnavis said that for both the sena and bjp, ed stands for efficient development and that opposition leaders should be worried about ed coming after them for the kind of work they did.
;;0.0;;when asked about the issue, fadnavis said that whatever he and uddhav thackeray had said while announcing their alliance is final.
;;-0.2206;;fadnavis and thackeray had said that power sharing will be equal, but whether the cms post is included is not clear.
;;0.34;;fadnavis also said that smaller allies will be consulted before seats are shared between bjp and sena.
;;0.7351;;we will definitely consult them on the seat sharing and leave adequate seats for them in the lok sabha polls, the cm said.
;;0.1027;;fadnavis said so far, his yatra has covered over 3,000 km and reached out to over 100 constituencies (out of the total 288) in the state.
;;-0.1531;;addressing a gathering on the occasion, fadnavis said a lot of crime presently was being carried out using online tools and there was a need to tackle them effectively.
;;0.25;;fadnavis said that the state government has taken utmost care to avoid land acquisition while carrying out infrastructure work.
;;-0.1531;;the cm claimed that only 70 houses will be affected in constructing a new taxiway at the airport.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had then told toi that funds for land acquisition can be made available to madc in the states supplementary budget once the acquisition component is finalised.
;;0.2263;;madc will start work on the airport project by utilising its reserves and the government will provide grants later, fadnavis had said.
;;0.4019;;addressing a gathering in sangamner in ahmednagar district, fadnavis said the problem was not in the evms but in the khopdi (head) of these parties.
;;0.6486;;listing the achievements of his government, fadnavis said he may not have been able to do everything that he promised, but he has definitely done more than what the previous congress-ncp government managed.
;;-0.1471;;fadnavis announced the rs 34,022 crore loan waiver scheme for 89 lakh farmers, but could not take credit due to the bureaucracys casual approach.
;;0.5574;;on sunday, fadnavis said the supreme court had clarified that the (aarey) land did not come under forest or bio-diversity.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters in latur district during his ongoing 'mahajanadesh yatra', fadnavis also said he is a hindutvawadi person but with a scientific mindset.
;;-0.5256;;to a query on it, fadnavis said, mob lynching is inhuman and it is absolutely wrong.
;;0.2732;;when a reporter asked whether he, representing a hindutvawadi party, was considering financial aid for those performing 'yagnas' (ritual in front of sacred fire often with mantras) for good rainfall, fadnavis said, i am a hindutvawadi person but with a scientific temperament.
;;0.3167;;mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday announced that the state cabinet would give one more chance to farmers who could not submit their loan waiver application.
;;0.0;;nearly 13 lakh applications were forwarded to the taluka committees for scrutiny, said fadnavis.
;;-0.5719;;clarifying on the assistance to be given to farmers affected from hailstorms and pink bollworm attack, fadnavis said the survey has been completed and actual disbursement is in process.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis said the construction work of bridges on godavari as well as pranhita and indravati rivers will be completed soon.
;;-0.4767;;fadnavis said the labour minister and pune guardian minister, along with district administration, should fix responsibility for the accident and relocate other workers staying at the camp.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier in the day announced rs 5 lakh to the kin of each deceased.
;;0.0;;devendra fadnavisdownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: the maharashtra cabinet will be expanded on sunday and a final meeting on the ministers to be inducted will be held later saturday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis said in delhi.
;;0.0;;i have had one meeting (on cabinet expansion) and the final meeting will be held tonight, the maharashta cm said.
;;-0.0516;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said, this is a serious matter.
;;0.4019;;as a precautionary measure and as per imd advisory on heavy rains, we declared holiday tuesday, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the marathwada region will be made drought-free in the next few years.
;;-0.3818;;fadnavis also said that rs 4,700 crore was given as drought assistance while rs 3,300 crore had been disbursed as crop insurance by the government after a severe drought hit the state earlier this year.
