;;0.0;;fadnavis had yesterday said that ten police teams have been formed to apprehend the culprits.
;;-0.6597;;fadnavis said in nashik yesterday that pansare's murder was a challenge to the system.
;;0.7717;;announcing the formation of a 'yuti' (alliance) government here yesterday, fadnavis, flanked by senior sena leaders, said the two parties had decided to run the government in alliance to honour the sentiment of the people who want to see the sena and bjp work together for maharashtra.
;;0.8781;;fadnavis said the ncp had unilaterally declared its support, and his party neither denied nor accepted the support.
;;-0.357;;if they are skipping the meeting, it is not going to benefit their states, fadnavis said.
;;-0.2263;;fadnavis, disapproving of the sena's protests, said last evening that it had brought disrepute to the state.
;;0.0;;she has donated her piggy bank savings for farmers' welfare, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;after his name cropped up, the ministry of home affairs took cognisance of the issue and even maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis asked mumbai police commissioner datta padsalgikar to probe into zakir naiks speeches and also his contacts and source of funding.
;;-0.6249;;earlier, a rift developed among agitators as a group of farmers decided to call off the protest after chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a partial loan waiver for small and marginal farmers on june 3.
;;0.0;;also about 8 to 10 bjp ministers will also take oath tomorrow, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;people wanted bjp and sena to form government in maharashtra, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;we were together for 25 years and we will continue to be together in this government and even later, fadnavis said.
;;0.25;;for 25 years we have resolved issues through talks and we will do so even now, fadnavis said, when asked about the contradictory views of the two parties on some issues.
;;0.0;;we will soon take a decision on including other alliance partners in the government, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;the decision was taken with a heavy heart, fadnavis had then told reporters.
;;0.0;;only the official interlocutors in the bjp-sena talks should comment on the parleys, fadnavis had said.
;;0.0;;a memorial befitting his status will be set up at mayor's bungalow and the entire cost will be borne by the government, fadnavis said at a joint press meet with uddhav.
;;0.2023;;the committee was entrusted with the task of suggesting us the places of memorial, fadnavis said.
;;0.5106;;fadnavis also announced that a public trust headed by uddhav which will be formed to work out the modalities of the memorial.
;;0.4019;;yes yakub memon has been hanged at 7 am sharp and his body is being handed over to his family, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.0865;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked all departments to prepare a list of measures on how to generate more revenue and cut down on expenditure, he said, adding that a special cabinet meeting would be held next month to discuss this.
;;0.0;;the election commission must look into the issue, fadnavis said.
;;-0.128;;we have made them available taking into consideration the demand of the cbi, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;on june 6, 2016, coinciding with the 343rd anniversary of the coronation ceremony of chhatrapati shivaji at the raigad fort, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that his government would strive to get them in the unesco world heritage sites list.
;;0.0;;fadnavis has said he will emulate shivaji maharaj's example while ruling the state.
;;0.4939;;mumbai to get 6,000 cctv cameras by 2016mumbai, feb 7, 2015 (ians): 21:09 istthe long-pending proposal for electronic surveillance in mumbai finally got underway saturday with the maharashtra government signing an agreement to install 6,000 cctv cameras by september 2016, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here.
;;-0.3182;;it will also help detect crime and effectively tackle criminal activities, fadnavis told mediapersons here.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis said that the government is also working on a rs 34,500-crore plan for benefit of farmers.
;;0.0;;it is only today that we have informed the court, fadnavis told reporters in nagpur, where the winter session of the maharashtra assembly is underway.
;;0.2023;;conditions and detailing will be finalised by a joint committee, said fadnavis, adding: farmers and their betterment was, is and will always be this government's top priority.
;;0.0;;when contacted, chief minister devendrafadnavis said the decision has nothing to do with political affiliations of the individuals concerned.
;;0.5719;;fadnavis said the government could ask the committee to take a fresh review of its decision to scale down security cover if any individual feels aggrieved.
;;0.0;;he (modi) talks of the work his government has done but does he have any proof to substantiate his claims, the sena chief said.
;;0.3612;;after the weekly cabinet meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the plan has been scrapped and the municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) has been asked to submit a new reworked plan within four months.
;;-0.4019;;there were flaws in it and hence the government has asked the bmc to rework it and rectify the problem areas, fadnavis told reporters here.
;;0.0;;ten teams have been formed and the dgp (sanjeev dayal) would supervise the investigations, fadnavis said.
;;0.6808;;justifying the move, fadnavis has said it is not possible to achieve the country's progress without progress of mumbai.
;;0.5106;;the meeting between the two leaders holds significance as chief minister devendrafadnavis had last week said that doors for shiv sena to join the government still remain open before the winter session begins on december 8.
;;0.1027;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has asked the police to ensure no bets are placed in the city.
;;0.0;;the rss chief had nothing to do with the talks with sena, fadnavis said.
;;0.34;;if all the assurances given by the erstwhile (congress-ncp) government are to be implemented, the government would have to spend rs 52,000 crore, fadnavis said.
;;0.5574;;asked about the possibility of shiv sena joining the new government, fadnavis said, there was a positive talk between amit shah and uddhav thckeray today.
;;0.0;;on the presence of godmen at the swearing-in ceremony, fadnavis said, they belonged to all religions.
;;0.4215;;people expect the government to be both transparent and efficient, fadnavis said, explaining the need for right to service legislation, and added that it would be tabled in the budget session of the assembly at nagpur next year.
;;-0.2263;;when asked if a white paper on the economy would be published, as he had demanded as an opposition leader, fadnavis said discussions about this were underway.
;;0.3818;;when asked about the call for austerity given by prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis said his government's actions would show commitment to austerity.
;;-0.5859;;about various scams, for which he had targeted the congress-ncp government from the opposition benches, fadnavis said action would be taken wherever necessary.
;;0.0;;, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said on friday that his government would move supreme court on the bombay high court order.
;;0.3818;;we will take measures to ensure that the quota remains, said fadnavis, adding that if there was any lacuna in the law, it would be removed.
;;0.5574;;chief minister devendrafadnavis said the maharashtra government will decide on whether to approach the supreme court after going through the order.
;;-0.7351;;the quantum of punishment has been increased and attacks on doctors made a non-bailable offence, the cm said.
;;0.0;;based on it, we would decide the further course of action, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, said.
;;-0.6369;;in this battle for economic independence, the person who stands with modi ji for the next 50 days will become a soldier in this battle and the one who does not stand with the pm will be against this country, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said ten police teams have been formed to nab the culprits.
;;0.3182;;atal-ji worked hard all his life to enhance the nation's capabilities and (prime minister narendra) modi is only fulfilling atal-ji's dreams, fadnavis said at the event.
;;0.5719;;i ask every youth present here to teach ten people how to conduct trade in cashless way and help fulfil atal-ji's dream of corruption-free nation, fadnavis said.
;;-0.9595;;fadnavis said on account of the rampant instances of violence and attacks against media persons and damage or loss of property of media houses, there is a strong demand to prevent such violence against media persons or damage or loss to the property belonging to media persons and media houses to check the recurrence of such incidents.
;;0.0;;fadnavis reveals plans for mumbai filmcitymumbai, jan 7, 2015, dhns: 1:17 iststressing that mumbai and bollywood are inseparable, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the state government has taken up a major modernisation plan for the filmcity here in goregaon, one of the largest studio-complexes in the country.
;;0.4588;;bollywood is a serious business in mumbai and we will do everything to ensure that it remains competitive and to the international standards, fadnavis said on monday night.
;;0.0772;;our dream of ban on cow slaughter becomes a reality now, a pleased chief minister devendrafadnavis said in a tweet.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had said yesterday that based on maria's information the further course of action would be decided.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the memorial will be the tallest in the world.
;;0.5267;;if the us is known for the statue of liberty, maharashtra will be known as the land of shivaji maharaj, the cm said.
;;0.7065;;justifying the state government's decision to go ahead with the memorial despite opposition from various quarters, including environmentalists and activists, fadnavis said, this memorial is to remind people not to forget our glorious past.
;;0.4588;;the people of maharashtra want it and so do the workers of both parties, fadnavis told reporters here on thursday.
;;0.7003;;differences over few more things needs to be sorted out and i am confident about resolving them very soon, fadnavis told reporters.
;;0.0;;22 pm was put under control, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters.
;;0.0114;;fadnavis said a comprehensive inquiry was ordered into the fire and other 'make in india' events will not be affected.
;;0.0258;;navi mumbai, apr 9, 2016 (pti) 15:16 ista day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said he is fine with the ipl moving out of the drought-affected maharashtra, his party colleague and bcci secretary anurag thakur today warned that doing so will result in a loss of rs 100 cr for the state.
;;0.1675;;faced with criticism over huge quantity of water usage for pitches for ipl, fadnavis had yesterday said we do not have any problem, if ipl is shifted from maharashtra this season.
;;0.0;;the state government has made it compulsory to have toilets at candidate's home to contest elections of local bodies, fadnavis said, after the cabinet meeting.
;;0.6597;;the cabinet also decided to implement the visionary and dream scheme of pm narendra modi 'housing for all' by 2022 in maharashtra, fadnavis said.
;;0.6369;;this will help in promoting nature tourism in 48 sanctuaries, 6 national parks and 4 reserved conservation areas of maharashtra, fadnavis said.
;;0.2732;;i am in the process of developing the (cmo) on the lines of the pmo where a set of select bureaucrats assist the ministers in case they are not able to carry out certain tasks, fadnavis told reporters on saturday.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in delhi said, as of now i have not obtained any information about the incident.
;;0.0;;speaking in his hometown nagpur, fadnavis said his government has not been getting the bureaucracys cooperation.
;;0.0;;talking to reporters here, fadnavis said the offer has come from the china communications construction company, a state-owned entity.
;;0.0;;speaking to reporters, fadnavis said the mandate has been for transparency.
;;0.0;;we will not claim the post of leader of opposition either, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said a three-member committee of former bureaucrats ramnath jha, gautam chatterjee and sharad kale would look into the issue of transparency and file a report.
;;0.0;;we have decided to set up a full-fledged memorial befitting his stature in mumbai, fadnavis announced.
;;0.0;;meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis announced a compensation of rs 2 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.6808;;fadnavis also told the assembly that there was a drastic drop in the crime rate in the state.
;;-0.5423;;fadnavis also told the house that the crime rate has dropped to some extent.
;;0.4767;;they were carrying rewards from rs two lakh to rs 10 lakh, fadnavis said.
;;0.7269;;it could be judiciary vs legislaturehours after the supreme court ordered the maharashtra government to grant licences to dance bars by march 15, chief minister devendrafadnavis said that it would bring in a legislation, dhns reports from mumbai.
;;0.4019;;the government pleader in the supreme court informed that the court has accepted all conditions imposed by maharashtra government on dance bars with few modifications, but the court has has disallowed the condition of live monitoring through cctv and has asked to enforce surveillance at the entrance only, fadnavis said.
;;0.0258;;paying rich tribute to the departed leader, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the state had lost an ajat shatru (a person with no enemies).
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the conditions and details of the scheme would be finalised by the committee.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had on friday announced the formation of the six-member committee to look into the various demands of farmers, including the loan waiver.
;;0.0;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has asked the police to consider her application favourably.
;;0.2023;;fadnavis said, my sincere apologies to those who were stopped by the police unnecessarily.
;;0.2023;;when asked what was important for him, self esteem or government, fadnavis said it was self-esteem.
;;0.6486;;as per the directives of the special tada court, rejection of mercy petitions by the president, governor and the orders of the supreme court, yakub abdul razak memon was hanged in nagpur central jail at 7 am, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, told the maharashtra assembly.
;;0.128;;fadnavis, who was in dhule in north maharashtra to review water projects, however, said that his government had launched a campaign jalyukta shivar abhiyan.
;;-0.0634;;mumbai, mar 30, 2015, (pti) 14:55 istdefending his cabinet colleague girish mahajan who is being criticised for attending a children's event with a revolver tucked in his waist, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he has not broken any law.
;;0.2732;;fadnavis said the opposition was trying to create an unnecessary controversy.
;;-0.2732;;when the matter was raised in the council, fadnavis said, girish mahajan has a licence for keeping a weapon.
;;0.25;;his revolver was tucked in his waist and a controversy was created out of it by news channels when a portion of the pistol became visible inadvertently, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;this project will be completed at any cost now, fadnavis told pti.
;;0.0;;he has never hidden any facts, fadnavis said yesterday.
;;0.5106;;chief minister devendrafadnavis has asked the state police to discontinue the practice of giving the guard of honour in every district, he visits, calling it a waste of time and resources.
;;0.0;;this is nautanki (drama), fadnavis said.
;;-0.3612;;addressing a press conference after a cabinet meeting here, fadnavis said the government has directed the civic body to rework on the dp and rectify the mistakes.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis said the committee headed by chief secretary was asked to suggest whether to give a two-month extension to the existing dp for inviting suggestions and objections or ask the bmc to make a new dp and republish it.
;;0.0;;i will decide when it comes to me, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;however, we are adding 5,700 more villages, taking the total to around 24,700 villages, fadnavis told reporters in the vidhan bhavan complex in nagpur after a meeting with the inter-ministerial central team, which visited various parts of vidarbha and marathwada regions.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had said that the government will give rs 5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;-0.3612;;fadnavis had said that apart from two state-run buses, a tavera and a honda city car had also fallen into the river after the bridge crumbled on tuesday night.
;;-0.3182;;prime minister narendra modi will be voted back to power in the 2019 general elections, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has said emphasising that the indian leader is addressing basic problems of the common man through flagship schemes of constructing toilets, providing bank accounts and gas connections.
;;-0.25;;fadnavis said at a time when india is the fastest growing economy in the world, is developing infrastructure and technology, modi is simultaneously addressing the problems of a common man.
;;0.3612;;fadnavis said citizens of the country are now getting basic requirements like gas connections and bank accounts.
;;-0.6705;;asked about the electoral losses suffered by the bjp in the recently held by-elections in kairana and noorpur seats in uttar pradesh and bhandara-gondiya lok sabha seat in maharashtra as the country gets ready for the 2019 general elections, fadnavis said by-elections cannot be a yardstick since in the by-elections the voting is low.
;;-0.8271;;on the threat letters allegedly by maoists containing a plot to target modi, fadnavis said the letter have been recovered from a hard disk and there is other corroborating evidence that an assassination attempt was being planned against modi.
;;0.0;;however, immediately after the cabinet meeting, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who heads the bjp government, told newspersons the government would last its full term.
;;0.0;;the government would complete its full term of five years, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;chief minister devendrafadnavis had earlier said the government will give rs five lakh to the kin of the deceased.
;;0.4404;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said deora was a grassroots leader who was connected with top business leaders as well as the common man.
;;-0.6908;;notably, fadnavis had also yesterday asked maharashtra dgp to probe the triple murder.
;;0.0;;in his brief address, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the 50  of the fdi india received recently had come to maharashtra, which shows how investment-friendly his state is.
;;0.6124;;fadnavis said that going alone in assembly election brought out the true strength of bjp.
;;0.0516;;fadnavis had on saturday said that their decision to fight solo in last year's assembly polls brought out the true might of bjp.
;;0.4019;;boosting moralewith collective initiative, we have to boost the morale of farmers and help them tide over the crisis, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
;;0.0;;the situation is normal don't believe in rumours miscreants will not be spared, said maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
;;-0.1027;;maharashtra to top country in conviction rate: fadnavismumbai, oct 31, 2015, (pti) 12:36 istmaharashtra has registered a phenomenal increase in crime conviction rate after bjp-led government came to power and the state is likely to emerge as india's leader on this front next year, chief minister devendrafadnavis said.
;;0.4588;;fadnavis, whose government completed one year in office today, said maharashtra now figures among the first five states as far as conviction rate is concerned, a dramatic improvement from its ranking in last two-three states during the previous congress-led regime.
;;0.0;;5 crore cases are available at a click, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;of the 6000 cctvs planned to be installed in mumbai 1200 have been installed and next year all of mumbai will be covered by the cctv network, the cm said.
;;-0.4939;;on regular media focus of crimes in his hometown nagpur in vidarbha region, fadnavis said nagpur is being defamed as the crime capital as i hail from that city.
;;0.7792;;asked if the public perception about his government has changed in the last one year, fadnavis said, it's still positive and hasn't become very negative as some are trying to project.
;;0.0;;on rising cases of farmers suicides, fadnavis said,it's not as if the suicides didn't happen during the congress led regime.
;;0.4767;;the ambitious jalyukt shivar abhiyan for water conservation is beginning to show results, fadnavis said.
;;0.4767;;fadnavis said the work on ambedkar memorial at indu mill land in mumbai and undertaking the mumbai-nagpur expressway were the other ambitious projects of his government.
;;0.6486;;on the industrial front, fadnavis said maharashtra has attracted investments of rs one lakh crore, including from giants like foxconn who he said will be a game changer for industrial development of maharashtra.
;;-0.296;;there are no such plans, fadnavis told the maharashtra legislature on tuesday.
;;0.0;;anyone can check what he said, said fadnavis.
;;0.0;;earlier, fadnavis had said he would take an 0'appropriate decision' on the issue after getting the report from the home secretary, to whom maria had provided information on his meeting with lalit modi in july last year in london.
;;0.0;;i will take an appropriate decision after the file comes to me, fadnavis told pti.
;;0.0;;fadnavis had on sunday said that based on maria's information, further course of action would be decided.
;;0.0;;however, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that the culprits will be nabbed soon.
;;0.4019;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has already announced a special audit of reliance infra-led mumbai metro one pvt ltd (mmopl) by the controller and auditor general (cag) to examine the actual expenditure and operating cost, among others, as the government had reservations over the fare hike and escalated cost of the project.
;;0.2023;;the high-powered panel, headed by revenue minister chandrakant patil, included lok sabha member raju shetti of swabhimani shetkari saghathana, mla bacchu kadu and members of the steering committee spearheading the farmers agitation,conditions and detailing will be finalised by a joint committee, said fadnavis, adding, farmers and their betterment was, is and will always be this governments top priority.
;;0.0;;fuel prices will come down once the centre builds a consensus to bring petrol and diesel under the goods and services tax (gst), maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said today.
;;-0.1695;;talks are going on with finance ministers of all states, fadnavis said, adding that other states have not given their consent yet.
;;0.6369;;meanwhile, praising prime minister narendra modi, fadnavis said the centre has stood behind his state government like the himalayas and that all stalled projects were given a clearance under modi's rule.
;;0.7184;;first the trust vote and then expansion, said fadnavis, who has called for a special three-day session of the state assembly on november 10.
;;0.34;;maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said on tuesday morning that rajan will be brought to mumbai and security arrangements are in place, though he declined to divulge more details.
;;-0.0572;;to a question on rajans allegation that some in mumbai police have links with underworld don dawood ibrahim, the police chief said: i do not want to respond to an allegation made by a gangster.
;;0.802;;with the blessings of people of maharashtra and india, i'm safe and my team is fine too, fadnavis said immediately after the incident and spoke to tv channels, posted details on social media.
;;0.1546;;there is nothing to worry about, said fadnavis, who was calm and composed after the accident.
;;0.128;;he was calm, composed: wifeamruta fadnavis, the wife of chief minister devendrafadnavis , said that he was calm and composed after the accident.
;;0.5994;;on reports of shiv sena's demand for ministerial berths before the trust vote, fadnavis had earlier said no minister will be sworn-in before the trust vote in the state assembly.
;;0.4588;;the issue took another turn when maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said ghulam ali was welcome to perform in mumbai.
;;-0.296;;fadnavis said that prime minister narendra modi has worked for many years both as chief miniser and in the oppostion and has experienced the difficulties in the centre-state relationship.
;;0.0;;till the new institution comes up, it will keep functioning, fadnavis said.
;;0.0;;the participation of states is increasing in that framework, fadnavis said.
;;0.2263;;based on its results, the central government will decide whether to allow them (gm crops) to be brought into the market or not, fadnavis told pti.
;;0.0;;later, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced that the thane nursing training college would also be renamed after her.
;;0.0;;i don't have all the pertinent information with me yet, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said, according to ibn live the issue came to light when a woman, who took the child to the fast-food restaurant in question, posted it on her facebook account.
;;0.4588;;i think the whole world will welcome this move, fadnavis said.
;;-0.0772;;apart from reservation, we are solving problems faced by the maratha community by (promoting) financial empowerment, employment and entrepreneurship, fadnavis said.
;;-0.4588;;terming the incident as unfortunate, fadnavis said he has asked the police and local authorities to speed up the operations.
;;0.5574;;maratha reservations: maha govt to approach sc, says fadnavismumbai, nov 14, 2014 (pti): 14:16 istmaharashtra government has decided to approach the supreme court after the bombay high court stayed the decision to give 16 per cent reservation to marathas in public service and educational institutions, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today.
;;-0.3612;;we will take measures to ensure that the quota remains, fadnavis told reporters on the sidelines of an event in suburban vile parle.
;;0.3818;;it is this government's commitment that the reservation for maratha community remains, fadnavis said.
;;0.7184;;the state decided to hand over the probe to the premier investigation agency as there were many financial transactions involved and the government felt it would be easier for cbi to probe the various aspects involved in the case, said fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio.
;;-0.4215;;we felt it would be better if a central agency probed the murder as it would have all necessary resources at its disposal, fadnavis said.
;;0.3849;;it is not only the feeling of bjp and sena workers, but also that of the people of maharashtra that sena join the government, fadnavis said.
;;0.6597;;i am confident that shiv sena will join the state government soon, fadnavis said.
;;-0.5423;;yesterday, after the 30-second video went viral and sparked a public outrage, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had said, this is a serious matter.
;;0.0;;i have asked the district collector to look into the issue and give a report, said fadnavis in reaction to the incident.
;;-0.7906;;the allegation that i forced delay of the flight to newark is false and misleading, fadnavis had earlier said.
;;0.3182;;fadnavis, however, said kasuri wont be allowed to have any anti-india view and if he does, the organiser will be responsible.
;;0.4939;;we are committed to provide reservation to the maratha community, chief minister devendrafadnavis said after the weekly cabinet meeting, which among other things, increased the upper limit of the economically backward class to rs 6 lakh.
;;-0.1531;;chief minister devendrafadnavis , when being asked about the outburst of shiv sena, said: sena has been our longtime associate, and as an able coalition partner, it should be with us in good times and bad.
;;0.2235;;we won't stop them, fadnavis said, in an apparent reference to reports that the shiv sena was toying with the idea of roping in the congress to bag the mumbai mayor's post.
;;0.0;;whether we bag power (in bmc) or not, we will never go with the congress, the cm said.
;;-0.2151;;no 'prima facie' evidence of wrongdoing by pankaja: fadnavisnew delhi, june 25, 2015, (pti) 18:22 istno discrepancies have been found prima facie in maharashtra minister pankaja munde clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore under the icds scheme without inviting tenders, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here today, but did not rule out ordering a probe.
;;0.0;;fadnavis said the minute details will be gone into before an inquiry is ordered.
;;-0.4767;;we will look into the issue and if anything wrong is found, action would be taken, fadnavis told reporters on tuesday.
;;0.8442;;the meeting assumes significance as it comes just a day after chief minister devendrafadnavis said that sena representatives will not be inducted into the state's bjp government before it wins the trust vote.
;;0.765;;pehle vishwas phir vistar (first the trust vote and then expansion), fadnavis had said yesterday, when asked by reporters if shiv sena ministers would be inducted before his government seeks a trust vote in the assembly on november 12.
;;0.8126;;praising the joint initiative as a beautiful facility, fadnavis said, i dedicate this entire facility (which also contains an underground two-level parking lot for 2000 cars) to the mumbaikars.
