by express news servicemumbai: the controversy surrounding the killing of tigress avni triggered a fresh war of words between the ruling bjp and the shiv sena on saturday, with sena president uddhav thackeray terming the states governments decision to set up a committee to probe the killing as a farce.
read| 'avni was starving when she was killedthe appointment of the committee (to probe killing of the tigress) is a farce.
the incident needs to be probed by a committee under a retired judge, thackeray said.
he also criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis defence that mungantiwar (state forest minister) didnt shoot the tigress himself.
stepping up the heat on the ruling party, the aam aadmi party (aap), too, joined the activists in raising doubts over the killing.
read| tigress avni's killing: union minister nitin gadkari backs maharashtra forest minister sudhircity congress chief sanjay nirupam even accused state forest minister sudhir mungantiwar of having a nexus with the international poaching mafia.
after the maneaters post-mortem examination report raised questions on whether proper procedure was followed while trying to neutralise her, the state government on friday night announced the appointment of a committee to probe the incident.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today lashed out at the opposition for `boycotting' the national anthem at the end of the month-long budget session of state legislature.
opposition leaders met me today and said they would participate in the proceedings if the suspension of their mlas was revoked.
the suspension was revoked, but the opposition did not keep their word.
what pained me was they boycotted the national anthem at the end of the session as well, he said.
fadnavis reiterated that loan waiver -- which the opposition demanded during the session -- was one of the solutions to farmers' problems, and not the only one.
ours is a farmer-friendly government, he added.
in congress-ruled karnataka, the state government has not accepted the demand for loan waiver but has sent a proposal to the centre, he said.
fadnavis justified the suspension of 19 opposition mlas for creating ruckus during the budget presentation, saying decorum of the house needed to be maintained.
when we were in opposition, our mlas too committed the same mistake.
our mlas were suspended for one year.
.
.
we revoked the suspension of congress and ncp members in the same session, he pointed out.
but we can't ignore the social aspect.
political leadership needs to balance both economics and social reality.
i am trying to strike a balance, he said.
by iansmumbai: the congress on sunday demanded that the massive floods in maharashtra be declared as 'l3' category disaster and the centre help in tackling the situation.
'l3'-level is an indication of a very large-scale disaster, according to guidelines of the national disaster management authority (ndma).
floods have wrecked havoc in parts of western maharashtra following heavy rains in the past one week.
over four lakh people have so far been been evacuated from flood-affected areas, including 3.
78 lakh from the worst-hit kolhapur and sangli districts.
in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis , maharashtra congress general secretary sachin sawant said, the current situation in kolhapur, sangli and other parts of the state needs to be categorised as 'l3', as per guidelines of the national disaster management authority (ndma).
so far, the centre has not provided any major assistance to the flood-affected people of maharashtra, sawant said.
with such categorisation, it would become mandatory for the centre to assist the affected people in maharashtra.
the demand should be considered and implemented on priority, he said in the letter.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has condoled the demise of noted litterateur anand yadav who passed away in pune last night.
dr anand yadav's demise is a big loss.
he captured the transition and transformation in the agricultural society in his literature and created a perfect picture before the readers, he said.
his life was full of struggle and he succeeded in effectively representing the woes and sorrows of rural folk.
marathi literature and readers will always miss him for unique empathy for village people and their lifestyle, fadnavis added.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: it's not the fear, but the trust is the stronger force that is driving people from other parties to join the bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis said as two senior leaders from the congress and the ncp were formally inducted into the bjp on wednesday.
former congress mla from indapur in pune district harshwardhan patil and former ncp mla from belapur in navi mumbai ganesh naik were formally inducted into the bjp in two different functions by cm fadnavis and state bjp president chandrakant patilthe leadership of prime minister narendra modi has instill trust amongst people that he only can lead the nation on the path of development.
former minister for cooperation harshwardhan patil said that joining bjp is a thing of pride for him due to several decisions of modi government including abrogation of article 370.
if one has to work with trust, principles and honesty the only option available is bjp, he said while speaking after his formal induction into the party.
former minister for environment and forest ganesh naik said that development is the key why he chose to side with the bjp.
the state and central governments are working in tandem and have instilled faith amongst people that going along with them is truely walking the way of development, he said.
patil also rules the navi municipal corporation and 48 ncp corporators too joined the bjp along with him at the function.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will next week resume his 'mahajanadesh yatra', which he suspended in view of the floods battering parts of the state, a bjp functionary said on wednesday.
fadnavis earlier started his mass contact programme from amravati in vidarbha region on august 1, ahead of the state assembly polls due in september-october.
however, he suspended it on august 6 after facing flak from the opposition for carrying on with the campaign despite rains wrecking havoc in many parts of the state.
the chief minister will resume his campaign from august 21, said bjp leader sujitsingh thakur, who is in- charge of organising the yatra.
earlier, the first phase of the yatra, covering vidarbha region and nandurbar in north maharashtra, was supposed to be completed by august 9.
as per the new plan, kolhapur, pune, sangli, satara have been omitted from fadnavis' campaign, thakur said.
the second phase of the programme was earlier supposed to start from august 17, which has now been changed to august 21, he added.
thane: in the latest in a series of incidents of attacks on policemen in maharashtra, four youths of a ganesh utsav mandal allegedly tried to drown a sub-inspector in kalyan township of thane.
raising the safety of police personnel as a matter of serious concern, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today met chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking protection to law enforcers and strict punishment to attackers.
uddhav spelled out his concerns on a day when the purported video of a policeman being pushed into a lake and four youths of a local ganesh utsav mandal trying to drown him in kalyan township of thane district went viral.
the youths had earlier objected to being disciplined by police sub-inspector niteen dondu dagale.
during immersion of the ganpati idols last evening, dagale (38), attached to kolsewadi police station in kalyan, was on bandobust duty at teesgaon talao of the town.
as he was controlling the crowd assembled for the immersion, some members of jari mari ganesh utsav mandal, who were asked to follow the queue system, objected to being disciplined and picked up a quarrel with dagale.
later, the youths allegedly pushed him into the lake.
when dagale struggled to come out of the water, one of the youths jumped in and again allegedly tried to drown him, but he managed to save himself by swimming out of the lake, police said.
the video also showed people indulging in revelry with no one coming to the rescue of the police officer.
the kolsewadi police has registered offences against the four accused under ipc sections 307 (attempt to murder), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions) read with 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention).
a manhunt has been launched to nab the youths.
the shiv sena chief met fadnavis at his official residence over the concerns harboured by families of policemen in wake of the recent attacks on police personnel.
the chief minister said the government will consider all demands of the families of police personnel.
the police families residing in worli's bdd chawl had expressed their anger over the attack on traffic constable vilas shinde, who was allegedly beaten up by two youths following which he succumbed to his injuries on august 31.
shinde was hit on head with a wooden plank allegedly by a juvenile after he asked the latter for vehicle documents at a petrol pump in suburban khar.
a day after he died, a helmet-less rider rammed into a traffic constable at kurla in mumbai when the policeman attempted to stop him at a nakabandi.
in another incident, a traffic constable was injured at a traffic junction in thane when he tried to stop a vehicle on september 2.
uddhav, who was accompanied by a few sena ministers, including minister of state for home deepak keskarkar, and the families of policemen, later told reporters that i think the home department needs a separate minister to check attacks on police.
i demanded three things from the cm -- safety of cops in state, proper implementation of law, and strict punishment to attackers, he said.
mns chief raj thackeray had also recently spoken against the incident and met the families of policemen.
he informed them of various initiatives taken by the state government for police welfare, including full day salary for working on holiday, inclusion of police in pm awas yojna and provision of rs 2,000 crore for police housing this year.
he also assured them of setting up of a committee to address their issues and inclusion of their family members in the panel.
fadnavis also informed that the government is working on some unique initiatives for police health, and to increase interaction between police and public.
a skill training programme for wives of policemen is also being planned.
mumbai: stung by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' calling his outfit a party of extortionists, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray today said he will not like to react to it.
he, however, chose to taunt the bjp over its yet unfulfilled promise of building a ram temple at ayodhya.
addressing a bjp rally here last night, an aggressive fadnavis had equated the sena to a party of extortionists and described the outfit's dominance over mumbai for the past two decades as a huge loss to the megapolis.
i do not want to give any reaction to his (fadnavis') speech last night, thackeray told reporters here, after congress corporator and former leader of opposition in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) devendra amberkar joined the sena in his presence, ahead of the february 21 bmc polls.
he (fadnavis) had earlier said that no one becomes the prime minister simply by giving a speech from red fort.
similarly, nobody becomes lord krishna just because one thinks (of himself) so, he said.
thackeray did not name bjp mumbai chief ashish shelar, who at yesterday's rally, had drawn the mahabharata analogy while referring to sena-bjp ties and termed fadnavis as lord krishna and expected that krishna will address to fight against the 'kauravas' (sena).
i will not speak on what he (fadnavis) has said.
people of mumbai will respond to it, thackeray said.
his (fadnavis') earlier image has been maligned.
now, one fears if the image will become that of a 'cm of goons', he added.
taunting the bjp for failing to honour its poll promise of building a ram temple at ayodhya, thackeray said, they (bjp) must be looking for the bricks they had collected earlier.
if they find those bricks, may be they will build the temple.
now, the masks have fallen.
their (bjp leaders') real faces have come before the people, he said.
thackeray's remarks came a day after bjp president amit shah, while releasing the party's manifesto for the upcoming uttar pradesh assembly election, said it will try to build the ram temple in ayodhya as per constitutional norms.
by express news servicemumbai: in a whirlwind tour of maharashtra on tuesday, prime minister narendra modi will lay foundation stones for thane-mumbai and pune metros and a housing scheme for the economically weaker sections (ews) and low-income groups (lig) at kalyan and pune in maharashtra.
pm modi, who will arrive in the city in the morning, is also scheduled to release a book at raj bhavan and participate in the republic conclave in the first half of the day.
his tour has come under criticism from the bjps ruling ally shiv sena, for its president uddhav thackeray has been kept away from the official program at thane-kalyan and pune.
shiv sena controls both the thane and kalyan-dombivali municipal corporations, and hence the shiv sena leadership was expecting a place alongside pm modi during.
the shiv sena also took revenge of sorts by going ahead with the foundation laying ceremony of mumbai coastal road on sunday.
the foundation stone was kept at the hands of uddhav thackeray while chief minister devendrafadnavis was not invited to the programme.
while pm modi would be inaugurating various projects in kalyan and pune between 2.
30pm and 7.
30pm on tuesday, bjp national president amit shah would be in the city to address party cadres on wednesday.
while the partys poor show in the three states it ruled is being blamed on the laid-back attitude that has sneaked in among cadres, amit shah will only meeting only legislators during his visit.
there too, some of the party he is likely to face the wrath of disgruntled party mlas like anil gote, who had recently announced his resignation after he was sidelined in local municipal elections.
by express news servicemumbai: thousands of tribals, farmers, students and workers gathered at nashik, who had started their second long march to cover 180 km and reach mumbai on thursday withdrew the agitation after successful negotiations with maharashtra cabinet ministers girish mahajan and jayprakash rawal.
cpi(m) mla from surgana in nashik district j p gawit made the announcement regarding withdrawal of agitation after the meeting at around 11pm.
in wake of delay in implementation of the promises made by the government, a decision has been taken to set up a committee for reviewing the implementation of promises which would meet at intervals of once in two months and give recommendations on implementation of promises, gavit said while announcing withdrawal of the agitation.
maharashtra irrigation minister girish mahajan said that chief minister devendrafadnavis would soon make a formal announcement regarding the promises made to the all india kisan sabha (aiks) delegation today and will also speak about various measures taken by the government over the issue.
aiks president ashok dhawale, had earlier in the day said that they had three meetings with chief minster devendrafadnavis and others including mahajan.
we took the decision to take the long march again only after there was no solution in sight even after three meetings, he said.
recommendations of the national commission on farmers headed by dr ms swaminathan needs to be implemented.
remunerative price is another big issue.
though government announces msp, farmers dont get the rate on several occasion.
the onion issue in maharashstra is well known.
we have been asking the government to come up with concrete solutions to solve these problems.
if they call a special session for gst, why not do so for farmers, dhawale said while explaining the reasons that led to the march.
there is tremendous agrarian distress across the country.
farmers are suffering.
it has even reflected in election results.
we are trying to bring the agrarian crisis to the national agenda, he added.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that bjp was sidelined when proposals were cleared in the standing committee of the bmc.
he also asserted that bjp was not involved in corrupt deals in bmc despite being a partner in power with shiv sena for the last 20-years.
.
.
.
in fact, many times we were sidelined and they (shiv sena) joined hands with mns and other smaller parties to get some proposals cleared in the standing committee meeting.
our corporators had a minor role.
standing committee is one of the most powerful committees in the civic body comprising corporators of all the parties.
this committee is authorised to clear tenders of development works to be done in the city.
the comments by fadnavis assume significance as his party is being repeatedly questioned for maintaining silence on corruption in the bmc all these years despite being in alliance.
bjp leaders kirit somaiya and ashish shelar have alleged corruption in some developmental projects undertaken by the bmc.
shiv sena has become complacent towards mumbai's issues.
i want voters to give them (shiv sena) some time to rest by giving us majority in the bmc elections this time.
according to primary information, bmc has spent as much as rs 8,000 crore only on gutter cleaning.
commenting on the identity politics and sena's attempt to appeal for 'sons-of-soil', he said, bjp too has marathi leadership; hence such appeal will no longer affect our party.
if shiv sena is talking about marathi people, why areas like girgaon still face water problems.
on the other hand, we are not only bringing metro to girgaon but giving 500 sq ft of homes to affected people, though the current size of their house is less than that, he added.
on somaiya's allegations of sham companies being used for money laundering, the chief minister said, i have asked him to submit these names to appropriate authority so that they can continue their investigation.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra minister vinod tawde wednesday announced that caste validity certificate for the socially and economically backward class (sebc) category was not mandatory for admissions to engineering and other professional courses.
tawde made the announcement in the legislative assembly after the question hour.
the move will benefit students from the maratha community, declared as socially and educationally backward class (sebc) by the government.
the higher and technical education minister said the meeting of the admission controlling authority was held on wednesday morning under the chairmanship of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the admission process for engineering and other professional courses for the academic year 2019-20 has already begun, he said.
the issue of caste validity certificate for the newly-created sebc was discussed during the meeting, he said, adding that there was a shortage of staff for providing the caste certificates.
the sebc category is not a part of the maharashtra scheduled castes (sc), scheduled tribes (st), de-notified tribes (dnt), nomadic tribes (nt), other backward classes (obc), special backward category (regulation of issuance and verification of) caste certificate act, 2000.
hence, caste validity certificate for sebc category students should not be insisted till further instructions, he said.
for non-sebc students, there will be relaxation as per the supreme court directives, he added.
in november last year, the maharashtra legislature had passed a bill proposing 16 per cent reservation in education and government jobs for marathas.
nagpur: former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan has suggested that currency notes of rs 200 denomination should be introduced and said that there was no need to bring into circulation rs 1,000 notes again.
chavan aired this view during his speech in the assembly, wherein the combined opposition criticised the modi government for putting common man, farmers, poor, vendors and rural population in great trouble due to demonetisation.
initiating the debate, chavan said the decision was taken with an eye on state assembly elections in punjab and uttar pradesh.
launching further attack, he said surprisingly the government was promoting foreign-linked payment gateways.
we should not encourage foreign-linked payment gateways, said the congress leader.
on restrictions imposed upon district cooperative banks, the opposition demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis use his good offices to convince the central government and union finance minister to solve the issue as transactions at these banks have come to a grinding halt.
the rural economy is on the verge of collapse, chavan said, and questioned the wisdom behind the decision.
he wanted to know if the bjp and chief minister fadnavis can say on oath that black money was not used in the lok sabha elections in 2014.
did they use debit and credit cards for electioneering?
, he asked.
ridiculing the idea of cashless economy, chavan said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented.
talking about the cooperative bank's crisis, the former chief minister said, if some have committed irregularities in implementation, they should be penalised.
their banking licences should be cancelled but beneficiaries of the cooperative sector should not suffer.
chavan said the then rbi governor raghuram rajan had warned against the demonetisation.
by ptinew delhi: about 10 months after complaints from the prime minister's office, the cbi has registered two cases to probe alleged fraudulent use of the letterhead of a joint secretary in the top office in letters seeking favours, including one addressed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , officials said.
it is alleged that one of the fraudulent letters was addressed to the chief minister on a purported pmo letterhead signed by debashree mukherjee, joint secretary in the prime minister's office, on november 27, 2017, the agency has said in the fir.
it is alleged in above said purported letter (was) to favour vilayati ram mittal, navi mumbai in connection with the development of plot in bandra, the fir said.
the agency alleged that the purported letter said that local authorities are biased and helping some developers.
another fraudulent letter also on a purported pmo letterhead under the signature of mukherjee was directed to the drdo, pune and was sent through fax.
the said letter was about testing bio-fuel developed by a company, a n biofuel, and provide its report to the company, it alleged.
assistant director p k issar in the pmo had approached the cbi in april last year with a complaint alleging that none of the letters has been sent to the persons concerned, calling it a case of forgery, officials said.
by ptimumbai: days after his wife amruta fadnavis courted a controversy by clicking a selfie on the edge of a mumbai-goa cruise ship here, chief minister devendrafadnavis tuesday said she is an independent individual who acts as per her intellect.
she has an ideology of her own.
have i bought her?
he said while amruta was safely clicking the selfie at a safe spot, some narrow-minded individuals chose to troll her for the act.
some people click photos while hiding while others do it openly.
maharashtra has not seen young cms and their wives.
what can be done in the age of 38-40 can't be done at 56 years of age, he quipped.
a controversy erupted after a video of amruta clicking selfie while sitting on the edge of the cruise ship went viral.
she was attending the inauguration of domestic cruise liner angriya here on october 20.
the video shows security personnel trying to persuade her to return to a safer spot.
#watch: amruta fadnavis, wife of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , being cautioned by security personnel onboard india's first domestic cruise angria.
she had crossed the safety range of the cruise ship.
pic.
twitter.com/yyc47glkhd  ani (@ani) october 21, 2018fadnavis said the video was clicked from an angle which made it seem like amruta had ignored safety warnings.
amruta had sought the permission of the ship's captain before clicking the photo.
i, (union minister) nitin gadkari and the captain were all there at that time and there was a deck below her.
so she was completely safe, he said.
interestingly, amruta had monday said she was ready to apologise over the incident, but insisted that the spot where she was sitting was safe.
by ptimumbai: raising alarm over evms ahead of the maharashtra assembly polls, key opposition parties on friday pitched for reverting to the use of ballot papers and announced a protest march on august 21 over the issue.
a clutch of opposition leaders, key among them state congress chief balasaheb thorat, mns president raj thackeray and ncp's ajit pawar, held a joint press conference here over the evm issue.
they termed the april-may lok sabha polls results as shocking as they expressed concern over the use of electronic voting machines (evms) in unison.
speaking in wardha, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis asked opposition parties to introspect why they have lost the people's trust instead of finding fault with evms.seeking to develop a groundswell on the issue, the opposition leaders said they would reach out to the people and get filled forms, saying they want ballot papers back.
thackeray also stated that the bjp and the shiv sena, too, should join the august 21 march, which he added, will not have flag of any particular party.
the bjp had swept the lok sabha polls held in april- may this year, winning 303 seats.
in maharashtra, the bjp won 23 seats, while its ally shiv sena bagged 18 out of the total 48 in the state.
the congress won 52 lok sabha seats across the country, including one in maharashtra.
the sharad pawar-led ncp emerged victorious in 5 seats, including 4 in the state.
doubts are being raised over the use of evms. such things should not happen in a democracy.
various parties and organisations have expressed concerns over the use of the machines, pawar told reporters here.
we urge the people to flag the demand of holding the election using ballot papers, pawar, a former minister, said.
people have doubts about evms, vvpat as the elections are nearing.
we do not distrust anyone, but the elections must be held in a transparent manner, pawar said.
thackeray, who has been at the forefront of the anti- evm campaign by political parties, said the lok sabha poll results had shocked all -- those who won and lost.
people in the us had raised suspicions over donald trump's election as the president of that country.
the chips installed in the evms used here come from the us.
using ballot papers will instill trust among people on the poll process, thackeray said as he favoured doing away with the use of evms.thackeray, who campaigned against the bjp though his party did not contest the lok sabha polls, said all the opposition parties would reach out to the people getting filled forms, saying they want to revert to ballot papers.
these forms will be submitted to the poll panel on august 21, he added.
asked about the bjp pointing towards its loss in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh in the 2018 assembly polls despite the use of evms as it counterd the opposition's machine-related allegations, thackeray accused the ruling part of creating an illusion.
thackeray alleged the bjp's target was to retain power at the centre and not in these states.
so, all these things (poll results in the three states) were only for the satisfaction of you all, he said, suggesting the bjp lost the polls in the three states to deflate the opposition's criticism of the machines.
on fadnavis asking the opposition to introspect its defeat instead of finding faults with the evms, thackeray said, i think the one who has been installed on a seat (of the chief minister) should not speak much.
the mns chief also questioned what was the harm in resorting to the use of ballot papers if the ruling party feels it can win 220 or even 250 seats.
asked about media reports that the enforcement directorate might summon him, thackeray, a bitter critic of the ruling bjp, said, it doesn't make any difference to me.
i have read the news only through the media.
they haven't come to my home to say hello.
on his part, thorat said it is the demand of the people that the elections be held using ballot papers.
and when people have doubts in their minds, it is the responsibility of the election commission and also the government to clear those doubts, thorat said.
senior ncp leader chhagan bhujbal, pwp leader jayant patil, swabhimani shetkari sanghatana's raju shetti and cpi's prakash reddy, among others, also addressed the press.
the assembly polls are due in september-october.
on thursday, maharashtra chief electoral officer (ceo) baldev singh said evms are technically very secure and can never record a false vote.
he said these machines have a very robust security protocol and they can't be tampered with or manipulated.
by ptidhule: the sacrifices that the family of veer savarkar made in the freedom struggle are incomparable and his honour must be maintained, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said here on friday.
his remarks come a day after the national students' union of india (nsui), the student wing of the congress, said it blackened the savarkar's bust in delhi university.
swatantryaveer savarkar was a guru of many revolutionaries.
the sacrifices savarkar's family made for the country's freedom are incomparable.
therefore, i feel his honour must be kept.
but in case something has happened somewhere, stern action will be taken.
also read: veer savarkar's bust debuts next to bhagat singh, subhash chandra bose in north campus of delhi universitythe nsui had on thursday said that it blackened the bust of veer savarkar while garlanding those of bhagat singh and netaji subhash chandra bose, installed by the abvp-led delhi university students' union (dusu) at delhi university.
the dusu had installed the busts outside the arts faculty building on tuesday.
the nsui and the left-backed all india students' association had criticised the move, saying savarkar cannot be kept on the same pedestal as that of bose and singh.
by ptipune: a 28-year-old crpf jawan alleged that he was assaulted and handcuffed by police personnel in baramati taluka here on sunday without any provocation when he went to invite them for a condolence meet for the 40 crpf soldiers who were killed in the pulwama terror attack.
however, a senior police officer strongly refuted the allegations levelled by the jawan, ashok ingawale, a resident of songaon village, who is currently on leave.
the officer in turn alleged that it was ingawale who got into a brawl with the policemen.
the incident took place at pune's baramati rural police station.
talking to pti, ingawale, who claims to be posted in jammu and kashmir, said he was part of a small 'mandal' (community group) in his village and it was decided to hold a condolence meeting for the slain crpf soldiers during a shiv jayanti programme on tuesday.
on sunday afternoon, i, along with my cousin, who recently retired from the indian army, and one more youth, went to invite the senior officers of the baramati police station for the february 19 programme, he said.
however, we were stopped by a couple of police personnel who used intimidating and arrogant language, he added.
ingawale, who went to the police station with the other two on a two wheeler and in his uniform, claimed he showed his identity card to the police personnel and offered to pay the fine for triple riding, but they did not listen to him.
they further alleged i was drunk.
the police personnel then took me to a room where there was no cctv camera.
there i was beaten up by 10 to 15 police personnel, my uniform was torn and i was handcuffed, he alleged, adding that the policemen even abused him.
ingawale also denied that he was drunk.
also read | adil ahmad dar: diehard dhoni fan turned pulwama suicide bomberthere is no question of me being drunk because i have been working for the cause of alcohol de-addiction in the area.
so the allegations levelled by police are baseless and need to be investigated, he said.
the crpf jawan added that he had lodged a complaint against the high-handedness of police at the baramati police station.
additional superintendent of police sandip pakhale refuted ingawale's allegations.
he said ingawale indulged in triple riding and when the personnel at the police station stopped him, he started using intimidating language.
when he was taken inside the police station, he got into a brawl with the policemen and damaged chairs, pakhale said.
he claimed ingawale himself went into the lockup to show that he had been arrested.
however, when he realised that the ruckus may cost him his job, he changed tack and accused the policemen of assaulting him, pakhale said.
we have cctv footage which shows he himself tore his clothes, he said.
police also sought to know from ingawale why he was wearing the official uniform while he was on leave, the officer said.
nevertheless, we are trying to find out what exactly happened, said pakhale.
nationalist congress party leader ajit pawar strongly condemned the incident and said it showed the condition of law and order in the bjp-ruled state.
addressing a rally in the district, he said, if there is truth in this, i condemn the police action.
if soldiers, who are protecting us, are being beaten up in this way, it shows the condition of law and order in the state.
the former deputy chief minister said the guilty should be punished.
i will meet pune district's superintendent of police tomorrow and if need be, i will also meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and ask him about his control over the police department, pawar said.
if police want to take action, they should take action against those involved in criminal activities and those committing atrocities against women and girls, he said.
incidentally, ingawale said he had met pawar on sunday morning and invited him for the programme.
by ptimumbai: a 20-year-old swiggy executive, who was out delivering food, saved 10 lives from the massive fire at a mumbai hospital that killed eight people.
sidhu humanabade was passing by when he saw smoke bellowing out from upper floors of the esic kamgar hospital.
he left his bike and asked the firemen if he can join them in rescuing people.
after a nod from officials, he reached fourth floor of the building with the help of fire brigade's ladder and rescued some stranded patients and visitors.
braving the dense smoke that engulfed the area, he managed to bring out 10 people to safety in two hours.
during this, he chocked on the smoke and is currently admitted at the nearby seven hills hospital.
speaking to pti from his hospital bed, sidhu said when he heard people crying for help, he could not stop himself.
i joined the firemen in their rescue operation.
thankfully, the firemen allowed me to climb their ladder to reach the fourth floor.
i broke the building's glass with an axe and entered the premises.
he then asked the patients to come over to the window ledge and brought them down one by one.
one patient slipped from my hand and fell down, but fortunately she survived, said sidhu.
sidhu is from airoli but shifted to andheri's marol, where the hospital is, with his uncle a few days back when he joined swiggy.
union minister of state for labour and employment santosh gangwar tuesday met the victims admitted in various city hospitals and assured that they would be provided proper treatment.
sidhu said the minister met him too and enquired about his health and also asked about his deed.
it was nice to get appreciation from him, said sidhu, a class 12 pass out.
besides, a woman also recalled how her presence of mind led her to save herself and her infant daughter.
reenu narayan had brought 8-month-old sonika to the hospital for treatment of pneumonia.
when i saw people crying and screaming all over the place and the smoke spreading fast, i picked up my baby and ran.
i was lucky to find a passage to reach out to safety, narayan said.
meanwhile, all the rescued patients and visitors were undergoing treatment in seven hospitals across the city and 29 of them were in the intensive care unit (icu), a civic official said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday ordered a probe into the fire.
the union labour ministry also announced a compensation of rs 10 lakh for the kin of each of the deceased, rs 2 lakh for victims who received serious injuries and rs 1 lakh for those who suffered minor injuries.
on tuesday, the hospital staffers protested against its management and alleged that working conditions and infrastructure at the facility were poor.
the hospital building doesn't have fire safety installations nor any emergency exits.
its renovation work began 10 years ago and is still on.
doctors and nurses keep falling sick due to the bad working conditions.
we want our grievances to be addressed, a protesting staffer said.
city-based public health activist ravi duggal said the employee's state insurance corporation or esic has a huge cash reserve which is required to be spent properly on hospitals run by it.
the esic has reserves worth rs 50,000 crore.
the money is being used to open medical colleges, which is not mandated.
it (esic) gets contribution of rs 16,000 crore every year from its members, but only rs 7,000 crore is used for healthcare and the remaining is used somewhere else, like investments in corporate bonds, he claimed.
by ptimumbai: aiming to empower the widows of farmers who have committed suicide, the maharashtra government has decided to transfer land titles in their names.
the revenue and forest department issued a government resolution (gr) in this regard tuesday.
the maharashtra state commission for women (mscw) had submitted a report to the government recommending measures to empower farmers' widows.
the gr said that now onwards, the land title (including `7/12' extract or document) would be transferred in the woman's name if her husband, being a farmer, commits suicide.
such widows would also get priority in the distribution of other assets and monetary assistance will be given for the marriage of their daughters and for the schooling of children.
in december last year, mscw chairperson vijaya rahatkar had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis and recommended about a dozen measures to empower farmers' widows.
before that, the commission had conducted camp-cum- seminars in nagpur and aurangabad to understand socio-economic problems faced by the widows of farmers.
it found that such women face problem while getting property rights transferred in their names as often relatives of the husband object to it.
rahatkar welcomed the government's decision thursday.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: in the much-awaited reshuffle, 13 new ministers were inducted in the maharashtra state cabinet led by chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday.
five ministers of the existing cabinet are learnt to have tendered their resignations.
the expansion of the cabinet came just a day ahead of the state legislatures monsoon session that begins from monday.
the expansion was necessitated due to charges of corruption against housing minister prakash mehta who was indicted by the lokayukta.
also, the new entrants of both the alliance partners were to be accommodated.
as expected, veteran congress leader and former leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil, who rebelled against the congress after his son sujay was denied a ticket for the lok sabha elections, and ncp legislator jaidutta kshirsagar, who joined the shiv sena a month ago, were both inducted as cabinet ministers.
vikhe patil has quit as congress mla but is yet to join the bjp.
among those who have tendered their resignations and are likely to be dropped are three cabinet ministers prakash mehta (housing), vishnu savra (tribal development) and rajkumar badole (social justice) and two ministers of state  raje ambarish atram (tribal development) and dilip kamble (social justice).
all five are from the bjp.
the cabinet reshuffle was finalised on saturday after bjp chief amit shah approved the rejig proposal during cms' delhi visit on sidelines of niti aayog meeting.
bjp leaders ashish shelar (mumbai), anil bonde (amravati), atul save (aurangabad), sanjay kute (shegaon, buldhana), suresh khadse (sangli) and sanjay beghde (maval), avinash mahatekar of rpi(a) and shiv senas tanaji sawant from yavatmal were the others who were inducted in the cabinet today.
by iansmumbai: former congressman and leader of opposition in maharashtra radhakrishna vikhe-patil on sunday joined the cabinet of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
vikhe-patil, who joined as a minister, was administered the oath of office and secrecy by governor c.v. rao at a function in raj bhavan.
also inducted was a long-time contender, mumbai bharatiya janata party (bjp) president ashish shelar.
with this, fadnavis has consolidated the bjp's position before the upcoming assembly elections.
over a dozen ministers are expected to take the oath on sunday from various parties of the ruling alliance including bjp, shiv sena, republican party of india (a).
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the new chief minister of maharashtra after the assembly polls will be from the vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba), said party president prakash ambedkar, even as its ally, the all india majlis ittehad ul muslimeen (aimim), expressed displeasure over the number of seats offered to them and may even break away from the alliance.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , while criticizing the congress-ncp last week, had termed the vba as a serious contender in the assembly elections and added that the post of leader of the opposition will go to the vba instead of the two principal opposition parties.
prakash ambedkar, however, mocked him, saying that the vba will have its own chief minister after the election.
speaking at his party office here, ambedkar said he hasnt yet shut the doors on the congress if they are ready to accept his offer of 144 seats.
he also said that his partys stand on the ncp is firm and he wont have any kind of alliance with it at all.
while revealing his future plans, ambedkar said that the vbas strategy would be revealed at its grand rally in kolhapur on september 18.
a yatra will be started from nagpur on september 8 and will cover three districts every day before culminating at the grand rally in kolhapur, he said.
he added that the doors for the congress will be open till the party strategy is revealed in kolhapur.
the aimim had demanded 98 seats even as ambedkar had offered only eight seats to them.
when asked about it, ambedkar said that the arrangement has not been finalised yet and he is waiting for a decision from the congress regarding the alliance.
on the other hand, state president of the aimim, imtiyaz jaleel, said that though their strength is being undermined by the vba, they have decided to wait for some time before taking a final call about the alliance.
ambedkar and our party chief owaisi had made the alliance possible.
hence we are waiting for directives from our party leaders and we shall act accordingly, jaleel said.
jaleel, who had won the assembly election from aurangabad in 2014, won the recent lok sabha election from aurangabad constituency.
the aimim wasnt awarded any seat in the initial arrangement by the vba.
however, when jaleel warned them of a rebellion, he was given a ticket from aurangabad.
the mim had contested 24 assembly seats in 2014 in maharashtra and won two.
we have gained strength over the past five years and want to contest 98 seats, jaleel said, adding that there is no question of contesting fewer seats than they had contested in 2014.
fadnavis who addressed a press conference at nanded as part of his maha janadsh yatra came down heavily against the opposition parties at the former chief minister ashok chavans hometown.
the comment came when he was asked about vba being dubbed as the b team of bjp.
the times have changed and the congress and ncp are now the a and b teams of vba, he added.
fadnavis also took potshots at sharad pawar, who lost his cool over questions about his relatives deserting his party.
sharad pawar is a senior leader.
i wont say anything about him.
but, recently several leaders from his party have expressed confidence in prime minister narendra modis work and are joining the bjp.
pawar too should sense the changing times, he said.
fadnavis enlisted work done by his government over the past five years at the press conference.
1.
25 lakh of the new pmay houses have been approved for maharashtra, he said while highlighting how the centre too is supporting the state.
also, in a major deviation from the party line put for the by state president chandrakant patil, fadnavis stated that the decision on the induction of former chief minister narayan rane would be taken only after consultation with the shiv sena.
our alliance is strong and we would be contesting the assembly polls together.
mumbai: counting was underway today for polls to 10 civic bodies, including cash-rich bmc, and 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis across maharashtra, the results of which are likely to have a bearing on relations between bjp and shiv sena.
the congress and ncp are also in fray in the polls, dubbed as the 'mini-general elections'.
the prime focus is on the cash-rich 227-member brihanmumbai municipal corporation with the ruling bjp and shiv sena at the forefront of this battle of might.
the results after the counting, which began at 10 am today, will determine the fate of 21,620 candidates for 5,777 seats up for grabs in the 10 municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis for which the elections were held in two phases.
nearly 56 per cent voters had exercised their right to franchise during the elections to the 10 municipal corporations held on tuesday.
the mumbai civic body bmc recorded about 55 per cent turn-out.
besides, 69 per cent of the electorate cast their votes in the zilla parishads and panchayat samitis.
the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no-holds-barred campaign, relegating the opposition congress, ncp and other players like the mns and the aimim to the background.
apart from mumbai, the municipal corporations which went to the polls were thane, ulhasnagar, nashik, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amravati and nagpur.
in mumbai, the country's financial capital, there are 2,275 candidates.
the big poll focus is on the bmc, retaining control of which is vital for shiv sena as the city has remained its prime political space ever since the party's formation in 1966.
the sena has been in power in bmc for over two decades.
in municipal corporations excluding mumbai, there are multimember wards where the electorate cast their votes for each of the category in the panel.
each panel has more than two wards.
the districts where elections to 283 panchayat samitis were held are - ahmednagar, aurangabad, beed, buldhana, chandrapur, gadchiroli, hingoli, jalgaon, jalna, latur, nanded, osmanabad, parbhani, wardha, yavatmal, ratnagiri, sindhudurg, satara, sangli, kolhapur, pune, solapur, nashik, amravati and gadchiroli.
by express news servicemumbai: leader of opposition in maharashtra legislature radhakrishna vikhe-patil, on thursday, alleged that changes made in the development control rules for mumbai city by the state government are meant to benefit certain developers and the chief ministers office (cmo) has struck a deal worth rs 10,000 crore of which rs 5,000 crore have already been delivered.
vikhe-patil said that the rules, who favour the builders, should be changed within 15 days failing which he will move the high court and inform sebi.
however, in a statement, the state bjp, chief minister devendrafadnavis challenged vikhe-patil to prove the allegations or apologise.
else he would be sued for defamation, it said.
vikhe-patil had produced a list of builders and developers who, according to him, have directly benefitted out of the changes in the development control rules while giving estimated figures of their profits out of those changes.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: an illegal portion of a century-old building in the congested dongri area of south mumbai collapsed on tuesday killing at least 11 people.
while rescue workers managed to save eight lives, several others are still feared trapped under the debris.
it is difficult to say how many are still trapped, as nobody has a reliable headcount of people staying in the building, said a fire officer on the site.
confusion prevailed over the name of the building, its ownership, the authority responsible for it and whether it was declared dangerous or not.
view gallery: 10 dead, over 40 trapped as 100-year-old building collapses in mumbai's dongrithe four-storey structure collapsed around 11.
40 am and the fire brigade got the first information at 12.
10 pm.
the deceased and the injured have been identified as:narrow lanes in the abdul hamid durgah area of dongri in south mumbai made it very difficult for the official agencies to reach the spot.
while local people had begun rescue operations along with fire brigade and bmc officials, the ndrf team could reach the spot only after about two hours, said, officials.
cm @dev_fadnavis speaks to media on #mumbaibuildingcollapse incident in dongri where more than 40 people are feared trapped.
https://t.
co/og4hxsctqk pic.
twitter.com/k1duzqa1y8  cmo maharashtra (@cmomaharashtra) july 16, 2019at least 15 families were living in the building, which was declared dilapidated and had already been handed over to a developer for redevelopment, officials added.
also read: will take action against those responsible for lapses, says housing authoritythe building belonged to maharashtra housing development authority (mhada).
however, it had been given no objection certificate (noc) for redevelopment and a developer was appointed by local residents in 2012, said uday samant, chairman of mhada.
mumbai: kesarbai building has collapsed at tandel street, in dongri.
more than 40 people are feared trapped.
pic.
twitter.com/h2evbtgah6  ani (@ani) july 16, 2019as the building collapsed it sent shock waves shaking adjacent buildings.
as the residents complained about the shocks, rescue operators vacated the adjoining buildings as safety measures.
also read: minor wrapped in cloth rescued from mumbai building collapse debrislocal mla varis pathan accused the authorities of neglecting the old dilapidated buildings.
the building was about 100 years old.
we had given permission to redevelop that area.
we will know after investigation if the redevelopment initiative was delayed.
right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
also read: confusion prevails over ownership of 100-year-old kausarbaug buildingbuilding safety is the most serious concern in the south mumbai area where the concentration of old buildings is very high.
according to statistics, while around 499 of such buildings have been declared dangerous only about 70 have been vacated and an even lesser number have been cleared for redevelopment.
meanwhile, the name of the ill-fated kausar baug building, which crashed on tuesday killing at least two persons, is mysteriously omitted from a comprehensive list of 499 dangerous buildings prepared by the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), said an rti activist.
by ptipalghar: a 32-year-old bus driver, mistaken to be a thief and thrashed by a group of people in maharashtra's palghar district, has succumbed to his injuries at a hospital in gujarat, police said on tuesday.
six people have been booked in connection with the incident, palghar police spokesperson hemant katkar said.
the victim, ranjit pandey, was standing near a bus in boisar area on august21 when some people there suspected that he intended to steal the vehicle's battery and deflate its tyres, he said.
they then caught hold of pandey and thrashed him severely, he said.
the victim, who was badly injured, was rushed to a local hospital.
he was later shifted to a hospital in neighbouring valsad district of gujarat where he died on sunday, he said.
the boisar police on monday booked six people - anwar garagewalla, his brother mintu, two accomplices and two friends of the latter - under indian penal code sections 302 (murder), 143, 149 (unlawful assembly) and 147 (rioting).
no arrest has been made so far, he added.
several incidents of mob fury have come to light from various places across the county in recent times.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
mumbai: former shiv sena mp from pune, gajanan babar today joined the bjp, ahead of the civic polls scheduled in maharashtra next month.
babar joined bjp in the presence of state chief minister devendrafadnavis and pune guardian minister girish bapat, party mla bala bhegade said.
babar has a good network in area of pimpri chinchwad municipal corporation, which is going to the polls next month.
pcmc is currently controlled by ncp, but in the recent past some of its local leaders joined the bjp.
with babar's induction, bjp's prospects look better, party spokesperson kanta nalawade told pti.
babar hails from kikali, a village in satara district.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: in a big relief for over 25 lakh daily commuters in mumbai, members of the brihanmumbai electric supply and transport employees union resumed duties after nine-day strike on wednesday.
after hearing the union's side in the morning, the division bench of bombay high court presided by chief justice n h patil directed the best employees union to withdraw the strike and continue negotiations with the administration.
the court appointed high powered committee while agreeing to most of the demands of the employee union, had prepared a plan for settling workers' dues in 10 instalments.
while the union agreed to the plan, they also demanded the appointment of an independent mediator for monitoring execution of the proposed plan as well as for further negotiations.
after the court's nod over the demands, the union withdrew the strike.
union leader shahshank rao announced the withdrawal of strike at the workers' meeting at wadala depot after which the bus services were resumed from most of the 27 deports across the city.
while speaking at the workers' meeting rao hit hard at the shiv sena and its chief uddhav thackeray for delay n the negotiations to end the strike.
it was thackeray who prevented chief minister devendrafadnavis , else with his intervention the strike would have ended very soon, rao said.
rao also blamed thackeray for the mess in the civic transport undertaking.
he accused the shiv sena of eyeing the huge bus depots of the best and said that they want to sell them off for their own benefit.
according to the plan proposed by the high-powered committee, implementation of interim pay-hike for about 15,000 out of total 32,000 employees, which had been pending since 2007 would be immediately initiated while the '10-step increment' too shall begin this month.
for rest of their demands, the union would continue talks with the administration.
while upholding the union's demand of an independent mediator, the high court appointed retired high court justice f.i. rebello as the mediator and said that the mediator shall, within a period of three months discuss demands put forth by the employees, like 20-step pay hike, merger of best and bmc budgets, and so on.
mumbai: a bill to prevent attacks on journalists will be introduced in the ongoing budget session of the maharashtra legislature, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced in the state legislative assembly today.
the draft of the bill regarding attacks on journalists is ready and we plan to introduce it in the ongoing session of the state legislature, he said.
the session is scheduled to conclude on april 7.
fadnavis made the statement while replying to a discussion in the lower house over the debate on a bill to amend the indian penal code and crpc act, seeking to enhance the punishment for attacking public servants from the present three years to five years imprisonment and making the offence cognisable and non-bailable.
fadnavis had yesterday introduced the bill in the assembly.
despite the bjp and sena members taking objection to the bill that proposes to amend provisions of the ipc and crpc, the chief minister told the house that that the purpose of the bill was not to support ineffective government officials, but those who were genuine and honest and were target of corrupt contractors and sand mafia.
i assure you on the floor of the house that if any loopholes are found, suitable amendments would be made in the monsoon session in july, he said.
in majority of cases, public servants are attacked by corrupt contractors and sand mafia, while the number of attacks by politicians and general public are negligible.
there is a need to enhance the punishment, as presently the accused in such cases can get bail easily.
the need of the hour is to ensure that honest officials work efficiently, he said.
wrongdoings of public servants will not be protected.
however, genuine and honest public servants need to be protected, he added.
as per the bill, sections 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty) and 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) will be amended and to be made punishable up to five years of imprisonment from the present three years, fine or both.
the bill seeks to make the offences cognisable and non bailable.
members of the ruling parties, including bjp mla ashish shelar and shiv sena legislator chandradeep narke, earlier today took objection to the bill.
sena members jayprakash mundada and shambhuraje desai had also demanded the bill be postponed till next week for a detailed debate.
by ptimumbai: at least 18 people were killed and over 80 injured in separate incidents of wall collapse in mumbai on tuesday following heavy downpour, with authorities declaring a public holiday in the city that was crawling due to waterlogging on roads and rail tracks.
ndrf officials said that around 2 am a compound wall in pimpripada area of malad east collapsed and people living in shanties adjacent to the wall got trapped under the debris.
our team of national disaster response force along with sniffer dog reached the site of the incident immediately after receiving the information.
besides, a team of fire brigade and local police also reached the spot and took control of the situation, a senior ndrf official said.
18 people were killed in the wall collapse incident.
another official said, 34 people have been admitted to the jogeshwari trauma hospital after a wall collapse in malad area of mumbai.
another 51 were injured in a wall collapse in kurar village, and they have been taken to kandivali-based shatabdi hospital.
authorities have declared tuesday as a public holiday in mumbai as the indian meteorological department has forecast heavy rains.
in the wake of the extreme heavy rainfall forecast by the imd, the government of maharashtra has declared a public holiday on july 2 as a precautionary measure for mumbai city and its citizens, a civic official said.
students, who were supposed to come to mumbai on tuesday for their documents verification for the undergraduate admission in mbbs, bds and bams courses, have now been given the date of july 5, for the same procedure.
the cet cell here in mumbai tuesday has appealed to students who could not complete their document verification on monday due to heavy rainfall, to submit their documents on july 5 here.
the mumbai university has also postponed the exam of b.sc computer science for first and second year students due to heavy rains, said an official of the mumbai university.
the schedule of the cancelled examinations will be announced soon.
today, no examination of mumbai university will be held due to heavy rainfall, higher and technical education minister vinod tawde said.
the central railway has also decided to run local trains in limited corridors due to water logging on the railway tracks.
trains will run in csmt-andheri-goregaon section in harbour line.
vashi to panvel in harbour line.
thane to vashi and panvel in trans harbour line.
csmt to thane karjat and khopoli sections, sunil udasi, the chief spokesperson of the central railway, said.
he said the central railway with the help of rpf jawans rescued thousands of passengers stranded in midnight local trains and served them tea, biscuits and other edible items at stations.
a senior official of the western railway said its suburban services are running between churchgate and virar even if the frequency was less.
frequency may be less between vasai road and virar due to receipt of outstation trains, he said.
suburban local train service is also badly affected as low lying areas were submerged.
the signalling system became dysfunctional, forcing railway administration to suspend local as well as long distance train movement, said an official from central railways.
more than 20 long distance trains in central and western railways have either been cancelled or short terminated at a station near mumbai due to heavy rainfall, the official said.
power utility companies have also suspended the supply in some suburban areas of mumbai as a precautionary measure.
the heavy downpour also forced maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to cancel his scheduled ground breaking function of construction of a new building for mlas.
by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government has received clearance from the ministry of defence for preparing a detailed project report of the proposed international airport near pune city, a state revenue official has said.
german company dorsch is preparing the detailed project report (dpr) and will also develop the new airport at purandar in pune district, he said.
the work was slow as necessary permissions from the defence ministry were pending.
the permissions have been received a couple of days back and now the company can complete its dpr, the official said.
the primary estimated cost of the airport is rs 14,000 crore.
once the report is completed, we will come to know the actual cost, he said.
according to pune district collector saurabh rao, the land acquisition cost for the airport will be as high as rs 2,000 crore.
the german company, which had prepared the dpr and developed airports in cities like berlin, munich, kuwait and frankfurt, had been given the contract for the pune project in march last year.
the airport, which is expected to take around five years to complete, will be spread across an area of 2,400 hectares.
the acquisition of land will take place in seven villages of purandare tehsil.
mumbai: as per the maharashtra high court undertaking, the state government has tightened the security across government hospitals post the doctors' strike.
the bombay high court on march 23 ordered protesting doctors in the state to call off their strike and resume duties and give the government some time to provide them proper security.
this came maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the doctors to call off their strike as well and assured them that the government would ensure their security in hospitals.
the hc also ordered the government to provide adequate security at government hospitals for the doctors, so that they could go to work without fear.
the high court further said that it would hear the matter again after 15 days.
the high court chief justice further asked the government that no punitive action was to be taken against the protesting doctors once they resume their duty.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors were protesting, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on doctors by patients' relatives at government hospitals across the state.
the protests had hampered the services of out-patient departments (opds) in various hospitals.
the maharashtra government had earlier promised to deploy 500 security personnel from maharashtra state security corporation in the hospitals by april 1.
mumbai: in a bid to re-start the popular sport of bullock cart racing, the maharashtra government may soon legalise it on the lines of jalikattu in tamilnadu.
animal husbandry minister mahadeo jankar told the new indian express on friday that the state cabinet has entrusted him with the responsibility of studying the draft bill to enable restarting the popular sport.
the state cabinet presided by chief minister devendrafadnavis took the decision to form a cabinet sub-committee under mahadeo jankar on thursday.
jankar said that his efforts would be to table the bill in the ongoing assembly session.
based on a notification dated july 11, 2011, bulls were included in category of animals that could not be exhibited or trained for exhibition as performing animals.
upholding the same notification, a supreme court bench on may 7, 2014 barred bulls from being used for jallikattu or bullock cart racing.
shiv sena mp from shirpur in pune, shivajirao adhalrao patil, had been pushing for lifting the bullock cart racing ban after the union government brought ordinance to permit jalikutti in january this year.
while speaking to the new indian express, patil welcomed the state governments initiative.
union minister prakash javadekar has already drafted rules and regulations for the sport.
so, the task for maharashtra government is easy, patil said.
by ptimumbai: in a show of camaraderie by bickering allies, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday jointly took part in rituals marking the start of construction of a memorial for shiv sena founder bal thackeray.
the move assumes significance as the shiv sena, an ally of the bjp at the centre and in maharashtra, has been at loggerheads with its senior partner and critical of various policies of the governments.
the maharashtra cabinet had on tuesday approved rs 100 crore for the construction of the thackeray memorial, a move seen as an attempt to reach out to the ally ahead of the lok sabha polls.
on wednesday, on the occasion of the 93rd birth anniversary of bal thackeray, fadnavis and thackeray jointly conducted the 'ganesh pujan' (offering prayers to lord ganesh) and 'vastu pujan' at the memorial site, located at shivaji park at dadar in central mumbai.
at the event, the land earmarked for the memorial was officially transferred by the city civic body to the trust set up to oversee the structure's construction.
the prime sea-facing property built in 1928, measuring around 11,500 sq m, currently houses mumbai mayor's bungalow.
a number of bjp and shiv sena leaders, city mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar, brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) chief ajoy mehta and members of 'balasaheb thackeray rashtriya smarak nyas' (trust), including bjp mp poonam mahajan, were present at the event.
both fadnavis and thackeray were seen shaking hands and exchanging pleasantries.
a sena leader, who was present at the event, said both the leaders also had a brief meeting over tea.
however, there were no political discussions, he said.
the chief minister and other bjp leaders were very comfortable in the presence of uddhavji and his family.
it did not seem to be an event that had leaders of two parties but (appeared) as if between members of one family, he said.
with the modalities for handing over the land earmarked for the project being completed, the construction of the memorial is expected to begin from next month.
prime minister narendra modi is expected to be invited for the formal 'bhoomi pujan' ceremony, a source said.
the sena had last year announced to go solo in future elections and a party leader on tuesday said the state government's decision to approve funds for the thackeray memorial would have no bearing on alliance prospects between the two parties for the upcoming polls.
meanwhile, the sena, in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'saamana', continued its anti-bjp tirade, saying bal thackeray was of the view that only 'hindutva' can save the country and this thought of his led the bjp to come to power.
the present condition and the path of the country is not right.
today, the nation needs to be ruled by 'men'.
even today, borders are being attacked by pakistanis, soldiers are dying in kashmir, however, we are showing our 'josh' by taking credit for surgical strike, it said in sarcastic remarks.
the sena was established for protecting the rights of sons of the soil.
during its conception, political parties like the congress had said bal thackeray wanted to break the nation, that he was creating a division between castes and regions and that there was no place for a regional political party, the publication noted.
the sena, as a regional political party has been shining on the national front.
today, the country's politics has gone in the hands of regional parties and national parties like the bjp and the congress are trying to increase their stature in states with the help of regional satraps, it said.
recently, 22 anti-bjp regional parties came together in west bengal.
when attempts to swallow these parties failed, bids were being made to woo them, the marathi daily said.
mumbai: the maharashtra legislative assembly was today adjourned for the day without transacting any business after it witnessed noisy scenes as shiv sena legislators joined opposition congress and ncp to demand loan waiver for distressed farmers.
as soon as the house assembled for the day, leader of opposition, radhakrishna vikhe patil through an adjournment notice highlighted the plight of farmers across the state after consecutive droughts and said there was no alternative other than granting them a loan waiver.
ncp leader ajit pawar asked the bjp government to recall how its ministers, while in opposition would raise farmers' woes.
when industries are given loan waivers, why is the government not doing the same to farmers, he asked.
subsequently, opposition members entered the well of the house and began shouting slogans.
they were later joined in the protest by shiv sena legislators.
however, they were not seen sloganeering.
as noisy scenes ruled the house, it was adjourned first for 15 minutes by speaker haribhau bagde and then for the second time till the end of the question hour.
when the house resumed, maharashtra education minister vinod tawde said the government was pro-farmer and wanted them to be debt-free.
agriculture minister pandurang phundkar said the opposition's demand was unrealistic.
we have never opposed the demand for loan waiver.
we want the farmers to be efficient in terms of agriculture production and then consider the loan waiver demand, he said.
as opposition members remained firm on their demand and continued with their slogan shouting, presiding officer sudhakar deshmukh (of the bjp) adjourned the house for the day.
sena had made a representation to the chief minister demanding loan waiver for farmers amidst heated and acrimonious campaign for the recent civic polls.
sena chief uddhav thackeray had even said that if their demand is accepted, his party would extend support to the bjp for the rest of the five-year term.
congress, also in a representation to the cm on the issue, had earlier said that ever since the bjp government came to power, the condition of farmers has deteriorated and there has been a rise in farmer suicides in the last two years.
speaking to reporters outside the assembly after it was adjourned for the day, vikhe patil demanded that the state government bring a one line resolution in the lower house tomorrow that it will make a provision for loan waiver to farmers in the state budget to be presented on march 18.
he said the opposition will not allow smoothfunctioning of the house unless the government makes a commitment to announce a loan waiver in the budget which will be presented by sudhir mungantiwar.
he charged that the government has lost the trust of the people as well as its allies like the shiv sena.
shiv sena joined us in the demand for loan waiver in the lower house.
we are amazed that the government says it will announce a loan waiver at an appropriate time.
what time can be more appropriate than this time when the farmers are distressed due to three years of consecutive drought, unseasonal rains and lack of good support price for their crop, he asked.
is chief minister devendrafadnavis waiting for more farmers to commit suicide.
since january this year, 262 farmers have committed suicide.
similarly, 9000 farmers have committed suicide in the last two and half years, he claimed.
vikhe patil said the opposition had demanded in the house that the day's business be set aside and the decision of loan waiver be taken by the government to provide relief to farmers.
we had met the governor before the start of the budget session requesting that he issue directions to the government to provide relief to the farmers.
we wanted the issue to be highlighted in the governor's address to the legislature on the first day of the session.
but unfortunately farmers' welfare is not on the priority list of the government, he alleged.
on sena joining the opposition in the house, he said if sena leaders were honest, they should submit their resignations to the speaker, as bjp has not met the loan waiver demand.
earlier, before the assembly began, congress and ncp members were seen protesting outside the house demanding immediate loan waiver for farmers.
the agitation was led by vikhe patil, ajit pawar, ncp's leader of opposition in upper house, dhananjay munde and congress leader varsha gaikwad.
the leaders protested in the assembly premises holding placards with demands highlighting farmer issues.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: special program to mark begining of work on shivaji memorial off mumbai coast had to be cancelled on wednesday after a boat on the way to program venue, with top government officials abord, capsized.
according to rescue operators, while 22 people have been rescued, one is still reported to be missing while going to press.
the boat on way to program for begining of the work of shivaji memorial capsized today.
chief secretary, pwd secretary and many other senior officials were on that boat.
fortunately all of them have been rescued.
he also said that a thorough inquiry would be conducted into the causes of the accident.
our boat hit something, probably a rock, when we were on our way to the program.
theee were around 25 people on the boat.
we were at the lighthouse near the southernmost tip of mumbai when the accident took place.
there was a hole in the boat and water started gushing in.
immidiately we called coastguard and other agencies.
the boats came in and rescued us, said yogesh naik of mumbai mirror who was on the ill-fated boat.
while last two-three persons were yet to be rescued the boat turned turtle.
a couple of peoplease were then pulled out of water, he added.
siddhesh pawar (25) is still missing, the rescue operators said.
siddheah, a ca by profession from beed, had come to attend the function along with his uncle vinayak mete.
mete, a member of legislative council on bjp ticket, is also the chairman of the committee entrusted with development of shivaji memorial.
he too was on the boat along with officials, contractors and others.
the proposed memorial, for which prime minister narendra modi had performed jalapoojan about two years back, had been at the centre of several controversies since it was in the conceptual stage.
while the local fishermen bodies have objected to the location for the memorial, maratha groups were unhappy over the alleged hight reduction of the supposedly tallest memorial of the world.
there were also controveraies regarsing technical clearances for the memorial project and mete himself too had written to cm fadnavis recently complaining about irregularities in awarding contracts for the memorial.
state congress chief ashok chavan expressed grief over the mishap while expressing suspicion over whether it was an accident or a sabotage.
i'm suspicious whether it was an accident or a sabotage.
mete had voiced irregularities in the project only yesterday and there is this mishap today.
i suspect whether this is an attempt to silence mete, chavan said.
mumbai: the special taskforce appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to address the prevailing agrarian crisis in the state has urged him to cover all farmers from suicide-prone marathwada and vidarbha regions for loan waiver, irrespective of their land holding.
all farmers of the region should be covered for loan waiver without any condition of land holding, kishor tiwari, chairman of the taskforce, said in a letter addressed to fadnavis.
he said if that is not possible, then the land holding limit should be up to 5 hectares for dry land farmers and 2 hectares for those who have irrigated land holding.
this will help most of the distressed farmers of vidarbha and marathwada, who are in deep trouble and also keep rich farmers out of the loan waiver scheme, tiwari said.
he added that when farm loan waiver was given by the upa government in 2008-09, most of its benefits were taken away by rich farmers and banks to clear their npas.
he also said those farmers who regularly repay their loans should be given incentives.
mumbai: senior leaders of shiv sena and bjp today held joint parleys here to discuss an alliance for the ensuing civic elections.
the talks, held tonight, were preliminary in nature.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and chief minister devendrafadnavis will discuss the issue further in a day or two, sena mp anil desai told pti.
with barely 35 days left for the election of corporators for bmc, the country's richest civic body, there is no word yet on an alliance between the bickering allies in the state government.
in the 2012 civic election, the sena contested 158 seats and won 75, whereas the bjp contested 69 and won 32 seats.
however, in the 2014 assembly election, the bjp emerged as the number one party in mumbai.
of 36 seats, the bjp won 15 seats, while the sena won 14 seats.
this, and the recent results of municipal council polls have led bjp leaders to demand more seats than last time, if an alliance were to happen.
mumbai bjp president ashish shelar last week said his party is 'positive' about an alliance with ally shiv sena, ahead of the upcoming local bodies polls, including the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
we are positive on the issue of an alliance with shiv sena, shelar had said after discussing the alliance issue with chief minister devendra fadnavis' at the latter's official residence 'varsha' in south mumbai.
ten municipal corporations including mumbai, thane, pune and nagpur, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis are scheduled to go to polls next month.
mumbai: opposition congress and the nationalist congress partys (ncp) efforts to topple the state government appear to have come to a halt as the shiv sena has kept them guessing on its stance on withdrawing governments support.
the no-trust motion that the opposition is planning wont have requisite numbers unless the shiv sena is with us.
however, im sure that they wont sacrifice power unless the bjp compels them to do so, former chief minister and senior congress leader narayan rane said on monday.
senior shiv sena minister dr deepak sawant, meanwhile, said that the decision to withdraw from the government has not been reached as yet.
mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam, said that the party is trying to unite all parties except shiv sena and the bjp in the bmc to keep a tab on the ruling party in the corporation.
meanwhile, the business advisory committee (bac) of the state assembly met on monday to finalise the business of the budget session starting from monday march 6.
the session will last until april 7, with 23 working days.
the budget will be presented on saturday, march 18, minister for parliamentary affairs girish bapat said after the meeting.
leader of opposition in assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil said that the opposition will try to corner the government over issues bothering the farmers and the working class.
on questions related to toppling the government, he said that the opposition is certainly working in the direction.
leader of opposition in legislative council dhananjay munde, too said that the crop loan waiver and falling prices of farm produce are the issues over which the government would be cornered in the upper house.
leaders of the congress and the ncp have decided to meet on march 3 to discuss course of action during the assembly session.
the election of mumbai mayor has been scheduled for march 9.
by iansmumbai: the maharashtra government on friday named two prominent experts to oppose the attempts to shut down the ambedkar house, a memorial dedicated to babasaheb ambedkar in london, a top official said here.
the ambedkar house at 10 king henry's road in north london was where ambedkar lived during his student days at the london school of economics in 1921-22, before returning to india and getting involved with the freedom movement and becoming the architect of the indian constitution besides championing the cause of the downtrodden and dalits.
however, the local authority, the camden council, recently initiated a move to close down the four-storeyed memorial situated in residential premises, which has been challenged by the indian government.
an independent planning inquiry is scheduled to rule on the matter next month.
in order to strengthen the case in favour of the memorial, maharashtra on friday said that it has appointed legal expert steven gasztowicz and city planning expert charles rose to argue the matter on its behalf before the inquiry, scheduled on september 24.
also read: india fights closure of ambedkar memorial in ukthe state has also engaged the services of a reputed firm of solicitors, singhania & company, to represent it.
these two experts will be part of the committee which, through the indian high commission, will present our side of the case at the next month's hearing.
the state government has treated the matter very seriously and will make all efforts to satisfy the concerns raised by the local council, an aide to chief minister devendrafadnavis told ians.
he added that when the state government had bought over the property through the indian high commission, it was in a very dilapidated state and it was repaired from safety viewpoint with the work on converting it into a memorial still underway.
the maharashtra government had purchased the property for 3.
1 million pounds when it was put up for sale by its original owners in 2015, and prime minister narendra modi had inaugurated it during his uk trip in november that year.
the property had earlier been accorded recognition as an english heritage site since 1991, and sports a blue plaque with the legend dr. bhimrao ramji ambedkar 1891-1956, indian crusader for social justice, lived here 1921-1922.
the local council has, however, raised objections to the move to convert the property into a museum-cum-memorial on various grounds, including the disruption it causes to the quiet atmosphere of the residential neighbourhood, and wants it to be returned to its original status.
republican party of india (a) president and union minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale said that under no circumstances would the dalits allow the change of status of the museum-cum-memorial in london and that all attempts would be made to protect it.
i am in touch with the indian high commissioner in london and the ministry of external affairs here to take up the issue with the uk authorities and resolve the matter at the earliest, athawale said.
congress' leader of opposition vijay wadettivar said the ambedkar house has immense historical and emotional value for the people of the country and the government must raise the issue with the british government to ensure that its status remains unchanged.
for india, and specifically maharashtra, the property has sentimental value and special historic significance as it was here that the young ambedkar spent a crucial period of his formative years and academic career.
ambedkar house has already become a popular 'must-visit' site on the itinerary of indian tourists visiting the uk, to click pictures, admire the place and pay tributes to ambedkar.
mumbai: the upcoming brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections is likely to see a four-cornered fight.
while the bjp and shiv sena have started targeting each other, the ncp has taken the lead and released a list of 45 candidates on thursday putting to rest all speculations about an alliance with the congress.
the ncp would contest the bmc elections with full strength.
the decision in this regard was made at a recent meeting held by the party leadership.
in accordance with that, we are releasing the first list of 45 candidates, said ncp city president sachin ahir.
state congress president and former chief minister ashok chavan also refrained from speaking in favour of an alliance with the ncp.
local party units would take decisions in accordance with the local conditions, he said.
meanwhile, shiv sena mla anil parab fired a salvo against chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday.
the responsibility of corruption in the corporation ultimately lies with the urban development department and hence the chief minister, who has been handling the department for the last two years, he said reacting to fadnavis remarks last night.
the city has a huge budget of over thousands of crores.
there is only one reason why mumbai is not fully developed and that is corruption, he had said without naming the sena.
while the strength of sena in the current house is 75, that of the congress is 52, bjp 31, ncp 13 while the mns has 28 out of a total of 227 seats.
by ptinew delhi: union minister maneka gandhi tuesday upped the ante on her demand for ouster of maharashtra environment minister sudhir mugantiwar over the killing of tigress avni and dashed off a letter to state chief minister devendrafadnavis , asking him to consider removing the minister.
i request you to fix responsibility for the illegal killing of the tigress and consider removing mugantiwar from the responsibility of the ministry of environment and forest in the state government, maneka told fadnavis in her letter, released to media tuesday.
if the environment and forest minister resorts to killing animals instead of protecting them, he is definitely failing in his duty.
this is something like the wcd minister working for child traffickers, the union minister for women and child development wrote in her letter.
also read: tigress avni may have been problem tiger but not man-eater: activistsgandhi added that she had been speaking to mugantiwar on the issue of alleged maneater tigress avni for the past two months and requesting the minister to have the tigress tranquillised and quarantined.
the tigress could have been saved, had the minister in charge of the forest and environment department been a little patient, sensitive and persistent, rued gandhi.
tigress avni, who is believed to be responsible for the deaths of 13 people in the past two years, was shot dead by sharp-shooter asgar ali in maharashtra's yavatmal forests friday as part of a government-sponsored operation.
also known as t1, avni is survived by two 10-month-old cubs.
son of famous sharp-shooter nawab shafat ali, asgar ali shot dead avni in compartment 149 of the borati forest in yavatmal district under the jurisdiction of the ralegaon police station.
reacting to the killing of avni, gandhi earlier, in a series of tweets, had lashed out at the maharashtra government for ordering to kill the tigress despite opposition from several stakeholders.
also read: rahul gandhi, union minister harsh vardhan spar over killing of tigress avnii am deeply saddened by the way tigress avni has been brutally murdered in yavatmal, she had said in a tweet.
it is nothing but a straight case of crime.
despite several requests from many stakeholders, mungantiwar, the minister for forests, maharashtra, gave orders for the killing, she had said in another tweet.
she had said she was going to take up the matter very strongly with the maharashtra chief minister.
i am definitely going to take up this case of utter lack of empathy for animals as a test case - legally, criminally as well as politically, she had said.
she had also come down heavily on maharashtra forest minister mungantiwar for giving orders to private marksman shafat ali khan's son to hunt down the tigress.
every time he has used hyderabad-based shooter shafat ali khan, and this time his son has also appeared on the scene illegally to murder the tigress, she had said in a tweet.
his son was not authorised to kill.
this is patently illegal.
despite the forest officials being committed to tranquillise, capture and quarantine the tigress, the trigger-happy shooter has killed her on his own under orders of mungantiwar, she had tweeted.
shafat ali khan has killed 3 tigers, at least 10 leopards, a few elephants and 300 wild boars in chandrapur, maharashtra.
he is a criminal known for supplying guns to anti-nationals and for a suspected case of murder in hyderabad, she had said in another tweet.
she had also questioned the maharastra government's decision to take services of khan and his son.
i fail to understand why a state government should even bother about such a man, let alone hire his services for illegal and inhuman acts, she had said.
gandhi has also expressed concern over the well being of the two cubs left behind after the killing of their mother.
this ghastly murder has put two cubs at the edge of a sad death in absence of their mother, she had said.
by ptimumbai: the rough-and-tumble of politics may have made maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis appear a hard-nosed leader, but according to his wife, deep inside he is a romantic and emotional person.
amruta fadnavis, a professional banker herself, shared nuggets of her personal life in a candid chat with actor riteish deshmukh at an event here and also broke into a popular hindi romantic song with her smiling husband by her side, much to the delight of the audience.
the event was organised by the lokmat group wednesday night.
asked whether devendrafadnavis (48), the first bjp chief minister of maharashtra, is a romantic person at heart, amruta was forthright in her reply.
he (devendra) never notices what i wear or how my hairstyle is or whether i have lost or gained weight.
he is so engrossed loving me that he can not differentiate the changes in me and therefore, i think he is very romantic person.
and the most romantic thing which he has given to me is my daughter divija, said amruta, who is also a singer.
asked what is one secret about devendrafadnavis that people don't know, amruta said her husband, who is just seven months away from completing his five-year term in office, is a very emotional person.
read here | maharashtra cm fadnavis, wife appear in music video on saving mumbai's rivers; congress seeks answeronce we were watching `3 idiots' movie and over a scene, i saw him weeping, she said with her hand gesture showing flow of tears from fadnavis's eyes.
amruta said at home he is the boss, while she is the decision maker.
asked when was the last time the couple went to theatre to watch a movie, the chief minister, acknowledged his moving from hometown nagpur to mumbai after assuming charge in october 2014 has changed his life.
dukhti rag per hath mat rakho (don't touch a raw nerve).
asked what kind of movies they like, amruta said, he likes fun movies such as `jaane bhi do yaaro', `3 idiots' etc, while i like romantic films.
he said the school authorities are very strict in granting leaves and once they sent me a strong note when i had applied for two-day leave for divija.
asked what he does when he gets angry with someone, the chief minister said he generally keeps his temper under control, but cools down very quickly if he vents his ire.
i normally don't get angry, but there are times when you have to show the aggression that you are angry.
in such circumstances, i do a little bit of acting to show that i am not happy.
but when you meet me after 15 minutes, you will get to know who exactly i am, he said.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today announced the biggest-ever farm loan waiver in the state even as farmers refused to end their agitation over a set of demands including debt write-off.
fadnavis, in late evening, tweeted that the government has decided to appoint a committee to look into the modalities of the loan waiver scheme.
we are working to fulfil munde's dream of serving the poor.
we have announced the biggest-ever loan waiver to give relief to distressed farmers, he tweeted.
the bjp-led government is working hard to provide all possible assistance to farmers by creating irrigation facilities, ensuring power supply, facilitating food processing industry, group farming, etc.
, the chief minister said.
many more initiatives are being implemented.
we have learnt a lot from gopinath-ji.
also read: withdraw land holding limit for loan waiver: taskforce to fadnavisthe announcement of loan waiver by fadnavis came after farmers' organisations continued their agitation in many parts of the state today claiming that their demands are yet to be met even after yesterday's late night meeting with the chief minister.
however, elsewhere in beed district, leader of opposition in the legislative council dhananjay munde -- gopinath munde's nephew who left bjp to join ncp some years ago -- said the chief minister has not announced anything concrete for farmers.
dhananjay also asked why the government chose `muhurat' of october 31 to implement the proposed loan waiver.
the state commission for agricultural produce, set up two years ago, is still without members or chairperson, he said.
the ncp leader also demanded that those responsible for deaths of farmers during the recent protests be charged with murder.
farmers continued their agitation in many parts of maharashtra today, blocking movement of vegetables.
by ptimumbai: after a brief hiatus due to floods, the political pitch in poll-bound maharashtra has started heating up once again with congress mla nirmala gavit on wednesday formally joining the ruling shiv sena, a day after resigning as a member of the legislative assembly.
welcoming her into the party fold, sena president uddhav thackeray has said induction of the igatpuri mla will strengthen his party in nashik district in north maharashtra.
gavit, daughter of congress veteran manikrao gavit, had said she was quitting as an mla to ensure the development of the constituency.
ahead of elections, due in september-october, the congress and the ncp are in disarray in view of a string of desertions, and if sources to be believed gavit's crossover is certainly not going to be the last one.
according to sources in the bjp, congress mla from indapur in pune district and former marketing minister, harshvardhan patil, is likely to join the bjp.
patil could be a prized catch for the bjp given that ncp mp supriya sule had secured a decisive lead of 70,000 votes from indapur over her rival from baramati in the recently-held lok sabha elections.
though patil has been traditionally challenged by the sena in indapur, he is likely to join the bjp ahead of polls, they said.
patil shifting his loyalties to the bjp might affect sule's chances of winning another term in 2024, they said.
notably, the then in-charge of baramati lok sabha constituency and incumbent state bjp president chandrakant patil had said the bjp would wrest baramati from the pawars in 2024.
earlier, bigwigs from the ncp including its mumbai unit preident sachin ahir, and radhakrishna vikhe patil of the congress had quit their parent parties to join the shiv sena and the bjp, respectively.
another fence-sitter from the sharad pawar-led party who might cross over to the bjp is maratha royal and satara mp udayanraje bhosale.
speculation on bhosale's future move started doing rounds after he called on chief minister devendrafadnavis here on tuesday night.
bhosale's clarification that his visit was meant to resolve the issues of flood-related people from satara has failed to convince political circles.
commenting on the meeting, senior ncp leader and former deputy chief minister ajit pawar told reporters that udayanraje met the chief minister to draw his attention to the flood-hit people in satara district.
it was not a political meeting, he added.
when asked about bhosale's next move, pawar retorted saying, you should ask this question to bhosale.
sources close to the development said the bjp was not very keen to take bhosale, who is known for brash demeanour and devil-may-care attitude, on board in the wake of the massive mandate the party had secured in the lok sabha polls.
bhosale's cousin and former ncp mla shivendraraje has already joined the bjp which is likely to field him from satara-jawli assembly segment.
the cousins, however, do not see eye to eye, especially after shivendraraje's wife vedantikaraje tasted defeat in satara municipal council elections by the leaders loyal to udayanraje bhosale, they said.
however, a close aide of the mp alleged the development works proposed by him are being deliberately put on back-burner to malign his image among voters.
he claimed the projects like construction of rs 60 crore grade separator road in satara and raising the height of kaas lake are still pending.
by ptimumbai: loan waiver for farmers, new houses for those who lost their dwellings built under the pm awas yojana in recent deluge and free foodgrains are among the slew of measures announced by the maharashtra government on monday for the people affected by the floods in the state.
heavy rains and floods battered several areas of western maharashtra and the konkan region earlier this month, with kolhapur and sangli districts bearing the maximum brunt.
farmers who have lost agricultural crops spread over more than one hectares due to the floods will be eligible for loan waiver, he said.
wadnere is a retired principal secretary of the water resources department.
the state government will also pursue (with the centre) its demand of offering relaxation in terms of filing income tax and gst returns in the flood-affected areas.
he was speaking to reporters at his residence in south mumbai after holding a meeting with senior bureaucrats.
we will also give foodgrains for the next three months free of cost to the flood-affected people, he said.
small traders and merchants affected by the floods will get 75 per cent amount of their total loss or up to rs 50,000 as financial assistance from the state, he said.
the chief minister informed that the last week's cabinet proposal, seeking rs 6,000-crore financial assistance from the centre for the flood-hit areas, has been received by officials concerned in new delhi.
i was told by union home minister amit shah that he has received the report.
mumbai: lodging a scathing attack on the opposition for stalling proceedings of the house for over a week, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday termed the opposition demand for crop loan waiver as politically motivated.
he reiterated that his government was not opposed to farm loan waiver but wanted that the decision, when taken, benefit farmers instead of financial institutions.
cms statement also tamed the shiv sena, which was aggressive over the issue, paving the way for smooth functioning of the house till the budget is presented on saturday.
you have no right to ask for a loan waiver.
only bjp and shiv sena can ask for loan waiver.
your demand is out of political motives since you have been convincingly defeated in the recent polls across the state.
your are just shedding crocodile tears.
about 1.
36 crore farmers have taken loan worth rs 1.
14 lakh crore.
while pointing out that the opposition has invested little in the agricultural infrastructure of the state during their rule of past 15 years, he said that since his government came to power, capital expenditure on agriculture and allied sector has gone up to rs 19,434 crore.
another rs 11,500 crore has been spent on crop insurance and assistance for natural calamities.
i want the opposition leaders to guarantee that if we waive off the outdated loan of `30,500 crore, there will be no single farmer suicide.
he said if loan waiver is announced, the government will have no money for investment in agriculture sector.
he also charged that the opposition wants the loan waiver to help district co-operative banks run by them and which are involved in irregularities.
earlier, as the house met, the opposition raised the issue of loan waiver.
fadnavis's intervention came in after the second adjournment.
he spoke was amid slogan shouting by the congress-ncp legislators.
shiv sena members, who had walked into the well earlier returned to their places in the house as fadnavis made the governments stand clear.
the congress criticised the chief ministers statement saying it was misleading and the government was interested in waiving off loans of industrialists.
mumbai: even as the dates for 10 municipal corporations, including mumbai, thane, pune, nashik and nagpur, were announced on wednesday,  voting on february 21 and results on february 23  the bjp and shiv sena appear not ready to forge an alliance as their leaders continued to target each other.
city bjp president ashish shela announced that his party is positive about the alliance and the talks would begin on wednesday.
however, he took potshots at the sena.
transparent administration is what bjp looks for in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation, he said.
relations between the two parties which have shared power in the corporation for past 20 years have been strained in past couple of years after the bjp started raising the issue of corruption in the corporation.
and sena president uddhav thackeray attacked prime minister narendra modi without naming him.
ive stopped saying mitron while addressing people in hindi as people now run away when they hear this word, he said while criticising demonetisation.
i hope well start talks for alliance though i have not received any formal communication in this regard yet, thackeray said when asked about alliance.
we shall participate in the talks but, also keep preparing ourselves (to contest polls independently), he added later.
thackeray as well as chief minister devendrafadnavis spoke in favour of the alliance on tuesday.
while the bjp has empowered district units to decide about the alliance, the sena wants a uniform decision for all polls, including the zilla parishad and panchayat samities.
the bjp has conducted at least three pre-poll surveys in past two-three months.
according to sources, an internal survey has predicted 90 seats for the bjp if it contests independently.
a survey conducted by the home department has predicted 65-70 seats for the bjp while an independent agency appointed by the chief minister put the figure at 85-90.
the half-way mark in the corporation is 114.
senas best performance was 99 seats, in 1997, when it ruled the state.
given its performance in the municipal council polls, the bjp has high hopes now.
but it will have to contest more seats.
bengaluru: a delegation of bjp members from karnataka, led by union minister ananth kumar, met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai on wednesday and urged him to resolve the mahadayi river dispute between karnataka and goa through talks.
the delegation, which also included opposition leader in the legislative assembly jagadish shettar and party mp prahlad joshi, met fadnavis in the backdrop of a meeting convened by the cm with his counterparts from goa and karnataka on october 21 following instructions from prime minister narendra modi in this regard.
the bjp delegation explained the drinking water problem in most of the towns of northern karnataka, including hubballi, dharwad, belagavi, gadag and other places, and the need for drawing 7.
5 tmcft of mahadayi river water purely for drinking purposes through two canals at kalasa and banduri.
according to a release from the bjp, the delegation urged fadnavis to persuade the two chief ministers to find an amicable solution to the dispute during his mediation at the meeting on october 21 to be held in mumbai.
hdk wants cases against farmers dropped before mahadayi meetingmandya: jd(s) state president h d kumaraswamy on wednesday said he will attend the all-party meeting to discuss mahadayi issue but before that the cases filed against farmers involved in cauvery and mahadayi issues should be dropped.
speaking to reporters here, he said he has no problem in attending the meeting but the cases should be dropped first.
he was in town to watch the film jaguar produced by him and in which his son nikhil is in the lead role.
he condemned the construction of `1,800 crore-worth steel bridge in bengaluru, alleging that the government is looting peoples money in the name of bridge.
the government should stop collecting money from contractors in the name of package system, he said.
at palahalli village, he said the party would not re-induct the expelled mlas.
he said the expelled mlas voted for the rival party candidates in the elections (mlc and rajya sabha) for their selfish motives.
what kind of development have their constituencies seen after they voted for the congress, he ridiculed them.
kumaraswamy exuded confidence of jd(s) coming to power on its own after the next assembly election.
by iansmumbai: in a first, the maharashtra government has joined hands with private drone operator zilpline to deliver blood products and emergency medicines to people in remote areas in collaboration with serum institute of india (sii), an official said on monday.
scheduled for an early 2020 launch, the maharashtra medical drone delivery service (mmdds) will be available 24x7, on-demand, and would include emergency deliveries of blood products, vaccines and life-saving medication.
also read | eye in the sky: telangana turns to drones for safeguarding forestsfor this, zipline will set up 10 distribution centres - starting with pune and nandurbar - for launching mmdds in phases across the state and the ultimate goal is to cover all the 12 crore people by reaching them life-saving medicines within minutes.
the first two distribution centres will be financed through a grant by the sii, and the other centres will be set up by the government and other private or philanthropic partners.
the drones will take off and land at zipline's distribution centres without requiring any additional infrastructure or manpower at the clinics they would serve.
each drone can fly autonomously carrying upto 1.
8 kgs cargo at 110 km per hour with a round-trip range of 160 km (80 km both ways) braving even adverse weather conditions, explained an official.
also read | delhi development authority deploys drones for mapping land parcels for its pooling schemeeach distribution centre would cater to a delivery area of over 20,000 sq km and effectively serve around 20 million people.
the deliveries will be made from the sky, with the drone descending to a safe height and dropping a parachute with its medical cargo at a designated spot.
this new emergency drone delivery service is a great solution to deliver vaccines, blood and other life-saving products instantly when time is of critical essence.
though the state has one of the best health-care systems in india, we have a lot more to do to create a universal access to critical healthcare for all, said chief minister devendrafadnavis at the launch event here.
zipline ceo keller rinaudo said millions across the world die each year because they can't get medicines on time, which the instant drone delivery system can now handle.
with the partnership with maharashtra government and sii, we will ensure that millions can have on-demand, instant access to any kind of medical requirements to live and stay healthy, said rinaudo.
sii chief executive adar poonawalla said with the company's commitment to ensuring full immunization cover for citizens, the new service will help create a deeper impact bringing the sii's vision to reality.
the mmdds centres will store key stocks of blood products, vaccines and life-saving medications at the distribution centres for 'just-in-time delivery' for which health workers can place order messages by call or sms and get the delivery in around 30 minutes.
launched in october 2016 in ghana to supply blood to 21 rwanda hospitals, zipline's drones have made thousands of on-demand and emergency medical deliveries and are now expanding facilities to serve a population of 12 million in that country.
based in california, the company plans to expand its network to developed and developing countries, including africa, south asia, south-east asia, the us and other countries in the americas.
zipline is supported by teams from spacex, tesla, google, boeing, and has investors like baillie gifford, goldman sachs, sequoia capital, andreessen horowitz, gv and the rise fund.
coimbatore:a galaxy of leaders attended the unveiling of the 112-ft bust of adiyogi at the isha yoga centre near here on friday.
the sadhguru greeting prime minister narendra modi during the unveiling the 112-ft statue of adiyogi, at isha yoga centre near coimbatore on friday | expressprime minister narendra modi reached the venue around 6.
25 pm.
he was given a guided tour of the isha yoga centre by the sadhguru.
the prime minister worshipped at the naga, dhyanalinga and linga bhairavi shrines at the yoga centre before arriving at the adiyogi statue.
the prime minister offered kedarnath thirtha at the adiyogi sanctum.
he then unveiled the idol for worship.
he also released a book on adiyogi and listened to singer kailash kher singing the adiyogi song.
the event at poondi was witnessed by more than two lakh people from india and abroad.
the prime minister was received at the airport by chief minister edappadi k palaniswami and governor ch vidyasagar rao.
they proceeded to the venue in three helicopters.
also present at the event were chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis , rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan.
from puducherry, lieutenant governor kiran bedi was present.
several central and state ministers and bjp leaders also participated in the event held as part of the mahashivaratri.
according to sources, the prime minister reached the coimbatore airport after the event around 8.
35 pm.
pas per the schedule, he was expected to depart from coimbatore airport to delhi by 9 pm.
but, the prime minister and state chief minister engaged in some discussions for a while, which led to the delayed takeoff.
the aircraft carrying narendra modi departed for delhi only around 9.
25 pm.
when asked about what was discussed at the meeting, union minister pon radhakrishnan said, both of them held discussions in the coimbatore airport.
but we did not know what they were discussing.
all we know is that chief minister edappadi k palaniswami is likely to go to new delhi on february 27 to meet the prime minister and hold discussions on various issues in the state.
at that time, i would accompany him and address the grievances of the people in the state, pon radhakrishnan said.
by ptinew delhi/mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis briefed prime minister narendra modi on thursday about the drought situation in the state and sought assistance from the centre.
the two also discussed a pending railway land issue for the dharavi redevelopment plan in mumbai during their meeting in new delhi.
maharashtra has declared drought in 151 talukas across 26 districts and sought an assistance of over rs 7,000 crore from the central government.
had a very good meeting with hon pm narendra modi ji in new delhi.
briefed him on drought situation and measures taken by maharashtra govt for mitigation & requested for speedy assistance from goi to maharashtra.
also discussed on railway land issue for dharavi redevelopment, fadnavis tweeted.
thank you hon modi ji for your continuous & strong support for the people of maharashtra!
fadnavis added.
with an unfavourable monsoon over several parts of the state, many areas are facing a drought-like situation.
the state government has sought central assistance of rs 7,900 crore to deal with the exigency.
modi will be on a day-long visit to mumbai on december 18.
during his visit to the national capital, fadnavis also attended a high-level meeting chaired by modi to review progress and steps taken to improve the ease of doing business (eodb) rankings.
besides union ministers handling economic matters, the meeting was also attended by senior officials from the centre, and delhi and maharashtra governments.
modi appreciated and complimented maharashtra for its continuous efforts for improving (eodb) rankings and also stressed for more efforts and on new targets for the next year, said a statement from the chief minister's office in mumbai.
by ptiyavatmal (maharashtra): thirty-one people were admitted to the government medical college (gmc) hospital here for treatment of pesticide poisoning in the last three weeks.
according to a gmc press release issued on monday here in maharashtra, 31 patients were admitted in the hospital since august 13 on complaint of poisoning caused by exposure to pesticides.
of these, 15 are still undergoing treatment in the special ward set for such patients, the release said.
among the remaining patients, one is on ventilator, while four are in critical condition, it said.
these people were involved in spraying pesticides on crops and inadvertently inhaled them.
however, the local administration has claimed safety kits have been provided to farmers and labourers, who generally perform the task of spraying pesticides.
headache, nausea, eye irritation, diarrhoea and dizziness, among others, are symptoms of pesticide poisoning in human beings.
last year, several incidents of death of farmers due to pesticide poisoning were reported from yavatmal, a major cotton-growing district, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to order an inquiry.
although the government had not specified the number of such deaths, farm activist kishor tiwari and the shiv sena had said 18 farmers had succumbed to exposure to pesticides.
mumbai: maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) continue its strike due to not receiving a certified copy of the bombay high court order.
earlier on thursday, the association had asserted that the doctors on strike were ready to join back work after the high court assured to provide armed police personnel for their security.
the court has requested the doctors to join back to services and simultaneously, directed the state government to allow only one attendant of the patient and appoint armed police personnel at the main gate of the respective wards of the hospital, rahul rotala, the lawyer representing the mard told ani.
doctors are ready to join their duties once the state government implements the court's undertakings for their security, he added.
the bombay high court, yesterday, ordered the doctors on strike to resume their duties and give some time to the government for providing them proper security.
the high court also ordered the state government to provide security at all government hospitals so that the doctors could work without fear.
it ordered that no punitive action should be taken against the protesting doctors once they resumed their duties.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has requested the resident doctors to withdraw their strike immediately and ensured them security.
the strike by maharashtra's doctors, who are protesting a spate of assaults on colleagues by patients' relatives, entered the fourth day on thursday even as nearly 2,000 of them got expulsion notice a day ago.
the agitators said patients were usually accompanied by a large number of relatives, which put pressure on them.
they have demanded adequate security measures and a pass system, where not more than two relatives would be allowed to remain with a patient inside the ward.
in the intervening time, thousands of patients were left to suffer and bear inconvenience at public hospitals due to the protest.
he made the remarks while speaking to the delegation of save merit, save nation movement at sahyadri guest house, an official statement said.
fadanvis said those eligible open category students, who could not secure admission due to reservation, should seek admissions in private colleges and the government will reimburse their current year's tuition fees.
a system would be put in place to understand and solve the problems faced by students from the open category, the statement quoted him as saying.
by ptiralegan siddhi: social activist anna hazare's hunger strike entered the second day on thursday as he remained defiant on his demand for appointment of anti-corruption watchdogs at the centre and in maharashtra and resolution of farmers' issues.
a bandh was also observed by locals in hazare's native ralegan siddhi village in maharashtra's ahmednagar district in support of his demands.
hazare is sitting on a hunger strike in his village since wednesday against non-fulfilment of assurances by the centre and the maharashtra government on the appointment of lokpal and passage of the lokayukta act in the state.
the 81-year-old army man-turned-activist has also been demanding appointment of lokayuktas in states where such statutory anti-corruption watchdogs do not exist.
he has also been demanding implementation of the swaminathan commission recommendations on ways to address agrarian distress, besides some electoral reforms.
locals of ralegan siddhi village issued a statement on thursday to local tehsildar, as an official representative of the state government, to look into hazare's demands.
doctors conducted a check-up of hazare and asked his caretakers to monitor the activist's condition closely.
he is over 80 years' old.
he needs to be looked after, the doctors told hazare's close aides.
hazare had earlier declined to meet state government envoy and minister girish mahajan for talks over his demands.
however, mahajan said on wednesday that talks were going on with hazare and his supporters.
there will be some solution, mahajan, a confidant of chief minister devendrafadnavis , told reporters in nashik.
the anti-corruption crusader had earlier told pti that he welcomed the maharashtra cabinet's decision to bring the office of state chief minister under the ambit of lokayukta.
however, the strike will continue till the government fulfils promises they made before coming to power about passage of lokayukta act, appointment of lokpal (at the centre) and to tackle farmers' issues, he said.
hazare had written a letter to fadnavis monday, saying he would launch the agitation in his village from wednesday.
it has been five years since the lokpal act was passed.
yet, the narendra modi government has not appointed lokpal.
lokayukta act has not been passed in maharashtra for four years, hazare observed in his letter dated january 28.
the activist said fadnavis had mediated when he had launched the agitation at ramlila maidan in delhi in march last year.
hazare said he had withdrawn that agitation after the centre assured in writing it would fulfil his demands.
nine months have passed, yet the demands have not been fulfilled, he had said in the letter.
the fadnavis cabinet had on tuesday decided to bring the office of chief minister under the purview of lokayukta.
hazare welcomed the government's decision to set in motion the process to appoint lokayukta, but said that does not mean he will not stage hunger strike.
the agitation will go on until the act is in place, he had said.
the lokayukta is a statutory body that is empowered to probe complaints of abuse of position and corruption against public servants.
mumbai: shortage of vegetables and spike in its prices looms over the people of mumbai as farmers in maharashtra continued their stir for various demands on the second consecutive day today.
according to sources in navi mumbai agricultural produce marketing committee (apmc), though milk supply to the state capital largely remained unaffected, the number of vehicles transporting vegetables went down in fear of backlash from farmers.
yesterday, the agitating farmers had tried to disrupt vegetable and milk supply to the metropolis.
on an average, every day 7,000 tonnes of vegetables reach navi mumbai apmc, the main supplier to mumbai.
some incidents of stopping of vehicles carrying milk and vegetables were reported in nashik district today.
farmers from many parts of pune, ahmednagar and nashik districts have joined the agitation which is mainly spearheaded by activists, though parties like raju shetti-led swabhimani shetkari sanghatna, an ally of the ruling bjp, have extended moral support to the stir.
the demands raised by agitating farmers include waiving farm loans and ensuring a guaranteed minimum support price (msp) for their produce.
farmers in nashik district are opposing acquisition of land for the proposed super communication expressway which will connect mumbai and nagpur.
according to sources, mumbaikars may start feeling the pinch due to shortage of vegetables in a day or two while vendors in the suburbs and in navi mumbai have already hiked the prices.
according to sources, many operators refused to transport vegetables to mumbai fearing protests by farmers while in nashik district, all the 15 apmc markets remained shut today as no farmers turned up to sell their produce.
people in nashik city and the district faced hardships due to shortage of vegetables while most milk kiosks also remained closed.
farmers blocked parts of mumbai-agra highway near nashik.
they also tried to stop vehicles carrying vegetables to pune and gujarat, police said.
the agitators also stopped a milk tanker headed towards gujarat from nashik at siddha pimpri village late last night and emptied it on the road.
meanwhile, the curfew imposed in yeola town, around 70 km from nashik, remained in force on the second day as well even as the situation was under control since this morning and no untoward incident has been reported so far, police said.
the curfew was imposed yesterday after 14 policemen were injured in stone pelting and police resorted to firing in the air.
so far, 50 people have been detained, including some farmers, for their alleged role in yesterday's incidents of stone pelting and ransacking of trucks carrying vegetables and fruits.
chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday had accused the opposition ncp and the congress of instigating farmers while expressing willingness to hold talks with the agitators.
a committee has been set up which will suggest measures to resolve farmers' issues, he had said.
on wednesday night, protesters in satara, kolhapur and nashik districts tried to disrupt supply of vegetables and milk to mumbai.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday promised farmers in the state a loan waiver the like of which never before seen in the history of the state.
31.
it is to be based on an income-tax-based platform such as the one developed by andhra pradesh.
with the help of an it-based platform, it would be easier to track the multiple loans taken by a farmer which in turn would help the state government to identify the neediest ones and be more judicious in selecting the beneficiaries.
according to fadnavis, 93 per cent of farmers who deserve a loan waiver are small and marginalized farmers.
he claimed that 300 of the 307 agriculture produce marketing committees (apmcs) carried out normal business on the day of the farmers strike.
of the remaining seven, four had a weekly off and only three participated in the strike.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said the state's finance department has organized meetings with banks and other stakeholders but declined to divulge details.
mumbai: a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis paved the way for the shiv sena to install its mayor in bmc, the warring ally today hinted there is no threat to the stability of the bjp-led coalition government.
we have now kept aside the resignation letters which we were carrying in our pockets, shiv sena leader and environment minister ramdas kadam told reporters here.
interestingly, it was kadam who had said the ministers of his party were carrying resignation letters in their pockets, after the sena president uddhav thackeray broke the alliance with the ruling bjp ahead of the bmc polls last month.
when asked if the fadnavis was still on notice period as announced by the sena leadership in run-up to the elections, he said, only thackeray can answer this query.
sena is the junior partner of the bjp in the central and state government.
the cm's announcement of the bjp virtually relinquishing prominent civic posts paved the way for sena to install its mayor in the country's richest civic body.
sena has been demanding mayor's post by virtue of its numerical strength at 84 in bmc, just two more than bjp.
sena had also claimed support of at least four independent corporators.
however, given the hung verdict, both the sena and the bjp could not reach the magic figure of 114 seats needed to rule the 227-member civic body on their respective strength.
in an indication of rapprochement, senior sena leaders attended a press conference addressed by the cm at sahyadri guest house here.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra has managed to save rs 12,000 crore in farm loan waiver alone by adopting a digital platform that helped eliminate bogus claimants, chief minister devendrafadnavis said here sunday.
the state had, in june 2017, announced a farm loan waiver worth rs 34,022 crore amid rising incidents of farmer suicides due to crop failures or falling prices and rising input costs.
the scheme made each farmer with a debt of up to rs 1.
5 lakh eligible for the write-off.
maharashtra was following other states like up, karnataka, andhra pradesh among others.
our farm loan waiver scheme was executed on a digital platform and by that, we could save rs 12,000 crore just because of digital intervention.
had it been the regular way, we would have ended up paying rs 12,000 crore more to the people and that is the power of digitisation, he said at an industry event organised by corporate lobby cii, without offering any details.
he further said the state is launching a programme which is a virtual life cycle management for every farmer.
from sowing to harvesting, everything will be managed through a digital platform and that will give an advantage to farmers to make this sector more sustainable, predictable, he said, adding it will be launched monday.
we are trying to make agriculture more precision-oriented so that we bring down the cost, make it predictable and connect farmers directly to technology, he said.
the state aims to cover all the villages under its broadband connectivity programme by the end of this year.
as part of bharat net, we have started our maha net, which has already reached out to 60 per cent of our targeted villages and by the end of this year, we will be reaching rest of the villages.
hopefully, our fibre will reach every single village.
and with this robust connectivity, we will empower every single citizen to leverage on digital governance and the digital economy, he said.
he further said his government's aaple sarkar service kendra has also provided internet access to villages.
mumbai: the bombay high court today asked striking resident doctors in maharashtra to resume work immediately while chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to them to call of the four-day stir, assuring security in hospitals.
in delhi, union health minister j p nadda asked states to take measures to improve security of doctors.
after the hc's direction and the cm's appeal, the representatives of the protesting doctors went into a huddle to discuss the directive and the steps to be taken thereof.
according to dr sagar mundada, the chairman of the indian medical association's youth wing, a decision on the matter will be taken soon.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors have been striking since monday, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on doctors by patients' relatives at government hospitals across the state.
the protests have been hampering the services of out-patient departments (opds) in various hospitals.
the hc asked the doctors to get back to work and resolve their issues and demands amicably with the government.
a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni gave the directive while hearing a petition filed by activist afak mandaviya seeking action against the protesting doctors.
the hc also directed the government and management of various hospitals not to take any punitive action against the doctors who were served notice yesterday for not resuming their duties.
the doctors will have to first go and resume their duty.
all other issues can be amicably sorted out gradually, chief justice chellur said.
we understand that the doctors are working in strained and horrible conditions sometimes, but we request them to resume work immediately, she said.
chief minister fadnavis, while making a statement in the state legislative assembly on the ongoing strike and its fallout on the public healthcare system, urged the doctors to follow their professional ethics by serving the people.
because of the acts of a few irresponsible people of attacking doctors, it is not right to deny the poor their right to access to the medical facilities.
i appeal to the doctors and their organisations to call off the strike and return to work, he said.
the government had spoken to representatives of the striking doctors and accepted all their demands, he said.
the state has enacted special laws to protect doctors.
state advocate general rohit deo informed the high court today that the government has decided to deploy an additional 1,100 armed police personnel from maharashtra state security corporation in all the state and civic-run hospitals.
the first lot of 500 police personnel will be deployed at hospitals in mumbai on april 5.
the remaining 600 will be deployed at hospitals across the state by april 30, he said.
this will be in addition to the already deployed policemen at the hospitals, deo said.
the court accepted this statement and asked the doctors to resume work.
you (doctors) resume work and see if everything is done as assured by the government.
we will hear the matter every fortnight and supervise the issue, the judges said.
fadnavis, while appealing to the doctors to resume work, said, the laws need continuous upgradation and the government is open to discussion.
state medical education minister girish mahajan had earlier warned the protesting resident doctors that they would lose six months' pay and face suspension if they did not resume work by 8 pm yesterday.
however, the doctors continued with their protest.
the indian medical association -- which has some 40,000 members in maharashtra -- had yesterday extended support to the agitation.
the protest also got support from various other organisations of medical consultants, orthopaedics, general practitioners, mumbai obstetric and gynaecological society, association of surgeons of india-mumbai chapter, among others.
a representative of the protesting doctors earlier said, the resident doctors also need armed security personnel at sensitive places on the hospital premises.
there should be an alarm system so that the doctors can call the security.
the pass system, commonly practised in private hospitals, should be implemented to restrict the number of relatives visiting a patient, he said.
there is also a need to make the attack on doctors a non-bailable offence and cases should be heard before fast track courts.
these are our demands and we are not asking for the moon, still the state is not addressing it on priority, he said.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra government thursday announced rs 150 crore as relief to onion farmers.
the decision by the state cabinet came amid reports about farmers selling freshly harvested onions at as low as rs 1.
50 a kg in maharashtra, the top producer of the bulb in the country.
the financial relief consists of an ex-gratia payment at the rate of rs 200 per quintal (with an upper limit of 200 quintal per onion farmer) for the kitchen staple sold between november 1 and december 15, 2018.
principal secretary (agricultural marketing) anoop kumar said the decision will be applicable to 75 lakh metric tonne of onions.
also read: maharashtra farmer gets rs 1,064 for 750 kg of onion; sends money to pm modi in mark of protestchief minister devendrafadnavis asked the officials concerned to preparing a comprehensive policy for onions.
last month, farmer sanjay sathe, from nashik district, had sent his onion sale earnings of rs 1,064, after selling 750 kg of his produce in a wholesale market, to the prime minister's office (pmo) as a protest.
the pmo had later returned the farmer's money order.
the farmer had said his intention was to prompt the government to take some steps to ease the financial stress that farmers were suffering because of the low prices.
another farmer from maharashtra's ahmednagar district, shreyas abhale, had sent a money order of rs 6 to chief minister devendrafadnavis as a mark of protest against the crashing prices of onion and the paltry returns.
abhale had said that after selling 2,657 kg onions at the rate of rs 1 per kg at the sangamner wholesale market in the district and adjusting market expenses, he was left with only rs 6.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra finance minister and bjp leader sudhir mungantiwar tuesday demanded an inquiry against self-proclaimed cyber expert syed shuja over his claims that 2014 general elections were rigged through the electronic voting machines (evms), which, he said can be hacked.
the ruling bhartiya janata party (bjp) which had won the last lok sabha polls by landslide, has alleged that the congress had organised the evm hackathon in london in which shuja, seeking political asylum in the us, made these claims monday.
read | bjp calls evm row congress sponsoredspeaking to reporters after attending cabinet meeting here, mungantiwar questioned the timing of shuja's claims.
if there was truth in what shuja was saying, why did he keep silent all these years?
what did he fear and why is he saying all this now?
does he have evidence to back his claims?
there should be an enquiry against this person.
he should be caught and a thorough enquiry should be conducted into why did he keep silent till now?
the minister asked.
mungantiwar questioned the locus of shuja in making these baseless allegations sans evidence.
i have spoken to chief minister (devendra fadnavis) on this.
what proofs does he have?
are such claims made in press conferences?
if there is any information, it should be provided in a police station or court, the bjp leader said.
mungantiwar said an individual holding a press conference for creating a sensation in a bid to defame a political party or an individual, is a serious issue.
the (union) government will take this issue very seriously, he said.
shuja had also said that he fled india in 2014 because he felt threatened in the country after the killing of some of his team members.
however, he provided no proof to back up his claim.
in new delhi, the election commission had asserted that it firmly stands by the 'foolproof nature' of its machines even as it said it is examining as to what legal action can and should be taken in the matter.
by ptipuine: over 1.
32 lakh people have been shifted to safer places in western maharashtra with the flood situation remaining especially grim in kolhapur and sangli districts on wednesday following incessant rains.
sixteen deaths in rain- and flood-related incidents have been reported from western maharashtra so far in the last seven days, officials said.
in pune region (comprising districts of pune, satara, solapur, sangli and kolhapur), so far 1.
32 lakh people affected by floods have been evacuated to safer places, said dr deepak mhaisekar, divisional commissioner, pune.
in sangli and kolhapur districts, over 53,000 and 51,000 people, respectively, were evacuated, he said.
in solapur district, 2,500 people were moved to safer places in the temple town of pandharpur after the discharge of water from the overflowing ujani dam increased, he added.
also read: 51,000 affected in kolhapur flood, navy teams mobilisedteams of army, navy and national disaster response force (ndrf) are conducting rescue operations in both the districts and six more ndrf teams will be airlifted to kolhapur by wednesday evening, he said.
all the dams in the region are overflowing and the met department has predicted continuous rains for the next three to four days.
so if the catchment areas of dams receive more rain, possibility of more floods can not be ruled out, mhaisekar added.
in pune district, over 1,300 people were shifted to safer places, he said.
in satara, the flood situation is grim in mahabaleshwar, wai and karad and so far 6,000 people have been evacuated.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation at a meeting in mumbai.
in kolhapur district, 204 out of total 1,234 villages have been affected due to the floods, resident deputy collector sanjay shinde said earlier on wednesday morning.
342 bridges have gone underwater and are closed for vehicles.
twenty-nine state highways and 56 roads have also been shut.
mumbai-bengaluru national highway no 4 and the kolhapur-ratnagiri highway (part of mumbai-goa national highway) are still closed, he said.
over 45 boats have been deployed for evacuation operations, he said.
shinde's own office was not spared by rain fury.
my office has been completely flooded and several offices in the collectorate have been shifted elsewhere, he said.
five teams of the western naval command and four teams of divers from the naval base in goa have been deployed for rescue operations in kolhapur and other areas, a defence spokesperson said.
the rescue teams were flown from ins hansa naval air station in goa on wednesday morning to kolhapur, he said.
during the review meeting in mumbai, the chief minister asked the water resources department to share information on water discharge from dams and other projects with the railways regularly.
he also asked the officials to send medical teams in the affected districts and take special care of children in flood-hit areas.
in kolhapur and sangli, a holiday has been declared for schools and colleges on wednesday.
by ptimumbai: the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) claimed tuesday evening that the four-storey building in south mumbai's dongri area which collapsed earlier in the day was unauthorised.
at least seven persons have died in the collapse with rescue efforts still underway.
mhada's repair and reconstruction board clarifies that its cessed property 25/c kesarbai building is not the one that collapsed this morning, it said in a statement.
in fact, an unauthorised construction erected behind that building is the one that crashed, said vaishali gadpale, chief pro, mhada.
in pics | century-old building collapses in mumbai's dongrithe residents of the kesarbai -- some officials had given its name as kesarbaug -- building had vacated it in 2018 as it had become dilapidated, mhada sources said.
mhada looks after the maintenance of several old and dilapidated private buildings in the city.
such buildings are termed as cessed as its residents pay tax to mhada.
earlier, locals had said the building that collapsed was a cessed building under mhada's supervision.
also read: will take action against those responsible for lapses, says housing authoritybut vinod ghosalkar, chief of mhada repair board, had said that the building did not come under its purview.
meanwhile, mumbai police have registered an accidental death report (adr) into the incident.
we will conduct inquiry to ascertain the causes behind the incident, said nishith mishra, additional commissioner of police, south region, who is supervising the search and rescue operations.
many people are still feared to be trapped under the debris.
also read: minor wrapped in cloth rescued from mumbai building collapse debristhe four-storey residential building collapsed shortly before noon.
it was not in the list of dilapidated buildings and was given to a developer for redevelopment.
between 10 to 15 families lived in the building, he had said.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: all the 17 seats in maharashtra that would go for polls on april 29 in the fourth phase of the general elections are with the bjp-shiv sena alliance and retaining them all would be the hardest challenge for the two parties this time.
most of the seats that are to poll in this phase are from the mumbai-pune-nashik golden triangle that is home to around 40  of the state population, besides the most industrialized and urbanized area of maharashtra.
while the first two phases involved rural maharashtra where the saffron feared a backlash, this phase features areas where it should look to open a good lead.
shiv sena holds a whopping 9 of these 17 seats, while the bjp holds 8.
the bjp has replaced one sitting mp while one of its seats (palghar) has been traded to shiv sena, along with the sitting mp, rajendra gavit.
mumbai congress chief milind deora, actor-turned-neta urmila matondkar, priya dutt, poonam mahajan, sharad pawars grandson parth pawar and actor dr amol kolhe are some of the interesting candidates in fray.
since this is the last phase of lok sabha elections in maharashtra, all political parties are focusing their energies on intense campaigning in a last minute dash.
the urgency was in evidence in the barnstorming by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, as each of them logged four rallies a day.
a host of state and union ministers camped and campaigned for their candidates.
mpcc chief ashok chavan and former chief minister prithviraj chavan, too, pulled out all stops even as congress president rahul gandhi addressed rallies in party strongholds like nandurbar and ahmednagar.
ncps sharad pawar, ajit pawar and other leaders, too, joined the fray addressing rallies, conducting road shows and focusing on door to door campaigning, specifically in mawal, from where the third generation of the pawar family is in fray.
in nandurbar, bjps heena gavit is facing a tough challenge from kc padvi of congress, while union minister of state for defence and sitting dhule mp dr subhash bhamre is in a tough contest with kunal patil of the congress.
three of the four tribal reserved seats (st) are also scheduled to vote, with a tough battle in store at shirdi, where shiv senas sadashiv lokhande faces bhausaheb kamble of the congress, with rebel shiv sena candidate bhausaheb wakchoure spicing up the contest.
north indian votes are likely to be crucial in the interesting fights in mumbai north and north west mumbai, with gujarati votes deemed critical to mumbai south.
congress candidates in all these three constituencies have concentrated on marathis with a campaign around redevelopment, transport infrastructure and environment.
in mumbai north-west constituency, which includes suburbs of andheri-versova-jogeshwari-goregaon-dindoshi, sitting shiv sena mp gajanan kirtikar is pitted against three time mp sanjay nirupam, who was formerly with the sena.
several bollywood celebrities are voters in this constituency, while it also comprises large slums where redevelopment is a major issue.
the constituency is considered to be a congress bastion, with the likes of sunil dutt and gurudas kamat representing it for almost six terms.
kirtikar has an advantage of having alliance mlas in all the six assembly segments, while nirupam is banking on his rapport with the minority and north indian communities who are in significant numbers in pockets in andheri, jogeshwari and malad.
nirupam had made it a prestige issue to contest this seat and marathi television actors featured prominently during the canvassing phase.
apart from slum redevelopment and transport infrastructure, displacement due to mumbai coastal road project is one of the key issues in this constituency.
nirupams image of an aggressive politician is his advantage, but factionalism in the party can be his nemesis.
the contest in mumbai north looked one-sided in favour of bjps sitting mp gopal shetty till the congress fielded actor urmila matondkar, keeping in mind the estimated five lakh marathi-speaking voters here.
shetty had a mammoth lead of over 4.
46 lakh votes, of the total 9.
46 lakh votes polled in 2014.
the constituency extends from western mumbai suburb of malad to borivli on mumbais northern end.
with sanjay gandhi national park on one side, the constituency has several issues of illegal habitation, slums which dont have proper water and sanitation facilities or electricity etc.
suburban rail services is also a big issue in this constituency that proved to be major factor of senior bjp leader ram naiks (now governor of uttar pradesh), five consecutive victories from this constituency.
the constituency has shown a tendency to elect opposition leaders since 1952 when cpi leader sa dange won the seat.
in mumbai south, where the constituency covers citys prime areas starting from southern tip of colaba to malabar hill, worli and sewri, congresss milind deora has already bagged support of ace industrialists mukesh ambani and banker uday kotak.
deora is trying to woo the trading community in the constituency.
however, his lack of a mass base and focus on non-marathi voters might hand the advantage to rival sena mp arvind sawant.
mumbai: in an attempt to minimise the anguish of people, the maharashtra government on monday announced a few measures targeted at farmers, students and extended the date for accepting invalid rs 1,000 and rs 500 notes for bills and taxes.
the state government has decided to allow farmers to carry their agricultural produce up to 50 kg in maharashtra state road transport corporation buses for free till november 24, chief minister devendrafadnavis announced after a meeting with senior government officials at his official residence.
this is will help farmers reach the consumers in city markets with more ease and will also help them get better prices for their produce, the chief ministers office tweeted later.
the state also decided to extend the exemption of toll tax until the midnight of november 18.
also, service charges at border checkposts have been waived and old rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes would be accepted for penalties and dues.
he also asked banks to arrange mobile vans in cities and interior areas of the state so that old notes could be easily exchanged, an official told express.
meanwhile, the bjps ruling partner shiv sena termed the demonetisation decision as monstrous and anarchist.
in a hard-hitting editorial in party mouthpiece saamana, the party accused prime minister of creating financial anarchy in the country.
the edit titled 125 janta garad (125 crore people knocked out), sena president uddhav thackeray remarked that blast of anarchy had taken its toll on the 125 crore people of the country.
are all these people are corrupt or do they have black money with them, asked the paper asked.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicenew waterproof engine for trainsthe central railway has developed what it termed as the waterproof engine to avoid local trains left stranded due to water logging on rail tracks during the monsoon in mumbai.
traction motor at the bottom of the train engines is a key part in this system.
in the waterproof engine, this part is sealed off so that water on tracks wont affect its working.
last year, 4 inch of water on tracks had damaged the traction motor in several trains.
now, even 12 inch of water on tracks wont be able to damage it, the officials have said, raising hopes of a smooth monsoon for mumbaikars.
investments promised for infra projectsa 10-day tour by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the uae, the us and canada sent in good news for mumbaikars.
in many of the meetings that fadnavis had with several business entities, including that of the abu dhabi investment authority (adia), the mbm group, the dp world and the thumbay group in uae, most of them have shown interest in infrastructure development projects in maharashtra and, particularly, those in mumbai.
redevelopment of asias largest slum dharavi, development of the mumbai-nagpur samruddhi corridor and logistics park at ports in maharashtra are some of the key projects that have been promised support by dubai.
mulund dumpyard clearing work soona contractor has been shortlisted from the bids invited a few months ago for reclaiming the mulund dumping ground.
work to clearing off the area of the dumping ground is expected to begin this week.
the dumping yard is expected to be closed down in a phased manner in a time of around six years.
new policy adopted by the state government aims at segregation and composting of domestic waste at source and closing down of dumping ground is a decision taken in line with the policy.
though the local people are happy for the decision, they are still sceptical of the success of the government policy.
campaign to recycle wastenon-degradable trash is choking mumbai day by day.
attempts to find way out of this problem have been made by several people in several forms.
one of such attempts has come from the tetrapak, which is probably the largest producer of packaging material in india.
the company has launched a novel initiative - carton le aao classroom banao - in mumbai on the world environment day.
this initiative is aimed at creating awareness about how citizens can help convert used tetra pak cartons for creative purpose for the less privileged through the simple act of depositing used cartons at any of the 175 collection points across the city.
the cartons are shredded and used in making of benches, desks and school stationary like the pads.
our correspondent in maharashtraabhijit.
by ptimumbai: the issue of tigress avni's killing figured in the maharashtra cabinet meeting on tuesday with senior shiv sena leader and environment minister ramdas kadam seeking a judicial inquiry into the case.
senior bjp leader and forest minister sudhir mungantiwar, however, said he was not aware of the issue being discussed during the meeting.
talking to reporters after the weekly cabinet meeting, kadam said he raised the issue of the tigress' killing and demanded a judicial probe.
when contacted, mungantiwar said, when i came for the meeting, nobody spoke about it.
i am not aware if the issue was raised in my absence.
read| tigress avni was shot from behind, says expert's reportthe bjp-led state government has come under fire over the death of the tigress, who was believed to have turned a man-eater and killed 13 people in the last two years in yavatmal district.
the big cat was shot dead in an operation in a forest in yavatmal district last friday.
the killing of t1, as the tigress was officially known, led to an outrage among animal lovers and wildlife organisations.
shiv sena chief president uddhav thackeray had described as farce the committee constituted by the state government to probe the killing of avni.
he had demanded that a panel be formed under a retired judge to probe the tigress' killing.
those who had given the 'supari' (contract) to kill the tigress have been made members of the (probe) committee.
the committee set up is a farce, thackeray had said on saturday.
taking a dig at senior ally bjp, thackeray said if chief minister devendrafadnavis backed state forest minister sudhir mungantiwar saying he could not be held responsible for the killing, why did prime minister narendra modi take credit for the surgical strike, when he had not himself conducted it.
the state government had friday constituted a four-member committee, comprising wildlife experts and officials, to conduct an in-depth probe into the tigress' killing.
read| tigress avni's killing: union minister nitin gadkari backs maharashtra forest minister sudhirit is headed by principal chief conservator of forest s h patil.
it includes wildlife institute of india member habib bilal, wildlife conservation trust chairman anish andheriya and additional principal chief conservator of forest nitin kakodkar, an official statement from the forest department issued earlier said.
the committee will probe if established protocols and standard operating practices were followed in the case, and submit a report to the government.
union minister maneka gandhi had lashed out at the state government over avni's killing and dubbed it as a ghastly murder.
avni was the mother of two 10-month-old cubs.
the maharashtra government, however, defended itself calling the incident sad but necessary after the tigress attacked forest staff trying to tranquilise it.
by online deskaround 30,000 drought-hit farmers and tribals from ahmednagar, north maharashtra, bhusawal, marathwada and vidarbha are holding a two-day march from wednesday in mumbai, demanding the implementation of welfare measures promised by the government.
the protestors, who came to thane on saturday after marching from nashik, are seeking land reforms and the implementation of the swaminathan committee report which proposed a loan waiver.
other demands included allocation of cultivable land for landless peasants, a minimum support price which is 50 per cent higher than the production cost, drought compensation of rs 50,000 per acre for non-irrigated land and rs 1 lakh per acre for irrigated land.
the march, which started at a toll plaza in thane town to end at somaiya ground in mumbai's sion area on wednesday, will have members affiliated to the lok sangharsh morcha (lsm) and has been supported by the maharashtra unit of aam admi party, janata dal (secular), peasants and workers party and swaraj india president yogendra yadav among other activists and political factions.
magsaysay award winner dr rajendra singh, also known as waterman of india, is among the marchers.
speaking to the new indian express, tanveer ahmed, national spokesperson, jd(s) said, issues affecting farmers are present in every part of the country but they have been highly prevalent in maharashtra for a very long time.
ever since the bjp has come into power in the state, they have failed to understand the problems especially that of sugarcane ones.
this has resulted in the farmer suicide rate of maharashtra being the highest in the country.
we have always understood such issues and hence we stand with them in such movements.
he also said that the party will try bringing in the support of congress, who has a coalition with them in the karnataka government.
after the state government announced the loan waiver last year, the banks are not ready to give the crop loans to the farmers.
besides, the farmers are getting less than the msp for their produce and there is no mechanism to complain about it, said pratibha shinde, general secretary of the lsm, who is handling the protest march.
the march will continue the following day from somaiya to vidhan sabha (state legislative assembly) and will have a rally by the lsm which is expected to be attended by left-affiliated organisations.
shinde said they had sent around 20,000 postcards to chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this month, announcing the march.
in march this year, around 35,000 farmers from the left-leaning all india kisan sabha (aiks) carried out a similar march from nashik to mumbai with the same demands.
the protest was called off when fadnavis assured the kisan sabha that most of their demands would be accepted, but the kisan sabha has claimed that the promise wasnt fulfilled.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said he had asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to finalise senas list of nominees, but later sought to play down the worries over little progress in seat-sharing talks with ally bharatiya janata party for the forthcoming state polls.
while fadnavis and thackeray have time and again scotched speculations of cracks in the saffron alliance, seat-sharing talks have yet to rival or dwarf the speed at which the allies have been raiding opposition citadels to poach leaders.
well then put that list before our party members and decide on the way forward.
he later clarified that the sea- sharing talks are at the final stage and the formal announcement of the alliance would be made at an appropriate time.
a senior sena leader sought to explain thackerays comment saying he responded with his trademark sarcasm when bombarded with questions on seat talks during the formal induction of former ncp minister bhaskar jadhav into the sena fold at matoshree.
the sena chief had cleared the air on the alliance earlier this week, as he shared the dais with prime minister narendra modi at the launch of three new metro lines in mumbai.
however, the two parties have yet to arrive at a consensus on a seat deal.
there are speculations that various formulae are being tried to lock mutually-agreeable seat deal at the earliest.
it is also being speculated that the allies could exchange a few seats that they presently hold.
by ptiwashington: there is an urgency for emerging markets and developing economies to get ready to cope with possible turbulence, a top world bank official has said as she called on the governments to concentrate more on their debt management practices and accelerate the pace of reforms.
kristalina georgieva, the world bank's ceo, said the global growth is moderating from 3 per cent to 2.
9 per cent in 2019.
that is still a robust growth performance.
but what we see happening are troubling signs in terms of international trade and manufacturing activities, she said.
in this more challenging environment, there is an urgency for emerging markets and developing economies to get ready to cope with possible turbulence and to build fiscal and monetary space, to build policy buffers, she said in a conference call with journalists on the occasion of the release of the global economic prospects report.
she said the governments have to concentrate more on their debt management practices, especially in countries where this is already a serious concern.
they need to use borrowing to fund development needs, to use borrowing for productive purposes and they have to work with creditors on transparency and sustainability of lending practices, she said.
georgieva will serve as the interim president of the world bank after jim yong kim departs the international financial institution on february 1.
urging countries to accelerate reforms, georgieva said from the bank's perspective, this is particularly critical for investing in human capital, lowering barriers to higher investments and boost positivity and make sure that they are integrated in the world economy in a way that helps them to expand and grow.
they are softening and, on that background, we face two risks that are likely to persist throughout the year.
one, trade tensions and two, financial strength in large emerging markets and developing economies, she said.
one of the issues of concern she said, is that the bank's main focus on poverty reduction is correlated to strong, steady, and equitable economic growth.
when growth softens, we are likely to see either stalling or even reversal of poverty reduction.
we are also concerned about debt levels and especially debt levels in low-income countries where during the period of time of low-interest rates, there had been a build-up of debt and now debt service is eating into the government revenues making it more difficult to fund essential social services, she said.
noting that the majority of low-income countries would be impacted, she said that they would be hard-hit by a sudden weakening in trade or by global financial conditions worsening.
what i mean by that is situations in which financial flows go into the direction of safer locations and that makes both access and costs for countries more difficult, less favourable, she said.
ayhan kose, director of the world bank prospects group, said that the external environments has been becoming increasingly challenging for emerging market and all developing economies.
trade has been slowing, global manufacturing activity has been getting weaker and financial conditions have been tightened.
these developments have affected the bank's growth projections, he said.
in emerging market and developing economies, we expect growth to stabilise around 4.
2 per cent in 2019.
however, relative to our june report, we expect 0.
5 percentage points lower growth in this year in these economies, kose said.
raj bhavan sources said the swearing-in ceremony will held at 11am on sunday, a day before the monsoon session of the maharashtra legislature, the last before assembly polls later this year, begins.
in the last few days, both fadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar had given enough indications about a cabinet expansion.
earlier, on friday night, fadnavis had met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and discussed about the ministers to be inducted in his cabinet.
i met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray at his residence matoshri and discussed in detail cabinet expansion, fadnavis had tweeted late friday night.
.
.
devendra fadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) june 14, 2019the republican party of india (athawale) saturday announced that its leader avinash mahatekar will be inducted into the fadnavis government in sunday's expansion.
currently, there are 37 ministers including the chief minister, and fadnavis can accommodate another five.
a vacancy was created in 2018 when bjp's pandurang fundkar died, the then agriculture minister.
the portfolio is now being handled by revenue minister chandrakant patil.
deepak sawant, then health minister, resigned earlier this year and the department is being looked after by eknath shinde, who is also the pwd minister.
parliamentary affairs and food and civil supplies minister girish bapat resigned after being elected to the lok sabha from pune.
his portfolios are being shared by education minister vinod tawde and tourism minister jaykumar rawal.
while the bjp has 16 cabinet ministers and seven ministers of state (mos), its main all shiv sena has five cabinet ministers and only one mos.
smaller allies have one cabinet and mos post each.
by anikolhapur: inspecting relief and rescue operations in kolhapur on sunday, maharashtra bjp chief and state's revenue minister chandrakant patil was caught on camera yelling at a group of flood victims who were voicing their grievances.
addressing a crowd, patil, who is also the guardian minister of kolhapur and pune, was asking people to not to get worried and impatient and have faith in the administration's work.
soon after, he lost his cool and raised his voice at a complainant.
once the road from shiroli starts, the facilitation or amenities will become easier.
i understand that you need amenities at this point of time and in such a situation but you have to understand that you have to request things and facilities.
you need to be patient and systematic.
the government is complete with you in this situation but you have to understand that there's no point in complaining.
the officials have been working for 24 hours tirelessly with no sleep, and still, you want to complain against them?
he was heard telling the crowd when some people start making noise and putting forth their grievances.
also read| devotees throng to mosques to offer namaz in flood-affected kolhapur in maharashtrafurthermore, patil angrily gestured at the crowd to settle down and said, shut up.
patil hails from kolhapur district in western maharashtra and was appointed as bjp's state unit chief in july this year.
many districts of maharashtra including kolhapur and sangli have been reeling under floods in the wake of incessant rains in the region.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday took a detailed review meeting with the chief secretary, senior officials from resettlement and rehabilitation (r&r), disaster management department and other concerned officials at ministry control room.
a day prior to the meeting, fadnavis had visited kolhapur and sangli and taken stock of the situation.
eight-five teams of the ndrf, state disaster response force, army, navy and territorial army are currently deployed in sangli and kolhapur districts for rescue efforts.
by ptipune: amid speculation that he may join the bjp, ncp's satara mp udayanraje bhosale met his party chief sharad pawar at the latter's residence in maharashtra's pune city on thursday.
the meeting here comes two days after bhosale, who is a descendant of warrior king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, met chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai.
ncp leader dhananjay munde later told reporters that the meeting of bhosale with pawar was regarding the upcoming state assembly polls.
today's meeting between pawar saheb and bhosale was about the party's overall campaign in the state in view of the upcoming elections, munde said.
asked whether this meeting will end the speculation of bhosale joining the bjp, munde said the ncp mp himself never made any statement about joining the ruling party.
in fact, camps in the bjp were deliberately spreading rumours about his joining to divert the attention of people of the state from some key issues, the leader of opposition in the state legislative council said.
today's meeting was to chalk out a strategy for the state elections, he reiterated.
his statement came after bhosale lavished praise on the chief minister for carrying out development works in satara.
the lok sabha member from satara had also accused the previous congress-ncp government of creating obstacles in the progress of his constituency.
bhosale, who is one of the ncp's four mps from maharashtra, then said he will have to take a decision based on what was in the interest of the people of his constituency at a given time.
recently, his cousin and ncp's satara mla shivendrasinh bhosale deserted the opposition party and joined the bjp along with other legislators like sandip naik and vaibhav pichad.
on wednesday, former state minister and ncp's navi mumbai strongman ganesh naik also joined the bjp along with around 50 corporators.
by ptimumbai: asserting that the bjp and shiv sena would stay united, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis wednesday said the resignation letters of sena ministers now lie into the sarayu river.
fadnavis' reference to the sacred river came against the backdrop of the uddhav thackeray-led party's strong pitch for construction of a ram temple in ayodhya and his recent visit to the temple town in uttar pradesh.
with the sena and bjp being together, the congress-ncp combine will have to sit in opposition for another 10 to 15 years, the chief minister said in the legislative assembly.
he was responding to leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil's (congress) dig at the sena for its silence on the upcoming nanar refinery and sammriddhi corridor projects.
their (sena's) resignation letters lie into the sarayu river now.
you don't worry.
both of us (sena and bjp) are together and there is no need for any resignations, the chief minister said.
you will have to sit there (on opposition benches) for another 10 to 15 years.
senior sena leader ramdas kadam had famously said last year that he and his colleagues in the bjp-led government are carrying resignation letters in their pockets and waiting for the party chief's directions.
the uddhav thackeray-led party has been opposing the nanar refinery project on the grounds that it is against the interest of the farmers and would destroy ecology in ratnagiri district in the coastal konkan region.
the party had tried to stall acquisition of the farm land for the state government's flaghship samruddhi corridor project which envisages construction of a super-highway connecting mumbai with nagpur, a distance of over 700 kms.
mumbai: riding high on the victory in the recent civic polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis profusely thanked the people of maharashtra for reposing their trust in the bjp, terming the results as a trust wave, even as the opposition congress and ncp are contemplating on a no-trust motion against his government.
a senior congress leader told the express that his party along with the ncp and the shiv sena is planning to topple the state government during the budget session of the state assembly which is scheduled to begin on march 6.
an understanding has been reached wherein the congress and the ncp along with their smaller allies will support the shiv sena to have their mayor elected in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) after sena formally announces that it is pulling out of the state government, the congress leader said.
we are more interested in pulling down the state government.
we want to force the government into the mid-term polls, the leader said on condition of anonymity.
a senior shiv sena insider too indicated that the party is likely to withdraw from the government sometime next week.
party workers have been forcing the leadership to pull out.
many of them are scheduled to visit thackeray's residence--matoshree over next week, the party insider told the express.
meanwhile, fadnavis, while speaking at victory rally of his party indirectly dared the shiv sena to leave the government.
people have not elected us under the spell of any other wave.
it is the trust wave that has supported us.
the government will complete its term of five years come what may.
those who want to leave us are free to do so, he said.
by express news servicebelagavi: a timely meeting of the state bjp delegation with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday night to make an appeal for release of water from maharashtras dams to the krishna river has paid off.
according to sources, officials of the water resources department in maharashtra have begun the process of releasing 2 tmc ft of water from either from koyna or varna dam.
a delegation headed by rajya sabha mp prabhakar kore and several mlas with party leaders held a 40-minute meeting with fadnavis urging him to expedite the process of releasing water to karnataka on humanitarian grounds.
it will take at least 36 hours for the water to reach the river once it is released from koyna dam, sources said, adding from varna dam, it will take at least 16 hours to reach krishna.
another 2 tmc ft of water is also expected to be released from koyna dam to the krishna river within next one month.
officials of the states water resources department are prepared to initiate measures for effective utilisation of released water.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicethe ambitious nagpur-mumbai super communication express way (nmscew) has been nicknamed the samruddhi corridor by the maharashtra government, expected as it is to bring prosperity to the state.
connecting the state capital mumbai with its second capital nagpur, this six-lane, 800 km project passes through 10 districts and provides fast track connectivity to another 14 through with six-lane connecting ways.
recently, government officials claimed that almost 90 per cent of land acquisition for the project is complete.
the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc), entrusted with its execution, is currently busy with the financial closure of contracts for various parts of the project, say officials, adding that the actual work is likely to begin in january 2019, when pm narendra modi will lay the foundation stone for the road set to be named after former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee.
the western part of maharashtra already has good road infrastructure.
65 per cent of states industrial output comes from this area, while 90 per cent of states it companies are located here.
the samruddhi corridor will connect this to the eastern part of the state which is under-developed.
the corridor passes through 65 per cent of states agro-based areas and is hence expected to substantially increase the trade of farm produce and encourage growth of agro-industries.
this project, insists chief minister devendrafadnavis , will turn out to be a role model for integrated development.
according to estimates, upon completion in 2021, over 23,000 commercial vehicles are expected to use this corridor.
the standards for this road are also being planned and set in such a manner that even with vehicles moving at a speed of 150 kmph, the road would be free of fatalities.
this, officials say, will elevate the existing freight transport standards prevailing in the state to match global norms.
the travel time between nagpur and mumbai is also expected to come down to 8 hours from over 14 hours currently.
moreover, the expressway will have wi-fi access, traffic surveillance and enforcement, cctvs to monitor its entire length, food plazas and restaurants, shops and wayside amenities like trauma centres, bus bays, truck terminuses, quick response teams etc.
, at 34 locations.
these services, along with the industrial pockets that are expected to come up, will bring in 20 lakh jobs to the belt, show projections.
in the earlier version, the 55,000 crore project also had over 30 industrial townships along the way.
however, after a series of agitations against land acquisition, the township portion of the plan was dropped.
instead, a network of 5,000 km of expressway quality roads linking the corridor to 24 districts would be developed, likely to do away with the need for the townships.
considering the projects scale, absolutely no delay has happened so far, officials insist, adding that this is a first-of-its-kind expressway.
so far 22,803 farmers have given their land and approximately 1,173.
05 crore has been spent to acquire 90.
45 per cent of total 8,162.
23 hectares required.
fadnavis was speaking to reporters on the eve of the last budget session of the maharashtra legislature here.
after the alliance was announced monday, senior bjp minister chandrakant patil and his cabinet colleague from the sena ramdas kadam had sparred over who would become chief minister.
while patil said the party which wins more seats in the assembly polls will get the cm's post, kadam stated that the post will be divided between the two parties for an equal period.
the chief minister also said that 11 bills will be introduced in this session of the state legislature.
new delhi: oracle and the government of maharashtra today signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) intended to accelerate the states digital transformation initiatives.
leveraging oracle cloud solutions, oracle and the government of maharashtra will develop the states smart city program, with the goal of making the states urban landscape more livable and inclusive, while driving economic growth.
according to the mou, oracle and the maharashtra government will create a center of excellence (coe) to help accelerate its smart city program and modernize the governments technology solutions.
the coe, housed in mumbai, will serve as a research platform to design, develop and test new capabilities that will deliver better government-to-citizen (g2c) and government-to-business (g2b) services.
benefiting from the power of the cloud, the coe will enable rapid innovation with minimal capital expenditures.
in addition, the coe will offer a flexible and scalable common framework, as well as a team of experts, allowing individual cities to scale and replicate its solutions.
the proposed projects, to be finalized before the end of the calendar year, include:smart city in a box mobile platform for service questions unified app development for services like drivers license renewals or property tax payments digital platform to deliver smart city services across the state connected infrastructure across all devices, kiosks and citizens infrastructure services for equipment and itresources to manage transportation logistics, including analytics, asset tracking, fleet management resources to manage utilities, including water and powermany of these projects will support the governments e-services program aimed at citizens, visitors, business establishments and government officials.
both oracle and the government of maharashtra will invest in it infrastructure, training and skillset resources as well as management of the coe.
the government of maharashtra, the largest state economy in india initiated a program in april to develop 10 smart cities adding to the 33 announced by the central government in the 100 smart cities initiative.
cloud computing has changed the landscape of governance.
he added, together with oracle, we want to build a new, efficient, transparent and inclusive system that benefits our people.
the coe is a step in that direction and will make more government services available with the click of a button.
i look forward to working with oracle on this important mission.
we are thrilled to further our commitment in india by working with the government of maharashtra and the prime minister of india, shri narendra modi, to help position india as a world-class design and manufacturing epicenter.
the cloud center of excellence powered by oracle will play a key role in improving the lives of the people of this state, said safra catz, ceo, oracle corporation.
by moving to the cloud, the government has the opportunity to create a digitally empowered society and a growing knowledge economy.
we look forward to making this partnership a success.
this follows oracles recent commitment with prime minister narendra modi to support the countrys global digital leadership.
oracle unveiled a massive, state-of-the-art campus centered in bengalaru, nine incubation centers throughout india, and an initiative to train more than half a million students each year to develop computer science skills.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the leaders of the ruling saffron alliance in maharashtra have advised their legislators to avoid being part of any misinformation campaign by engaging in pointless discussions as they prepare for the upcoming assembly polls.
focus on your work was the mantra during a joint meeting of bjp and shiv sena mlas addressed by chief minister devendrafadnavis and sena president uddhav thackeray on monday, said one of the legislators.
the meeting was held as part of preparations for the polls.
of late there have been statements and counter statements about who would be the chief minister after the elections, following heated debates on the issue between members of the two parties.
the legislators were advised on monday to avoid such statements.
the details of who would contest how many seats, which seats would be left for whom, and what is the formula for the cms post have been decided while finalising the alliance, they were told.
answers to these questions would come into the public domain in due course.
till then discussions on such issues need to be avoided, the legislators were advised, said sources.
the mlas were also asked to submit a report on their work in their respective constituencies.
earlier, in an internal meeting of the bjp, fadnavis indicated that nearly half of the mlas were unlikely to be fielded in the polls.
he also appealed to party workers to focus on winning the election in their respective areas rather than engaging in discussions over who would be the next chief minister.
from july 1, the bjp will formally start preparations at all 91,000 booths with the aim to reach out to the maximum number of voters.
cong mla wadettivar elected oppn leadervijay wadettivar, congress mla from chandrapur who was earlier a shiv sena worker, was elected leader of opposition (lop) in the maharashtra assembly on monday.
sena spokesperson dr neelam gorhe was elected as deputy chairperson of the legislative council.
the nomination of the lop was necessitated after senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil quit the post.
wadettivar had left shiv sena in 2005 along with the then lop narayan rane to join the congress.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis thursday hailed bjp-led nda's performance in the lok sabha elections saying the 'modi wave' of the 2014 polls turned into a 'tsunami' this time.
he was talking to reporters after the latest trends showed that the nda appeared set to retain power at the centre with a landslide margin.
in the previous election, there was a modi wave.
now, it has turned into a tsunami.
going by the current trends, i think our seats in maharashtra are likely to go up.
it has also increased our responsibilities, he said.
the bjp is set to return to power as it led in over 300 seats while the congress trailed far behind with about 50, according to trends released by the election commission for all 542 seats that went to polls.
also read: lok sabha elections 2019 results livein maharashtra, out of the 48 seats, the bjp was leading in 23 seats, the shiv sena in 18, the ncp in four while the congress, aimim and an independent candidate were ahead in one seat each.
the mandate would now give us sleepless nights as there are several issues to be addressed in the state.
but people have put their trust in pm modi and the bjp, and the efforts taken to resolve the issues before the country, he added.
fadnavis also thanked shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray saying, both the parties (bjp and sena) helped each other and maintained coordination.
it helped both the parties in winning more number of seats as per the current trends.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government will last the full term and expressed confidence that bjp will come to power in the mumbai civic body.
those who are putting us on notice are not taken seriously in their own party and we too don't take them seriously.
my government is strong and will last for the full five years.
he said that bjp had differences with shiv sena over the style of functioning (of the bmc), we wanted to set the development agenda first, and not the number of seats to be contested by both the parties.
however, sena rejected our development agenda and told us that they will not give us more than 60 seats.
dhule: the aged grandmother of indian soldier chandu babulal chavan, who was captured by pakistan troops, died of apparent shock on friday on hearing of the news, a relative said.
lila chindha patil died after hearing of his capture by the enemy forces, a close relative told media.
patil fostered chavan and his brother -- who too is in the army -- after the siblings lost their parents at a young age.
chavan is a resident of borvihir town near dhule.
chavan is attached to the 37 rashtriya rifles while his brother bhushan babulal chavan is posted with the 9th maratha light infantry in gujarat, their maternal uncle ajit patil said.
chandu chavan, 22, who was planning to get married around diwali, was captured by pakistani forces after he accidentally strayed across the line of control (loc) on thursday afternoon.
the development was confirmed by both governments and india is making efforts to secure his release.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who in new delhi, has taken up the issue with the centre, while the indian government has raised the matter with pakistan to bring back chavan from captivity.
i don't have the details.
by ptimumbai: amid the uncertainty over its alliance with the shiv sena, the bjp tuesday said it wants to join hands with the uddhav thackeray-led party as they share a common ideology and can provide a steady government.
we do want the alliance with sena only because of our common ideology.
we can offer a steady government through such an alliance, bjp leader and maharashtra minister pankaja munde said here.
but if someone does not want to join hands, then we are ready to face the elections on our own, she said in response to a query.
the shiv sena had monday said it would always be the big brother in an alliance with the bjp in maharashtra, and added that no such proposal had been received from the latter.
also read: leave alliance issue to me: uddhav thackeray tells shiv sena mpshowever, countering sena's claim of being the big brother, chief minister devendrafadnavis , while speaking at the valedictory function of a day-long meeting of the state working committee of the bjp in jalna, hit back saying his party was not seeking a tie-up desperately.
several bjp ministers in the state have stated earlier that an alliance with the sena, which has often been critical of the bjp-led government, is needed to keep anti-hindutva forces at bay.
the sena had said last january that it would go it alone in all future elections.
till 2014, the bjp and sena, allies for long, had an understanding where the former contested a larger share of lok sabha seats and the latter contested a greater number of assembly seats in maharashtra.
in the 2014 assembly polls, which the two parties fought separately, the bjp won 122 seats against sena's 63.
the sena later joined the government in the state as a junior partner.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: a woman hurled a balloon filled with ink at the cavalcade of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis at akola in ahmednagar district on friday as he started the third leg of his maha janadesh yatra.
the ballon did not reach any of the vehicles and ink was seen spread on the road.
police said the cm's vehicle reached the spot shortly after the incident happened.
no case has been filed in this regard.
according to sources, sharmili yeole, the young woman who hurled the balloon, belongs to the swabhimani shetkari sanghatana.
she shouted slogans against the candidature of ncp leader madhukar pichad who joined the bjp in the presence of fadnavis earlier in the day.
cm, go back, she shouted and also raised slogans demanding that the government should shut down its 'mahaportal' that announces government schemes and make adequate arrangements for the protection of women.
meanwhile, as he started with the third leg of his outreach program, fadnavis assured people of the state of 100  housing within the next two years.
nobody in the state shall be homeless in the next two years.
prime minister narendra modi has promised housing for all by 2022.
the state has already built 7 lakh houses under the pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay).
four lakh additional houses are being built.
the state government has prepared a scheme to ensure that everybody who is listed as homeless on the socio-economic caste census (secc) would be given homes by the year-end.
those who are not on the list would be brought to the list and given homes within the next two years, fadnavis added.
mumbai: members of the ruling bjp and sena today took objection to a bill that proposes amendments to the provisions under ipc and crpc and seeks increased punishment for attacking public servants on duty.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had yesterday introduced the bill in the state assembly that seeks to enhance the punishment for assaulting public servants to five years' jail term from the existing three years.
during a discussion on the bill in the assembly today, bjp legislator ashish shelar objected to making an offence like causing hurt and assault or use of criminal force (under section 352 of the indian penal code) punishable with five years imprisonment (from the existing three years) and making it cognisable and non bailable.
fortunately or unfortunately, opposition members are not present in the house.
all of us are elected because we lead agitations highlighting the issues concerning common man.
as per the provisions of this bill, even if we verbally argue with a government official, we can be booked under provision of this amendment.
we can get bail only in the sessions court, he said.
shelar said the motive behind bringing the bill is that nearly 17,682 cases in connection with deterring public servant from discharge of his duty, were registered between 2011 and 2016.
if that is so, between 2012 and 2016, there have been attacks on 337 journalists and 52 media houses, he said.
the bjp leader sought to know what steps had been taken to curb the growing incidents of crimes like murder and theft against common citizens and whether punishment for these criminal acts been enhanced.
he said the existing provisions of the ipc give protection to public servants.
participating in the debate, chandradeep narke of shiv sena said elected representatives do not need such protection.
we are elected by the people and they have the powers to question us if their work is not done.
public servants don't treat common citizens well and that is the reason why they face citizens wrath, he said.
he said the amendment bill should ensure that the rights of the common man are upheld and demanded that the bill be sent to a joint select committee of both the houses to plug its loopholes.
sena members jayprakash mundada and shambhuraje desai demanded the bill be postponed till next week for a detailed debate.
parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat said a debate on the issue would resume today after chief minister devendrafadnavis returns from an official engagement in bhiwandi.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: rampant encroachments and blatant violations of construction norms are being held responsible for the deaths of at least 45 people in incidents of wall collapse in mumbai, kalyan and pune on tuesday.
in the suburb of malad (east), the compound wall of bmcs reservoir at pimpri pada collapsed on a few shanties late on monday night, trapping several people.
the incident was reported at around 1 am on tuesday.
while the death toll had reached 45 by tuesday night, 72 others have been admitted to several hospitals, where the condition of at least four is said to be critical.
a man walks at the spot after heavy rainfall caused a wall to collapse onto shanties, in mumbai.
(photo | ap)a woman, who was trapped along with a child, under the debris was rescued and sent to a hospital, officials said.
pained to know about the loss of lives in malad wall collapse incidence.
my thoughts are with families who lost loved ones & prayers for speedy recovery of injured.
rs 5 lakh will be given to the kin of deceased, chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
'malad and chandivali are areas where hill slopes have encroached and most of the encroachments have been regularised for a long time.
at chandivali the encroachments are coupled with blatant violation of construction norms, the local residents have said.
read here | deaths, paralysis, chaos: mumbai left reeling by record rainin a separate incident, at least three people were killed and one injured in a wall collapse incident early on tuesday in kalyan, about 40 km from mumbai.
the wall of national urdu school, opposite durgadi fort in kalyan (west), fell on the nearby hutments killing two women and a three-year-old boy.
a 16-year-old girl was also injured in the accident.
six more people were killed in maharashtras pune after a wall of sinhgad institute at ambegaon area collapsed on shanties housing workers.
according to district collector naval kishore ram, the wall gave in after a tree fell on it.
among the dead were construction labourers from chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh.
new delhi: the chief minister of delhi arvind kejriwal criticized the bjp on sunday over the way of handling of the talks between the mns and filmmakers in ensuring release of 'ae dil hai mushkil' featuring pakistani actor.
bjp will ruin the country, kejriwal said in a tweet.
a huge national uproar has been created after the chief minister of maharashtra devendrafadnavis medicated the talks of which the result was that mns chief raj thackeray forced filmmakers who worked with pakistani actors have to comply with including a contribution of rs 5 crore to the army welfare fund.
mns had threatened to disrupt the screening of the film as it features pakistani actor fawad khan.
fadnavis has also been facing criticism from the opposition parties for bowing to the highhanded tactics of the mns and failing to ensure rule of law in maharashtra.
under pressure from political and other outfits, bollywood film producers had yesterday announced that they will not engage with pakistani artistes, clearing decks for the smooth release of karan johar's ae dil hai mushkil.
johar has agreed to put a special mention in the beginning of the film paying homage to martyrs, a move to assuage sentiments in the country triggered by the terror attack on an army base in uri that claimed the lives of 19 security personnel.
by ptiahmednagar: in yet another setback to the nationalist congress party (ncp) in maharashtra, its akole mla vaibhav pichad announced on saturday that he was going to join the ruling bjp.
vaibhav is son of senior ncp leader and former state minister madhukar pichad.
two days ago, the ncp's mumbai unit chief sachin ahir joined the shiv sena, a ruling alliance partner.
vaibhav pichad told pti that he had organised a meeting of his followers at akole in ahmednagar district on saturday to gauge their opinion.
most of his supporters wanted him to join the bjp, he said.
also read | ncp leader performs 'havan' to dissuade leaders from ditching partychief minister devendrafadnavis had assured him that he would get all help to solve the problems of his constituency, he said.
very soon i will formally join the bharatiya janata party, he said.
a day after sachin ahir announced in mumbai that he was joining the shiv sena, ncp's state women wing chief chitra wagh announced on friday that she was quitting the sharad pawar-led party.
there was speculation that she may join the bjp.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: opposition parties boycotted governor ch vidyasagar rao's address to the joint seating of both the houses of maharashtra legislature on monday while blaming him for flaunting his rss links.
during a program at nagpur earlier this month, rao had described the rss as one of the most secular and inclusive organisations and said it had always respected the right of individuals to practice their own faith.
the opposition expressed displeasure over the remarks and stayed away from the governor's customary address to mark the beginning of the budget session of state legislature.
they also staged demonstrations at the entrance of legislative assembly and shouted slogans condemning the rss.
gandhi hum sharminda hain, tere katil jinda hain, they said.
while explaining the opposition's stand, leader of opposition in legislative council dhananjay munde said, the government makes pompous claims in the governor's speech.
this has been going on for past four years.
the same things happen in case of a budget.
there populist schemes are announced and implementation is ignored.
both these things coupled with the governor's sudden love for the rss left us with no chance but to boycott his address.
we are doubtful if it will be the governor's address or that of a rss person, he added.
on sunday, opposition parties boycotted the customary tea party hosted by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the interim budget session.
they said the state government should not announce any populist or policy decisions during the six-day session.
mumbai: counting of votes began this morning in the election to 147 municipal councils and 17 nagar panchayats across 25 districts in maharashtra, seen as a litmus test for the devendra fadnavis' government.
as many as 15,826 candidates are in the fray for 3,705 seats spread over the municipal councils and nagar panchayats, where voting was held yesterday in the first phase with around 70 per cent of the electorate exercising its franchise.
no nominations were received for shirala nagar panchayat in sangli district while 28 candidates were elected unopposed.
counting of votes began at 10 am.
polling was also held for municipal council presidents post in 147 places for which 1,013 candidates are in the race.
the polls are being viewed as 'mini' assembly elections and a test of popularity of chief minister devendrafadnavis who led the bjp campaign to make inroads in the rural areas where congress and ncp hold sway.
this is for the first time that presidents of municipal councils will be elected directly by people.
the second phase for elections to 14 municipal councils will be held on december 14.
demonetisation, farm distress, improvement in rural infrastructure and caste tensions due to morcha by various communities in the run up to the polls were the main issues apart from local matters.
while ruling alliance partners, bjp and shiv sena, had tied up for the polls, the opposition congress and ncp didn't formally announce any alliance.
while bjp projected development as its main plank, during the campaign fadnavis hailed the demonetisation move as a major attack on black money.
the congress highlighted the hardships being faced by the poor and common man due to demonetisation among other issues.
in total, including yesterday's phase, elections are being held for 212 civic bodies, comprising municipal councils and nagar panchayats, in four phases.
the next rounds of voting are scheduled on december 14, december 18, and january 8.
a farmer throws vegetables on the road during an agitation | ptimany support farmers shutdown across maharashtra, though protests turn violent in some places.
a truck full of milk packets destroyed in jhabua district of madhya pradesh even as the congress party backs the protestsmumbai/bhopal:the call for a shutdown across maharashtra, except mumbai, as part of the ongoing farmers protests, evoked good response on monday from various sections of the society, though it disrupted normal life in different parts of the state.
in some places, the protests turned violent.
with puntamba, the epicentre of the protests, remaining completely shut, nashik, kolhapur and sangli were some of the other major centres where life was thrown out of gear due to the bandh.
farmers and jai jawan jai kisan activists pour milk on the road during a protest as part of the maharashtra bandh in nagpur on monday;the agricultural produce marketing committees (apmc) remained open in some places such as pune, solapur, dhule and navi mumbai.
all major apmcs from nashik district, including lasalgaon, pimpalgaon and niphad, remained closed.
life in cities across the district too was affected.
major markets in sangli and kolhapur were completely shut down.
farmers in chandwad resorted to road roko on the manmad-chandwad road.
there was also a onion-throwing protest in yeola of nashik district.
farmers on bullock carts blocked the nashik-niphad-chandwad road to extend support to the bandh.
farmers in puntamba also stopped trains carrying agricultural goods from gujarat to pune.
in sangamner, farmers burnt an effigy of chief minister devendrafadnavis and condemned the policies of the government.
minor clashes over closing of shops were reported from kolhapur, where workers of swabhimani shetkari sanghatana were aggressive.
milk tankers from kolhapur, sangli and satara going to mumbai via the mumbai-pune expressway were given z-category security to avoid untoward incidents.
in madhya pradesh, the 10-day farmers stir took a political turn on monday, with the opposition congress announcing support to the agitation.
state congress chief arun yadav said the congress is aggressively supporting the agitation by the farmers and party workers have been instructed to join the crusade of the agitating farmers.
reports of farmers enforcing a shutdown in mandsaur and looting and destroying a truck full of milk packets in jhabua district surfaced on monday.
mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan launched a veiled attack on the opposition party, alleging that certain vested interests were behind the violent protests.
the farmers are not at all involved in violence, its anti-social elements and certain vested interests who are behind the violence, said chouhan.
he also stressed on the need for the government to purchase agricultural produce at more cost whenever the market prices go down.
while maintaining that a bumper onion crop had triggered price crash, chouhan said the government has decided to purchase onions from farmers at rs 8 per kg.
the process has already begun in indore, ujjain and mandsaur districts.
also, it has been decided to purchase moong and toor pulses at rs 5,500 and rs 5,050 per quintal.
while the rss-affiliated bhartiya kisan sangh had called off the stir following a meeting with the cm on sunday, other bodies like bhartiya kisan union and rashtriya kisan mazdoor sangh are yet to call of the 10-day long protest.
why are the two states facing trouble?
farmers from the drought-hit states of maharashtra and madhya pradesh have taken to the streets in the last few days.
supported by opposition parties, protests in certain areas have taken a violent turnmaharashtraareas that witnessed violenceahmednagar, nashik, kohlapur and pune districts are at the core of the latest agitation of farmers inmaharashtra.
on monday, the administration had to shut down internet in some areaswhere did the protests begin?
ahmednagar; the only district where the congress still holds power in all local bodies and a majority of assembly seatswhat do the farmers want?
implementation of ms swaminathan commissions recommendation that farm produce be paid 50 per cent over and above minimum support price as cost of productionno interest on farm loanspensions for farmers aged over 60d50 per litre price for milkabsolute subsidy for drip and sprinkler irrigationuninterrupted power supply to farmswhy is there a problem?
farmers are unable to recover investments from cash crops such as cotton, soybean, grapes, sugarcane, onions and toor1.
37 crore total number of farmers78  of the total number of farmers are small and marginalised31 lakh farmers are loan defaultersl31,000 cr amount of money needed to waive loans of the defaultersmadhya pradeshareas that witnessed violencedhar, jhabua, ratlam, mandsaur, indore, agar malwa, shajapur, ujjain, khargone and khandwawhat do the farmers want?
prices of farmers produce be determined on the basis of cost incurred on productionreturns on the produce be at least one-and-a-half times more than the production costloans of farmers be waived offwhy is there a problem?
mumbai: agitating resident doctors from government hospitals of maharashtra may return to work on saturday morning, as the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) dissociated from them after receiving flak from both, the high court and the state government.
in an affidavit filed before the bombay high court, mard made it clear that the organisation is dissociating from the agitating doctors and wont have any objection if action is taken against the agitating doctors.
the organisation also assured the court that the agitating doctors would return to work by 8 amon saturday.
earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis warned the striking doctors of legal action if they dont resume duty.
if people continue to suffer government will not sit quietly.
we cannot leave the patients to die.
im making a final attempt to break the deadlock on friday by meeting the doctors' representatives.
if no solution is found and doctors dont resume work, they should be prepared to face legal action.
what is the difference between anti-social elements who beat up doctors and the doctors themselves who take oath to treat ill people and then let them suffer.
i am surprised at the adamant stand of the doctors despite assuring that the government fully supports their demand, he said, adding that the doctors have disregarded the directives of the high court.
the demand for armed security guards has also been accepted.
he also said that the government has promised free legal and medical aid to doctors if attacked and they will be treated as government servants.
the high court also lashed out at mard for not complying with their order of calling off the strike and warned the agitating doctors and said that punitive action could be taken against them by the government and bombay municipal corporation (bmc) if they dont return to work by saturday.
advocate general rohit deo said doctors, at a meeting with the chief minister on thursday, gave an assurance that they would join duty but they didnt.
the resident doctors had not gone on strike at the dhule hospital, where a doctor was beaten up.
counsel for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation told the court that in four days there were 53 deaths in the kem hospital, 48 in the sion hospital and 34 in the nair hospital.
extra police and crpf personnel were deployed at hospitals.
the court said, we tried to help them but they dont want our help, and then asked the mard to file an affidavit.
around 4,000 members of mard were on mass casual leave since monday in all public hospitals in the state.
in addition to that, around 40,000 members of the indian medical association working in private hospitals or as general practitioners joined the protest on wednesday evening.
doctors at the all india institute of medical sciences in new delhi and other places too went on token strikes to express solidarity.
however, after the court strictures today ima withdrew their support to the resident doctors agitation.
the mard, on thursday had assured the government and the court that the agitation would be called off.
they also released a letter to that effect late in the night.
however, the junior doctors did not resume their work on friday.
meanwhile, since wednesday, hospital administrations has served show cause or suspension orders to more than 2,000 resident doctors.
by aniranchi: on the fifth edition of international yoga day, prime minister narendra modi hosted a grand event at prabhat tara ground in ranchi on friday and said it is time to take yoga to villages.
now, i have to take the journey of modern yoga from the cities to the villages, to the poor and tribal's house.
i have to make yoga an integral part of the life of poor and tribal.
because it is poor who gets the most pain due to illness, he said while addressing an event here.
pm modi extended good wishes to people, in india and across the globe on international day of yoga.
today, lakhs of people have gathered in different parts of the world to celebrate yoga day.
i thanked media to play an important role in promoting yoga, he said.
watch | pm modi performs yoga at ranchi#watch jharkhand: prime minister narendra modi performs yoga at prabhat tara ground in ranchi on #internationaldayofyoga pic.
twitter.com/vnrual0l5g  ani (@ani) june 21, 2019in today's changing times, our focus must be on wellness as well as protection from illness.
that is the power we get with yoga, that is the feeling of yoga and the ancient indian philosophy, he added.
jharkhand chief minister raghubar das and various other ministers were present in the event.
around 30,000 people participated in the event.
the centre along with state governments has organised various yoga programmes across the country today.
earlier in the day, yoga guru baba ramdev performed yoga along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and his followers in nanded.
thousands of people participated in the event and performed various yoga asanas.
fadnavis was also seen following various yoga postures.
ramdev's organisation patanjali has today organized programs in one lakh villages across india.
the theme of 5th international yoga day 2019 is climate action.
the word yoga is derived from the sanskrit root 'yuj' meaning to join, to yoke or to unite.
yoga is based on an extremely subtle science which focuses on bringing harmony between mind and body.
yoga works on one's body, mind, emotion and energy.
last year, around 50,000 people participated in the international yogaday event organised at dehradun-based forest research institute.
the first international day of yoga was observed all over the world on june 21, 2015, when over 30,000 people including prime minister modi performed yoga at the rajpath in new delhi.
the idea of international day of yoga was first proposed by prime minister modi during his speech at the united nations general assembly (unga) on 27 september 2014.
mumbai: maintaining its belligerent stance on bjp's success in the maharashtra civic elections, shiv sena today sought to make light of that party's performance in the elections, doubting if there was as much substance to it as is made out to be.
the balloon of bjp's success is being inflated.
it is a matter of debate if there is as much air in the balloon as is made out to be, sena said.
it is true that bjp's (poll) percentage has increased.
however, it is also a fact that the party has suffered setbacks, an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana said.
there is always 'hide n seek' in politics and power play.
as a result, the increased percentage is always displayed and the setbacks hidden, the sena said.
it should be accepted that bjp could reach these many numbers (seats) because it has the power in the state and centre, sena, which won two seats more than bjp and has since claimed support of some independents for next month's mayoral poll, said.
the tally of shiv sena, which emerged as the single largest party after the counting on thursday, has risen to 87 corporators with three party rebels who won as independent nominees returning to its fold yesterday.
bjp, which notched up 82 seats in the mumbai civic polls after fighting separately under the leadership of chief minister devendrafadnavis , is yet to make its stance clear on the mayoral poll.
a meeting of the party's core committee was held at fadnavis' official residence last night, but no annoucement was made later.
in the bitterly fought bmc elections, shiv sena had won 84 seats (now 87), bjp secured 82, congress was relegated to the third position with 31 seats, and the ncp and raj thackeray-led mns finished with nine and seven seats respectively.
aimim got two seats, samajwadi party 6, akhil bhartiya sena 1 and independents 5.
by ptidhule: people of maharashtra are in favour of the bjp and its alliance, which will secure a big majority in the forthcoming assembly polls, chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed confidence here on friday.
his remarks come amid questions being raised whether the bjp and its ally, shiv sena, will contest the polls together as both the parties have been staking claim for the chief minister's post.
fadnavis, who arrived here as part of his 'mahajanadesh yatra', also took swipe at the ncp over its similar pre-election mass contact initiative called 'shivswarajya yatra', saying his outreach campaign had filled other parties with enthusiasm.
the people's mandate is strongly in favour of the bjp and our alliance in the country and in maharashtra.
the chief minister alleged that maharashtra lagged behind in terms of growth during the congress-ncp rule, but it found itself among the top three states in the country on the development index during his government.
he also listed several measures the central and the state governments took for the welfare of the people.
fadnavis, who came under attack from the ncp over his yatra in the context of the flood situation in maharashtra, took a dig at the opposition party.
also read: ready to help j&k hold investment summit in mumbai, says devendra fadnavishe said his campaign received a huge response from the people unlike the ncp's.
i am happy that after we launched the yatra, several parties were filled with enthusiasm.
they also started their yatra.
my best wishes to them.
it is the bjp which had started the tradition of yatra, he added.
i began the second phase from dhule on august 22.
we have fanned 43 assembly segments till now, covering 1,165 km distance.
in the second phase, we will cover north maharashtra, marathwada and one vidarbha district.
the yatra will culminate in solapur, he added.
by ptimumbai: a cabinet sub-committee working on a bill to provide reservation to the maratha community in maharashtra was working to ensure it stands legal scrutiny, state tribal development minister vishnu savara said tuesday.
the minister added there was a possibility that the bill could be introduced in the house wednesday itself.
earlier on monday, state revenue minister chandrakant patil had said that the bill for providing reservations to the maratha community would be introduced in the legislature on thursday.
a source, however, claimed that the sub-committee was finding it difficult to arrive at a consensus on the quota percentage and there was a likelihood of this figure being less than 16 per cent.
the then congress-ncp government in 2014 had taken a decision to provide 16 per cent reservation for the maratha community, though it was later stayed by the bombay high court in november that year.
the sub-committee, headed by revenue minister patil, held two marathon meetings on monday and tuesday.
tribal development minister vishnu savara tuesday said, we are working on bringing a legislation to grant quota to the maratha community.
officials from the law and judiciary department and a representative of the state's attorney general attended the meeting to guide the committee on legal issues.
we are working ensure it is accepted by the courts.
we will bring a new draft bill instead of making amendments in the previous bill passed by the congress-ncp government, savara said.
there are possibilities that we can introduce the bill in the assembly on wednesday, said the minister.
meanwhile, a source said, the sub-committee was divided on the reservation percentage.
it discussed whether to recommend 16 per cent or less.
finally, it was decided to give powers to chief minister devendrafadnavis to finalise the quota per cent.
fadnavis tuesday said the government will grant a separate quota for the marathas without it affecting existing quota for other groups.
in another development, the bjp's chief whip, raj purohit, issued a single line whip tuesday asking all its legislators to remain present in the house over the next three days.
the winter session of the maharashtra legislature ends on november 30.
by ptinagpur/mumbai: rss chief mohan bhagwat thursday said a response is expected from the modi government to the attack on crpf personnel in jammu and kashmir's pulwama in which 30 crpf personnel were killed.
speaking to the media in nagpur, bhagwat said, it is a cowardly act, we strongly condemn it.
we expect action in response to this incident.
we have tolerated a lot and are still doing so, as seen from today's incident, he said.
they will get a reply (to the attack), bhagwat said.
ncp chief sharad pawar also condemned the attack and extended condolences to their families.
the cowardly attack on a convoy of the crpf and killing of jawans in awantipora, pulwama district in jammu and kashmir is a condemnable act.
my condolences to the families of the martyrs who have sacrificed their lives for india.
sharad pawar (@pawarspeaks) 14 february 2019the cowardly attack on a convoy of crpf and killing of jawans in awantipora, pulwama district in jammu and kashmir is a condemnable act.
my condolences to the families of the martyrs who have sacrificed their lives for india, pawar tweeted.
the crpf personnel were killed when a jaish-e-mohammed terrorist rammed an explosives-laden vehicle into the bus they were travelling in.
timeline: major terror attacks on security forces in jammu and kashmir since 1999the shiv sena, bjp's ally, alleged that the union government's efforts to prevent such attacks were falling short despite prime minister narendra modi's assurance to the country.
this is too painful and disturbing.
we pay our respects.
but such attacks should not happen.
prime minister narendra modi had said such attacks won't happen again, shiv sena spokesperson manisha kayande said.
the armed forces should be given a free hand to give a befitting reply to pakistan, she said.
the language of teaching a lesson to pakistan was also used (by the bjp-led union government).
but the efforts are falling short.
intelligence failure is obvious, kayande added.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the cowardly attack.
we strongly condemn the ghastly pulwama attack.
india will not spare the people behind it.
.
.
.
!
https://t.
co/ypuj97c5hk pic.
twitter.com/g2x3gzwln9  devendrafadnavis (@dev_fadnavis) 14 february 2019deeply pained.
entire nation stands with the #crpf family.
we salute the supreme sacrifice for the nation and pray for speedy recovery of the injured ones!
he tweeted.
congress leader and former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan said the attack was extremely disturbing and painful.
todays ghastly attack on #crpf convoy at #pulwama is extremely disturbing and painful.
my humble tribute to martyrs who sacrificed their lives and condolences to bereaved families.
i pray for the speedy recovery of our injured jawans.
prithviraj chavan (@prithvrj) 14 february 2019my humble tribute to martyrs who sacrificed their lives and condolences to bereaved families.
i pray for the speedy recovery of our injured jawans, he tweeted.
the maharashtra unit of the congress, while condemning the attack, accused the modi government of being incapable.
strongly condemn the cowardly attack on crpf convoy in pulwama.
heartfelt condolences to the families who made supreme sacrifice for our nation, state congress president ashok chavan tweeted.
strongly condemn cowardly attack on crpf convoy in #pulwama in which our 40 brave jawans martyred.
heartfelt condolences to families of all of them who made supreme sacrifice for our nation.
since 2014 we hv lost thousands of soldiers & incapable modi govt is only to be blamed  ashok chavan (@ashokchavaninc) 14 february 2019since 2014, we have lost thousands of soldiers and the incapable modi government is only to be blamed, he said.
by ptimumbai: tribal farmers called off their protest thursday after the maharashtra government agreed to fulfil their various demands, including the transfer of land rights, marking the end of second mega agitation in mumbai by cultivators in eight months.
a delegation of protesting farmers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to discuss their demands and called off their protest after receiving a positive response from the government, a member of the team said.
thousands of tribal farmers marched from adjoining thane district to azad maidan in south mumbai over two days seeking redressal of their grievances, which include compensation for drought and transfer of land rights to tribals.
fadnavis assured them of transferring land rights within the next three months.
a committee headed by the chief secretary will take a regular review of the progress, he told the delegation.
satisfied with the assurance, pratibha shinde, general secretary of the lok sangharsh morcha, which was spearheading the stir, announced in the evening that the agitation has been call off.
as part of the agitation, tribal farmers from khandesh and vidarbha regions of the state reached azad maidan thursday morning.
they had started their march from thane wednesday evening and halted for the night at the somaiyya ground in mumbai's sion area.
girish mahajan, minister for water resources, tried to hold talks with protesters.
however, they declined to talk to mahajan and asked him to send tribal welfare minister vishnu savra to discuss their demands.
a delegation of 20 representatives led by shinde later met fadnavis and their meeting went on for over two hours.
fadnavis assured the tribal farmers that they will become owners of the land they are cultivating or are in possession of, according a release issued by the chief minister's office (cmo).
their name would figure in the 7/12 extract (a key land ownership document), said the release.
along with the cm, principal secretaries from tribal welfare, revenue and forest departments also took part in the discussion.
fadnavis also spoke to district collectors via video-conference on issues raised by the delegation.
shinde said the government has accepted almost all the demands of the protesting tribal farmers and given assurance in writing to fulfil them.
talking to media persons, she said the chief minister has agreed to clear the land ownership claims made by the tribal farmers.
she said there are 2,31,556 cases where land ownership is not with the tribal farmer cultivating the land or having its possession.
because the land is not owned by the person concerned, he or she is not eligible for a bank loan, loan waiver benefits or drought relief, shinde said.
the chief minister assured the tribal farmers that suitable changes will be made in 7/12 extract to ensure they become eligible for loans, she said.
the state level bankers' committee (slbc) will also be informed about the changes to facilitate bank loans for tribal farmers, she said.
mahajan said the chief minister has agreed to fulfil all the demands put forward by the tribal farmers, including those that need approval from the union government.
mahajan said instead of giving 'khavti karje' (temporary loans) whose recovery is low, fadnavis was of the view that the tribal farmers should be provided with subsidy or financial aid.
savra said 3.
6 lakh claims of land rights were received by the government, of which 1.
74 lakh were settled in favour of the tribals.
magsaysay award winner rajendra singh, also known as waterman of india, was among the marchers.
he blamed the government for the drought, which he termed as man-made.
the farmers were demanding implementation of the swaminathan committee report, which suggested that farmers must have assured access and control over resources such as land and water.
they are also demanding an increase in minimum support price (msp) for crops and a judicial system to ensure its implementation.
the farmers were also demanding proper implementation of the loan waiver announced by the bjp-led government in the state last year.
in march, thousands of farmers, led by the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha, took out a 180-km long march from nashik to mumbai to press for their demands.
that time too the state government had accepted most of their demands.
by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has asserted that the sugarcane cultivation cant be banned suddenly in marathwada.
there had been reports in media last week about a report by the aurangabad divisional commissioner recommending the ban of sugarcane crop in the drought-prone region.
however, he added that the other side of the issue can't be ignored as sugarcane is a dependable and beneficial crop grown by a large number of farmers.
though there will not be any sudden ban on sugarcane, ways to reduce dependency on sugarcane would certainly be explored.
aurangabad divisional commissioner sunil kendrekar, while denying having any report being submitted to the government, has stated that the administration is exploring ways for more judicious use of water.
a ban on sugarcane cultivation was suggested by the experts, he confirmed.
by ptijalna: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday said the bjp's alliance with the shiv sena for the upcoming lok sabha elections is certain and all internal differences will be resolved by the two parties.
he said there are differences of opinion in every home, but they are ultimately resolved.
the cm was talking to reporters after the concluding programme of an animal fair held here in the marathwada region of central maharashtra.
early last year, sena president uddhav thackeray had declared that his party will fight all future elections on its own.
the sena is a constituent of the bjp-led ruling coalitions in maharashtra and also at the centre, but it routinely criticises its alliance partner's leaders and government policies.
minister of state for diary development and shiv sena leader arjun khotkar was also present.
it may be noted thatkhotkar and dante have been attacking each other at public platforms.
khotkar has declared that he will contest the lok sabha election against danve from jalna, the seat currently held by the bjp leader.
danve was not present at the programme.
speaking to media persons, khotkar, who also hails from jalna district, asserted he would not back out from his decision to contest against danve.
the sena leader claimed the people of jalna are with him.
by ptiralegan siddhi: amid concerns over social activist anna hazare's health, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and two union ministers tuesday met the 81-year-old here and requested him to call off his fast.
hazare, who began his indefinite fast on january 30 over the appointment of anti-corruption watchdogs, has lost around 4.
30 kg weight in the last seven days, doctors said.
fadnavis reached hazare's native ralegan siddhi village in ahmednagar district in the afternoon and held talks with him.
union ministers radha mohan singh and subhash bhamre and maharashtra minister girish mahajan were also present.
the chief minister requested hazare to call off the fast.
anna has expressed his disappointment with the central and state governments over appointment of lokpal and lokayukta.
if fadnavis proposes something concrete, then only is there hope for a solution, an aide of the activist said.
also read: mns chief raj thackeray, water activist rajendra singh meet fasting anna hazarehazare began his fast demanding appointment of lokpal at the centre and lokayuktas in states where such statutory anti-corruption watchdogs do not exist, and resolution of farmers' issues.
he has also been demanding implementation of the swaminathan commission recommendations on ways to address agrarian distress, besides electoral reforms.
locals who observed a bandh recently to show support for hazare's agitation, restricted entry of government officials to the village on tuesday.
the anti-graft crusader earlier said if the modi government does not fulfil its promises, he would return his padma bhushan award.
hazare monday claimed that senior bjp leaders who once vehemently backed his lokpal demand had turned 'allergic' to it after coming to power and accused the ruling dispensation of betraying people who voted it to power in 2014.
also read: anna hazare says bjp 'used' him during 2014 electionsduring my ramlila maidan agitation on lokpal and lokayukta, the entire country stood up.
an atmosphere was created.
that is the reason why you (bjp) came to power.
now you are betraying the people who brought you to power, hazare had said.
leaders like arun jaitley and sushma swaraj had once vehemently defended the lokpal demand in parliament.
but after coming to power, they are mum over it.
it looks like they are allergic to lokpal and lokayukta.
the agitation brought them to power but they have forgotten it, hazare had said.
mns chief raj thackeray and water conservationist rajendra singh met hazare on monday and extended their support to his agitation.
thackeray asked him not to sacrifice his life for the useless government.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, whose party is an ally of the bjp at the centre and in maharashtra, has extended his support to hazare, asking him to emulate socialist leader jayaprakash narayan and lead an agitation against corruption.
jalgaon: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that goal of 'housing for all' will be met by end of 2019.
the central government has the policy to provide houses for all till 2022.
he was addressing a rally at faizpur in the district while campaigning of bjp candidates in the local bodies polls, first phase of which is starting november 27.
the pradhan mantri awas yojna envisaging 'houses for all by 2022' was launched by prime minister narendra modi last year.
the scheme is mainly aimed at providing affordable homes to people living in urban areas.
the maharashtra government had last year proposed to bring the improvised, practical and better version of the centre's 'housing for all' by 2022.
mumbai: factionalism between the congress and the shiv sena came to the fore on tuesday with senior shiv sena and bjp ministers indicating that the possibility of a bjp-shiv sena alliance for the mumbaicivic polls now seem distant.
a senior shiv sena leader on tuesday said the possibility of alliance is now only a meek possibility.
though a couple of more rounds of talks would be conducted, the mood of the cadres is against thealliance, the minister said on condition of anonymity.
we appraised our party president uddhav thackeray of the opinion of party cadres during a meeting at his matoshree residence, the minister added.
a senior bjp minister too indicated the possibility of the alliance is fading.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is in delhi for niti aayog meeting.
he is also expected to meet prime minister narendramodi.
the fate of the alliance probably would depend upon the signal from delhi, the minister said.
sources indicated that cm fadnavis and thackeray are likely to meet at the residence of a top industrialist from the city on wednesday to discuss and finalize the terms of alliance.
meanwhile, former union minister and senior congress leader gurudas kamat resorted to a message war by tweeting on tuesday that he wont be participating in any party activities in mumbai related to bmc elections.
kamat had on monday criticised city congress president sanjay nirupams autocratic style of functioning after one of the former mlas, krishna hegde, joined the bjp.
nirupam, however, pointed out thathegde was unhappy with the possibility of candidature of a person who was suggested by former mp priya dutt.
state congress president ashok chavan on tuesday termed it unfortunate, that the party issues were discussed on public forum in such a manner.
furthermore, shiv sena corporator abhishek ghosalkar on tuesday filed a complaint with the state election commission that has put a question mark over the candidature of three of his own partycorporators, including former mayor dr shubha raul.
ghosalkar in his complaint said three corporators from his party participated in an inauguration ceremony of a garden developed by the bmc after the election code of conduct was enforced.
shiv sena sent a show cause notice to ghosalkar after which he was hospitalized.
nashik: a day after violent protests at several places here against the alleged rape attempt by a teenage boy on a five-year-old girl at trimbakeshwar, the situation in the district was under control as no untoward incident was reported today, police said.
some persons have been detained in connection with the protests, they said.
tension had gripped various parts of the district since saturday night after the 16-year-old boy allegedly tried to rape the minor girl at an isolated place in talegaon village near trimbakeshwar earlier that day.
the enraged villagers later staged 'rasta roko' at several prominent roads including mumbai-agra national highway yesterday, set afire a state transport bus there and damaged some other vehicles including those of police, prompting chief minister devendrafadnavis to appeal for calm and giving an assurance that the case would be tried in a fast track court.
heavy police security had been deployed at various places following the large scale protests.
nashik district superintendent of police (rural) ankush shinde said the situation is under control as no untoward incident has been reported so far today.
shinde said platoons of state reserve police force (srpf) and other police forces have been deployed near important places in the district.
he appealed to people not to believe in rumours being circulated on social media and assist police administration to help bring normalcy.
the sp said some people involved in stone-pelting and arson incidents have been detained, and added that vehicular traffic on the busy mumbai-agra national highway was normal.
he said some people were planning to stage 'rasta roko' today, but police managed to convince them against it.
nashik's deputy commissioner of police laxmikant patil said the situation in the city was normal, but they were keeping a close watch on social media for those circulating rumours and false messages.
some schools declared a holiday today for students as a safety measure, and those open witnessed thin attendance, sources said.
by animumbai: nationalist congress party (ncp) leader majeed memon on monday asserted that those leaders who do not believe in the party's ideology, principles and loyalty could leave the party.
memon's statement comes at a time when senior ncp leader and former minister ganesh naik is speculated to join bjp this week.
we are observing that several congress and ncp leaders are going to join either shiv sena or bjp in maharashtra in the run-up to the maharashtra legislative assembly elections.
this is not a new development.
our chief sharad pawar has expressed his views on this matter and he knows that it is a passing phase, memon told ani.
memon also stated that those leaders who do not believe in the party's ideology, principles and loyalty could leave the party.
after the elections, there will be political churning and ultimately it will be a victory of democracy, he said.
according to sources, ganesh naik will join bjp on september 11 in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra bjp chief spokesperson madhav bhandari has also confirmed the induction.
not only ganesh naik but several other leaders are in touch with us.
they will be joining the bjp in the near future.
everyone knows that bjp is the party where every politician can see his future, so they are switching over to the bjp, bhandari said.
maharashtra assembly elections are likely to be held in september-october.
by ptimumbai: the maharashtra cabinet friday gave its approval to promulgate an ordinance to amend the socially and educationally backward classes (sebc) reservation act, 2018 to provide reservation to maratha students in postgraduate medical courses.
the cabinet also gave its approval to reimburse the fees to the candidates from the general category, who will be affected following the promulgation of the ordinance.
a minister said the general category students can seek admission under management quota in private colleges.
the nagpur bench of the bombay high court had disallowed to grant 16 per cent reservation to maratha community for admissions to post-graduate medical courses on the grounds that the admission process had begun much earlier.
the supreme court had upheld the high court's decision.
talking to reporters after the cabinet meeting, revenue minister chandrakant patil said the draft of the ordinance is being sent to the governor for promulgation.
the ordinance will provide relief to those students who had already got admission under maratha quota but were affected after the process was stayed by the court.
now, the third round of the admission would start, he said.
those students from the general category, who will be affected, should try for admissions in private colleges and the government will reimburse their fees, he said.
the students from open/general category should seek management quota and the government will assist them, patil added.
according to him, the state government will approach the supreme court to extend the admission time frame from may 25 to 31.
we will also seek additional 213 seats in the medical courses, he said.
a meeting has been scheduled on may 21 on this issue, the minister said, adding that demand from other states is also being addressed to.
we will move the court to seek reservation be appliedfor the additional seats, he said.
the minister also said the state government will file caveats in the bombay high court and its aurangabad and nagpur benches and the apex court to ensure the ordinance is not challenged.
meanwhile, a statement from the chief minister's office (cmo) said the cabinet also reviewed the drought situation, el-nino effect, weather-related predictions, water storage in various dams, fodder availability and seeds stock.
currently, 5,493 tankers are in operation in 4,331 villages.
rs 162 crore have been given for fodder camps.
chief minister devendrafadnavis directed to speed up issuance of ration cards in rural areas, especially in drought-prone areas.
he also directed the local administration to ensure more works under the employment guarantee scheme (egs).
mumbai: the opposition congress and ncp stepped up their offensive against the state government on the premises of the maharashtra legislature as well as in the legislative council on wednesday, forcing adjournment of the upper house.
the shiv sena raised its voice in the lower house, forcing chief minister devendrafadnavis to announce that the government is studying the up formula for loan waiver.
even as the house assembled after a break of four days, the opposition continued their boycott of the proceedings of the lower house in protest of the suspension of its members.
opposition members gathered at the entrance of the assembly building and staged a 'dharna'.
the government will have to announce crop loan waiver.
we won't stop our protests till then, former chief minister prithviraj chavan said.
inside the house, shiv sena demanded the chief minister's statement on the floor of the house.
besides this, directions have been issued to examine the chennai high court order to tamil nadu government to grant loan waiver to farmers, he added.
he also assured members that though the state government has appealed to the central government for help in waiving crop loans, it is also exploring options for loan waiver without the centre's assistance.
in the upper house, while launching a scathing attack on the government, leader of opposition dhananjay munde wondered what has happened to the bjp's ideology as its government in uttar pradesh waives loans availed by farmers, but the bjp government in maharashtra is dragging its feet on the issue.
as the opposition members entered the well of the house and began raising slogans deputy chairman manikrao thakare adjourned the proceedings for the day.
earlier in the day, ncp's state unit president sunil tatkare moving an adjournment motion, pointed out that the up government is facing financial crunch yet it announced the loan waiver.
he said, up will float bonds to raise the money.
why can't maharashtra follow the same path.
shiv sena member dr neelam gorhe said that her party wants the government to announce the loan waiver in the ongoing budget session of the state legislature.
however, opposition members continued to raise slogans even after the statement by the revenue minister and leader of the house chandrakant patil and the house had to be adjourned for the day.
by ptimumbai, oct 30 (pti) maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ruled out the possibility of shifting the proposed chhatrapati shivaji memorial from its present location in the arabian sea off mumbai coast.
on october 24, one person had died when a boat carrying 25 people capsized in the arabian sea off the mumbai coast when it was heading to the site of the proposed chhatrapati shivaji memorial, where work was to begin that day.
the tragedy has revived the demand to shift the ambitious project on land in the city.
read| maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis reaches out to sugarcane farmersthere is no reason for changing the location (of shivaji memorial).
the memorial will take shape at the same place.
the project has got all the requisite permissions, granted after all its aspects, including its location, were considered, he added.
fadnavis, whose government will complete four years in office on wednesday, noted that the warrior king shivaji had built several forts in the sea years ago and that too at difficult locations.
and we have got such a convenient location and still we debate on it?
how come we are so timid about (building) the memorial of the king, who built so many forts in the sea?
he asked.
raising safety concerns in the event of the incident, some pro-maratha groups, as well as kankavli mla nitesh rane, had demanded that the memorial be built on some other location like the premises of the raj bhavan here or at sindhudurga fort in konkan.
mumbai: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today warned ally bjp that his party would take a big step if the loan waiver for farmers announced by the maharashtra government is not implemented by next month.
terming the announcement of a complete loan waiver as a victory of farmers' unity, he said, our demand is very clear.
we want their loans to be written off completely, he said.
speaking to reporters here, after meeting farmers from across the state, including puntamba village, uddhav said, i would like to thank the farmers.
we have heard of a green revolution but the farmers of maharashtra have shown that those who can bring about a green revolution can also cause a revolution.
i don't believe in the word 'karz mafi' it should be called as 'karz mukti'.
'mafi' is given to those who have committed a crime.
uddhav said, i congratulate the maharashtra government.
this is a moment to be celebrated, but most importantly, fast implementation of the announcement is necessary.
loan waiver has been announced now.
we will be patient enough to wait now and give the government time until july to implement its announcement.
if they do not do so, a big step will be taken next month, he said.
meanwhile, a farmer who was present at the event said they met the sena president to thank him for his support to their stir.
his support forced the government to give us a loan waiver.
we give full credit to uddhav ji and the shiv sena, he said.
earlier in the day, the shiv sena had said the loan waiver decision was due to its constant throttling of the maharashtra government and the party has opted to remain in power to shake the chair of lazy persons.
by ptimumbai: an internal survey carried out by the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has predicted a repeat of its 2014 performance in the coming lok sabha polls if forges a pre-poll alliance with the shiv sena.
a senior bjp minister, requesting anonymity, said the two parties are expected to win 42 out of the 48 lok sabha seats in maharashtra if they fight together.
this could be easier said than done as sena chief uddhav thackeray has said repeatedly that he will not have an alliance with the bjp.
if the sena refuses to have a poll pact, the bjp will still be the single-largest party, but will win fewer seats than in 2014.
the survey, however, says the sena will not win more than 4-5 seats, the minister claimed.
the bjp-sena combine had bagged 40 of the 48 lok sabha seats in maharashtra in 2014.
the bjp won 22 while 18 seats fell into the sena's kitty.
the congress won only two seats, while the ncp did a tad better by winning five.
quoting the survey, the minister said if the bjp-sena alliance does not materialise, the bjp on its own can win 18 to 20 seats, while the congress-ncp combine can win 22 to 24 seats.
bjp chief amit shah, during his recent visit to the city, had told chief minister devendrafadnavis that he wanted alliance with the sena, the minister said.
asked for a comment, sena spokesperson manisha kayande said her party had nothing to do with bjp's internal survey, and the sena's future course of action has already been chalked out by party president uddhav thackeray.
the survey may predict five seats for us, on the counting day everybody will see how many seats we actually get.
it is the prerogative of our party president to decide if the alliance will happen, she said.
the report will be submitted to the chief secretary of the state d k jain in a sealed cover on thursday, the sources said adding that, as per indications the report is likely to give favourable recommendations to granting reservation quota in government jobs and educational institutions to the maratha community, without infringing on the reservation quota granted to the other backward classes (obc).
with this the government is likely to be able to keep its promise on quota for the community, sources within the government said.
the government had also granted 16 per cent reservation in 72,000 government jobs which was later stayed following protests.
meanwhile, speaking to newspersons on conditions of anonymity a senior bjp minister clarified that the government will not be submitting the commission's report before the bombay high court as is the general perception.
the government would prepare its own report based on the maharashtra state backward caste commission, as per the court directives, the minister said.
the court was concerned over the time period required for the process to be completed and we had accordingly urged the commission to submit their report by november 15, which they are likely to do, the minister said.
submission of the report by the commission will be the defining moment for the government, the minister added.
submission of the report comes just days before the two-week winter session of the state legislature that begins on november 19.
this will help the government to move a legislation granting quota to the marathas before the month end.
to prepare the report, the commission went through 2 lakh memorandums submitted to it, surveys of about 45,000 families and the empirical data on the social, financial and educational backwardness of the maratha community.
the commission went through old historical records, old verdicts, studied constitutional provision, writings by noted anthropologist, sociologist irawati karve and several organizations like gokhale institute of politics and economics and others, sources have said.
the demand for maratha quota dates back to the 1980s.
the upa government in the state had on june 25, 2014 announced 16 per cent quota in government jobs and in educational institutions for marathas and five per cent quotas for muslims.
however, on november 14, 2014, the bombay high court stayed the government decision.
on november 18, 2014, the supreme court of india had declined to vacate the stay imposed by the bombay high court.
the ordinance eventually lapsed and the fadnavis government decided to complete all the requisite processes like formation of backward caste commission and getting recommendations from them.
meanwhile, a statewide maratha community agitation was triggered after rape and murder of a girl from the community at kopardi in ahmednagar on july 13, 2016.
thereafter the community under the banner of sakal maratha kranti morcha, maratha kranti thok morcha held around 58 peaceful mammoth rallies across the state while stirring the atmosphere in favour of the community.
the maratha kranti thok morcha agitation earlier this year had gone violent at several places.
the agitation was withdrawn after setting november 15 as the deadline for launching guerrilla-style attacks to press for the demands.
new delhi: around 20,000 resident doctors of government hospitals here, except aiims, went on casual leave en masse today in support of their counterparts in maharashtra who are on strike.
healthcare services were hampered in the national capital because of the mass leave, but the resident doctors on emergency duty turned up for work.
residents doctors from around 40 government hospitals, including rml, lady hardinge medical college, safdarjung hospital stayed away from work, while those at aiims continued with their protest against assaults on doctors by wearing helmets at work for the second day.
the action (mass causal leave) was taken in view assaults on doctors and also to show solidarity to our colleagues in maharashtra who have been threatened with salary cuts for not joining duty, dr pankaj solanki, president of the federation of resident doctors' association (forda) said.
forda is an umbrella body of all residents doctors in delhi.
the indian medical association (ima), which has around 2.
7 lakh members across the country, has extended support to the strike while the doctors associated with delhi medical association (dma) have called for an out patient department (opd) bandh tomorrow.
dr rakesh kumar gupta, president of dma, however, said indoor patients and emergency services at hospitals will not be affected.
the incidents of assault on doctors is rising everyday.
it is occurring both in government as well as private hospitals.
patients and their relatives are taking law into their hands which is not acceptable, state secretary of dma dr ashwani goyal said.
unfazed by the maharashtra government's warning of suspension and cutting their pay, around 4,000 resident doctors abstained from work for the fourth day today demanding enhanced security, in the wake of a string of attacks on doctors by patients' kin at government hospitals in the state.
the bombay high court stepped in to end the stir and directed the resident doctors to resume work immediately even as chief minister devendrafadnavis mooted a panel to resolve security issues in state-run hospitals.
the hc observed that medical attention cannot wait, adding the profession of doctors is so sacred that they cannot afford to go on strike.
union health minister j p nadda also joined fadnavis in appealing to the resident doctors to get back to work and asked states to take measures to improve security of doctors.
mumbai: senior ias officer sumit mullick was today appointed as the chief secretary of maharashtra.
he will succeed swadheen kshatriya, who was due for retirement on january 31, but was given a month's extension.
chief minister devendrafadnavis signed the file on mullick early this morning, an official from the cmo said.
mullick, a 1982 batch ias officer is additional chief secretary (acs) and currently serving as the chief protocol officer in the general administration department.
he had earlier served as the divisional commissioner of amravati and worked as secretary of school education.
he was also secretary to the governor.
mullick is the senior most bureaucrat in the state after kshatriya and will retire in april 2018.
when contacted, mullick told pti that he will take charge this evening.
by ptimumbai: bjp president amit shah will kick-start maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' 'maha janadesh yatra' next month while prime minister narendra modi will attend its concluding event, a party functionary said on tuesday.
the chief minister's mass outreach programme comes ahead of the state assembly polls due later this year.
union home minister amit shah will kick-start the rally on august 1 from mozari in amravati.
prime minister narendra modi will address the concluding event in nashik, the date of which is yet to be finalised, the functionary said.
fadnavis will be covering at least 152 out of the total 288 assembly constituencies in the state during the nearly one-month long mass outreach programme, he said.
the chief minister will address 104 rallies and 200 small meetings during the yatra, he said.
the bjp is planning to hold the final rally in nashik but the date has not yet been finalised, he said.
it is likely to be in august-end.
once we get a confirmation from the prime minister's office, we will be able to plan things accordingly, he said.
the first phase of the yatra will be from august 1 to 9 and cover areas in vidarbha and north maharashtra.
the second phase will be from august 17 to 31, covering areas between aurangabad and nashik.
the yatra will cover a distance of 4,232 km spread across 30 out of the 36 districts in the state, a party office-bearer earlier said.
he asked the bjp workers to ensure its success through micro planning, saying more than partymen, it was important that common people attend rallies to hear him.
incidentally, shiv sena's youth wing chief aaditya thackeray has also undertaken a 'jan aashirwad yatra' since july 18 across four districts of north maharashtra to thank people for his party's success in the lok sabha polls held earlier this year.
the sena, led by uddhav thackeray, is an ally of the bjp in maharashtra and at the centre.
by uninew delhi: the bjp is holding a two-day national convention of its top leaders, office bearers, elected legislators and district level chiefs here.
on the inaugural day on friday, the party adopted two resolutions - one on agriculture and farm issue and the other on social sectors - underlining the party's concerns and attempt to focus on the growing concern over farmers' distress, loss of income in rural areas, disgruntled upper castes and jobs especially in the context of ensuing general elections.
prime minister narendra modi on saturday will address the concluding session of the two-meet - also being billed as the last such massive interactions of party leaders before the polls.
the decision to reserve 10 per cent seats for general category applicants for government jobs and education in government institutions, was described as a revolutionary and historic.
also read: reservation for economically weak sections: economic criterion cant be basis, says petition in scthis benefit will be available to the poor of all communities and religions and to groups who were not getting reservation up till now like brahmins, baniyas, kapus, marathas, patels, jats and rajputs, said the resolution on social sector moved by external affairs minister sushma swaraj - highlighting party's focus to reach out to a large section of the electorate.
the government has taken a revolutionary and historic decision for the poor and middles classes of the country.
.
.
the benefit will be made available to the poor of every religion and to groups who were not getting reservation up till now, the resolution titled 'garib kalyan' said.
in the resolution passed on the welfare of farmers moved by union minister and senior party leader rajnath singh and seconded by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , the party lauded the modi-led government's policy-based, holistic approach to agricultural growth and farmers' welfare.
highlighting the various initiatives taken by the modi government, home minister mr singh said a provision of 14 lakh crore rupees has been made in the budget for strengthening rural economy.
also read: amit shah frames 2019 as 3rd battle of panipat, calls it a must-win fighthe said, during 2018-19, the government has enhanced the agriculture credit to 11 lakh crore rupees.
he said, the prime minister has set a target to double the farmer's income by 2022.
the second resolution dwelt on social sector the welfare of the poor.
moving the resolution, ms swaraj said the nda government's schemes, such as jan dhan yojana and ujjwala yojana, are aimed at uplifting the poor and empowering women.
ms swaraj said the prime minister narendra modi demonstrated his will power to provide bank accounts to a large number of population through jan dhan yojana.
earlier, in his presidential address, bjp chief amit shah said, the bill providing 10 per cent reservation in jobs and education to economically weaker sections in general category will benefit crores of youth.
seeking another term for bjp-led government at the centre, the bjp chief termed the present dispensation led by prime minister as transparent, corruption-free, decisive and sensitive.
also read: where are the jobs?
asks shiv sena after general category quotahe assured the nation that economic offenders, such as nirav modi, mehul choksi and vijay mallya will be brought back to the country to face the law.
in his spirited presidential address, mr shah waxed eloquent on key political issues and slammed the congress and trinamool congress even as he made a strong pitch for ram temple via 'constitutional route'.
we have said that through constitutional route only ram mandir will be constructed.
but congress is not leaving a single chance to create hurdle, mr shah said amid chanting of 'bharat mata ki jai' among the leaders and workers.
the underlining of a roadmap for ram temple, the bjp strategists feel, will help the right wing party consolidate its core vote of upper castes in the hindi-speaking states - where it suffered erosion of support base lately.
near the venue scores of party workers including women were seen carrying hoardings and posters and raising slogans.
our victory is certain in 2019, mr shah said in presence of prime minister modi and others.
the two resolutions adopted by the party at the convention do reflect the party's political concerns after the loss in the three hindi heartland states of madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
the bjp lauds its government for 'successfully' working out issues of farmers' income.
'new india' that we are trying to create, we will not just be able to reach the goal of doubling of farmers income but would also be looking forward from there.
.
.
the resolution on farm issue said.
by ptimumbai: opposition members in the maharashtra assembly on monday asked speaker haribhau bagade to nominate congress mla vijay waddetiwar as the leader of opposition (lop) in the lower house.
as the monsoon session began on monday, congress legislature party (clp) leader balasaheb thorat said he had written to the speaker about their demand.
thorat said since waddetiwar was the congress group leader, he should be nominated as the lop as he enjoyed the support of all opposition parties.
to this, the speaker said he had received the letter and that he would take a decision in due course of time.
thorat objected to bagade's comment and said the lop's post was the right of the opposition.
ncp leader ajit pawar noted that bagade on sunday said he will consult a few people and take a decision.
few people means chief minister.
i expect chief minister devendrafadnavis to take a decision since there are only 17 working days in this monsoon session, he said.
pawar, in a lighter vein, then said the chief minister had taken away two leaders of opposition (former congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil and shiv sena leader eknath shinde before his party joined the government) and made them ministers.
we hope he will leave waddetiwar for us, he said.
read here | fadnavis cabinet gets 13 new faces including former congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patilto this, bjp leader sudhirmungantiwar said, we cannot help if people are interested in joining us.
waddetiwar also responded saying frequently changing loyalties is not good.
i will be on that (ruling) side only if we return to power.
waddetiwar was formerly with the shiv sena and joined the congress a few years ago.
vikhe patil, who was earlier the leader of opposition in the state assembly, quit as an mla recently and he was on sunday inducted into the fadnavis cabinet and given the plum housing portfolio.
during the shiv sena-bjp coalition government in 1995, vikhe patil was in the uddhav thackeray-led party and later joined the congress in 1999.
he can remain minister for six months without becoming being a member of either of the house (assembly and council), the chief minister said.
when shiv sena member gulabrao patil pointed out that narayan rane earlier quit as the lop and the sena membership to become a minister in the then congress-ncp coalition government, pawar said rane had contested the by-election immediately and won.
read here | radhakrishna vikhe patil's arch-rival thorat named clp leader in maharashtra assemblyearlier as the house assembled for the day, vikhe patil went to the opposition benches and greeted his former colleagues.
sena leader jaydutt kshirsagar, who quit the ncp recently and became a state minister on sunday, also greeted his former colleagues.
whenfadnavis introduced his new ministers sworn in during the cabinet expansion on sunday, members of the treasury benches raised the slogan- jai shriram.
to this, ajit pawar quipped aayaram gayaram (referring to frequent floor-crossing by legislators).
before the session began, some opposition mlas staged a protest outside the legislature and alleged that the fadnavis government was not keeping its promise of development, but was busy inducting into the cabinet those who switched loyalties from the opposition to the ruling party.
reacting to the remarks, vikhe patil said, everyone has the right to express himself/herself.
i cannot do anything about their disappointment.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday slammed opposition parties for blaming electronic voting machines (evms) for poll reverses, claiming voters have only prime minister narendra modi in mind.
the evm is just a machine.
the people who go to vote approach the evm with only modi ji in their minds.
so they vote for the bjp and shiv sena.
the problem is not in the machine, but in your khopdi, he said, taunting them to get used to being in the opposition.
people will not vote you (opposition) to power in the next 25 years.
you had so much arrogance but people taught you a lesson by voting you out, he said.
fadnavis on friday embarked on the third phase of his mahajanadesh yatra from ahmednagar district.
he held a road show in akole, the assembly seat of vaibhav pichad, who recently quit the ncp and joined the bjp.
sangamner is the assembly constituency of maharashtra congress chief balasaheb thorat.
i am asked why take out a yatra when it is known which way the election is heading.
the opposition is finished.
i tell them when bjp is in opposition, we take out sanghursh yatra and while in power we take out sanvad yatra, he claimed.
this yatra is to have a dialogue with the common man about the work we have done in the last five years, and understand what is left to be done, he said.
sangli : the last rites of border security force (bsf) constable nitin subhash koli, who lost his life in ceasefire violation by pakistan in the machil sector along the line of control (loc) in jammu and kashmir, were performed in maharashtras sangli district this morning.
his whole family was seen in pain and tears as they bid their final goodbye to the braveheart.
sangli(maharashtra): last rites ceremony of bsf jawan koli nitin subhash (who lost his life in machil ceasefire violation) pic.
twitter.com/n0tsaqxmlx  ani (@ani_news) october 31, 2016koli of the 156 battalion received serious injuries at boriwalla post in machil sector during heavy shelling by pakistan late friday night.
he succumbed to his injuries in a nearby military hospital a few hours later.
saluting brave martyr nitin koli(sangli) who lost his life protecting our nation at indo-pak border.
we stand with his family in tough times.
salutes to constable koli nitin subhash who martyred retaliating #pak fire in #kashmir.
koli is survived by his parents subhash and suman, younger brother, wife samapada and two sons devraj (4) and yuvraj (2).
pune: amid the ongoing agitation by farmers in maharashtra, a cultivator allegedly committed suicide at a village in solapur district, leaving behind a note purportedly stating that he should not be cremated till the chief minister visits his place and meets their demands.
dhanaji jadhav, 45, hung himself from a tree near his house at veet village in karmala tehsil last night, solapur collector rajendra bhosale said today.
according to karmala police, jadhav's suicide note, addressed to his friends and relatives, said, i am a farmer, dhanaji chandrakant jadhav.
i am committing suicide today.
please take my body to village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
bhosale also confirmed that the farmer's suicide note stated his body should not be cremated until the chief minister visits his place and announces a loan waiver for farmers.
solapur's guardian minister vijay deshmukh paid a visit to the village today.
the deceased, survived by wife and two children, was the eldest son in his family.
he possessed 2.
5 acres of cultivable land.
he had a debt of around rs 60,000 and had also taken loans from some private lenders, police said.
after the incident, the farmers' organisations resorted to a 'rasta-roko' (road blockade) and called for a bandh in karmala tehsil.
the solapur collector said he was on his way to the village.
police teams have also been rushed to the spot to prevent the situation from spiralling into a law and order issue, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has been under attack by opposition parties and bjp's ally shiv sena over sustained protests by farmers across maharashtra for last one week, resulting in sharp rise in agri commodity prices.
fadnavis' recent statement promising a loan waiver by october 31 has failed to pacify the agitating farmers, who have continued with their stir.
by ptimumbai: noisy scenes were witnessed in the maharashtra legislative assembly thursday with opposition insisting that the government table the state backward class commission's report on maratha quota and the tata institute of social sciences' (tiss) report on dhangar reservation.
the house had to be adjourned thrice; first till the end of question hour and then twice for ten minutes before it was adjourned for the day.
the speaker rushed through the day's business and passed a bill providing for life imprisonment for food adulteration and the maharashtra acupuncture treatment procedure bill.
throughout the proceedings, opposition mlas demanded tabling of the two reports and continuation of the muslim reservation, granted earlier by the congress-ncp regime.
ncp leader chhagan bhujbal asked the government to take steps to increase the ceiling on reservations to above 50 per cent.
he said when gowari and koshti-halba were given two per cent quota, the court struck it down as it breached the 50 per cent ceiling, and then the two communities were included in obc category.
thus, the quota for others among obcs came down from 19 per cent to 17 per cent, he pointed out.
even the state backward class commission (sbcc) has noted that including marathas in the existing quota will have a catastrophic effect, he said.
the chief minister pointed out that tamil nadu and karnataka have raised the quota beyond 50 per cent, and their petitions justifying it by citing extraordinary circumstances is before the constitution bench of the supreme court.
the 50 per cent cap has been imposed by the apex court and not the constitution, he said.
the court accepted the stand and modified its order, he said.
the chief minister also said the government is committed to provide reservations to the dhangars.
i stand by our earlier promise of providing reservations to dhangars.
after taking over thereins of the state, i found the previous government had rejected dhangars' quota demand.
we set up a committee by tatainstitute of social sciences.
its report was received and cabinet sub-committee is scrutinising its recommendations.
the recommendations will be placed before the cabinet and then forwardedto the centre, the chief minister said.
the process will be completed in a time-bound manner.
dhangars get 3.
5 per cent reservations under vjnt category.
but they want quota as a scheduled tribe, he said.
as speaker haribhau bagde called for question hour, leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil demanded that other business should be set aside and the house should discuss maratha,dhangar and muslim reservations issue and the long march to mumbai undertaken by tribal farmers thursday.
he also demanded an aid of rs 50,000 per hectare for farmers who grew kharif crops and rs 1 lakh per hectare for horticulture farmers in drought-affected areas of the state.
tribal farmers are demanding implementation of forest rights act and swaminathan committee's report, and the government has not fulfilled the assurances given in march this year when they undertook a similar long march from nashik to mumbai, he said.
he also demanded that the maratha quota report by sbcc and tiss' report on dhangar quota be tabled.
the demand was supported by ncp leader ajit pawar who said opposition won't allow the house to function otherwise.
ashish shelar of bjp accused pawar of doing a u-turn, saying pawar had earlier this week said there was no need to table the report without checking if it can be challenged in the court.
atulbhatkalkar, another bjp mla, said opposition was disrupting question hour when the first question that was to be discussed was about farmer suicides.
vikhe patil said rather than holding a debate, the government should announce compensation for farmers in drought-affected areas.
fadnavissaid he had called representatives of the adivasi long march for talks.
it is wrong to say nothing has been done in the last six months.
in one district, forest rights claims of 32,000 villages have been settled, he said.
ajit pawar said there is unrest among marathas over the delay in granting quota.
there is unrest among the obcs as well as they feel maratha quota would eat into their reservation, he said.
differing stands by senior ministers on the issue are not helping, he said.
by express news servicemumbai: speculations were on rife about the possible alliance between the shiv sena and the bjp on saturday after shiv sena president uddhav thackeray said that he should support any government that implements the river-linking project.
thackeray was speaking at a program to inaugurate development works initiated by his party mla anil kadam.
eyebrows were raised when thackeray reached the venue along with revenue minister and bjp leader chandrakant patil.
another bjp leader and guardian minister of nashik girish mahajan too was present at the program.
though thackeray raised the issue of ram mandir and took credit for bringing the forgotten issue to fore, he didn't criticize the bjp governments unlike his speeches earlier this week.
while speaking about the drought in the state thackeray underlined the importance of the river-linking project and said that he is ready to ignore all political issues for the project.
shiv sena shall support any government that implements the river-linking project, he said.
on the other hand maharashtra?
chief minister devendrafadnavis launched party's poll campaign in the state at a massive public rally at nigdi near pune.
nigdi falls under assembly constituency represented by shiv sena mla.
by choosing shiv sena's constituency for cm's first rally, the state bjp is believed to have given a signal to the shiv sena to fall in line.
while addressing the youth at the rally, fadnavis enumerated various schemes implemented by his government for promoting entrepreneurship and boosting employment apart from a mention of union government schemes like the mudra loan.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the maharashtra government has sought rs 7,962 from the centre for mobilising drought relief measures in the state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for central funds during a meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to prime minister narendra modi.
a team of central government officials completed their review of the ongoing drought in the state, on friday.
fadnavis urged central assistance citing the ongoing situation.
the central team held a meeting with state revenue, agriculture and relief and rehabilitation minister chandrakant patil, minister of state for agriculture sadashiv khot and other senior officials, to get a sense of the exact demands of the state government.
after an initial assessment by ministers in the state cabinet, drought was announced in 151 blocks and 263 circles.
there is a demand to announce some more places as drought-hit and a decision on the same will be taken within the next couple of days, patil said after the meeting.
officers in the central panel felt that supply of fodder and water are issues that have to be addressed on priority in the coming days.
they have suggested that these issues be the focus of our drought relief measures.
they have also suggested sanctioning more work under mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme, patil said.
currently, the state has around 98 lakh metric tonnes of fodder available in the state.
another 25 lakh metric tonnes is expected to be made available very soon.
however, the state would still need more fodder, the minister said.
he also said that a proposal, worth rs 85 crore has been sent to the centre, for granting an additional 50 days of work under mnregs.
however, ncp leader and rajya sabha mp sharad pawar said on friday that neither the state, nor the centre is serious about dealing with the ongoing situation.
he said that the fact that the central team had to conduct their survey at night, in some places, is proof of the lack of seriousness on their part in dealing with the situation.
aurangabad: the notices to acquire land for the proposed samruddhi corridor in maharashtra came as messages of death for at least four farmers in aurangabad district who could not bear the shock of parting with fertile irrigated land.
shivnathappa thenge (68), vishwanath hekde (62) and lakshman sundarne (65) from maliwada village of gangapur taluka in aurangabad district have died of heart attack in past few months.
their family members say that they died after the notices for measurement of land were served to them and the actual land measurement was carried out in the village.
kalubhai tried tocommit suicide whenofficers came tomeasure his land.
my father was healthy and there was absolutely no reason for him to die of heart attack.
the day when notice was served to us for land measurement, he went to the field just to get an idea of how much land we are likely to lose.
when he realised that we would lose 11 acres of land, he had a massive heart attack and died, his son balasaheb hekde told the new indian express.
another farmer jadusinh jalamsinh meher (63) from kachchighati village in aurangabad taluka too died on april 9 of heart attack.
this happened after he was served with a notice for land measurement on april 8.
his two acre of land was going for the corridor.
he couldnt bear the shock.
abdul majid shekh sultan, alias kalubhai, from palshi village in aurangabad taluka tried to commit suicide by drinking insecticide when the land measurement officers approached him for measuring his land.
i have no place to go apart from my land which the government wants to acquire.
how can i tolerate it?
they had come with police force and tried to bully me.
i was so enraged that i picked up a bottle of insecticide lying nearby and tried to drink it.
they prevented me for doing that and went away without measuring my land, kalubhai said.
he has a brick kiln and also rears cows to support his family of nine.
shahaji pawar from sonambe village in sinnar taluka of nashik district shows a big pouch containing medicines for diabetes and hypertension.
he is leading the agitation of farmers from neighboring villages under the banner of samruddhi mahamarga sangharsh samiti.
there are several more like me, he said.
shivade village in sinner taluka of nashik district is famous for its vineyards and almost 100 per cent export-oriented farm yields.
somnath wagh, a chartered accountent by education and farmer by profession, says that even the modest earning of farmers from the village go up to rs 30-40 lakh a year.
our village is surrounded by hills which ensure that our wells never go dry.
but, with the current alignment of the samruddhi corridor we will lose 55 such water-rich wells that irrigate around 150 acre of land apart from the land going under the highway, said rausaheb harak, a leading farmer from shivade.
when we first heard that our land would go under the highway, we were so disturbed that we decided to commit mass suicide and to mark that, we tied noose to trees in our fields, said anil harak, who is a former panchayat samiti member.
thanks to the efforts of samruddhi mahamarga sangharsh samiti, the farmers have now resolved to fight out the land acquisition efforts.
we wont commit suicide now but well hang those who dare come here to acquire our land, harak said.
the corridor is a proposed eight-lane 120 metre wide 710- km long expressway that passes through 354 villages of 30 talukas in 10 districts of maharashtra.
the project is expected to change the face of the states economy by providing rapid access for farm produce to ports, airports and agro-processing hubs.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently declared that construction of the road will begin in october this year and would be completed within the next three years.
mumbai: a day after the shiv sena decided to go solo in the maharashtra civic polls, senior sena leader and state minister ramdas kadam today said he and his colleagues in the bjp-led government are carrying resignation letters in their pockets and waiting for party chief uddhav thackeray's directions.
we carry resignation letters in our pockets.
we will resign whenever uddhavji asks us to do so, kadam told reporters here after the sena ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to hand over a demand seeking cancellation of a government directive related to removal of religious photos from government offices.
he said the sena mps have also decided to boycott the all-party mps' meeting called by fadnavis ahead of the parliament's budget session.
after days of uncertainty over forging ties with the bjp for the upcoming civic polls in mumbai and across maharashtra, thackeray yesterday announced that his party would go alone but remained non-committal on whether it would continue as a junior partner in the nda government.
meanwhile, bjp leader kirit somaiya today said the party will release a black paper on the bmc scams.
reacting to it, sena mp sanjay raut said, anyone from the street will get up and ask questions?
people should learn to stay in their limits.
we do not want to make maharashtra unstable.
that is why we will need to keep the alliance in the state for some time, he added.
danve, meanwhile, said sena's decision to go solo in february's civic polls will have no impact on the state government.
by ptiralegan siddhi: social activist anna hazare began a hunger strike on wednesday over non-fulfilment of assurances by the centre and the maharashtra government on the appointment of lokpal and passage of the lokayukta act in the state.
hazare offered prayers at the padmavati temple in his village ralegan siddhi in ahmednagar district of maharashtra in the morning.
he then went in a procession, accompanied by students, youths and farmers, to the yadavbaba temple and sat near it to begin his hunger strike.
the anti-corruption crusader told pti that he welcomed the maharashtra cabinet's decision to bring the office of state chief minister under the jurisdiction of lokayukta.
however, the strike will continue till the government fulfils promises they made before coming to power about passage of lokayukta act, appointment of lokpal and to tackle farmers' issues, he said.
as a routine procedure, doctors conducted a basic health check-up of hazare, a close aide of the activist said.
hazare has now begun his fast as he is disappointed with the state government for not appointing the lokayukta, the aide said hazare had written a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday, saying he would launch the agitation in his village from wednesday.
maharashtra minister girish mahajan, who has been acting as an emissary between the government and hazare, on tuesday urged the activist to cancel the agitation, claiming that almost all the demands made by him were fulfilled.
his first demand was implementing swaminathan commission recommendations, that farmers should get 1.
5 times msp.
i think that demand has been fulfilled, mahajan had told reporters in mumbai.
hazare, however, said he would not call off the agitation till the lokayukta act becomes a reality.
apart from the appointment of lokpal at the national level and lokayukta in states, hazare has been demanding implementation of the swaminathan commission recommendations and some electoral reforms.
it has been five years since the lokpal act was passed.
yet the narendra modi government has not appointed lokpal.
lokayukta act has not been passed in maharashtra for four years, hazare observed in his letter dated january 28.
the activist said the chief minister had mediated when he had launched the agitation at ramlila maidan in delhi in march last year.
hazare said he had withdrawn that agitation after the central government had assured in writing that it would fulfil the demands.
nine months have passed, yet the demands have not been fulfilled.
hence, i will be on hunger strike in my village ralegan siddhi on january 30, he had said in the letter.
the fadnavis cabinet had on tuesday decided to bring the office of chief minister under the jurisdiction of lokayukta.
hazare had welcomed the government's decision to set rolling the process to appoint lokayukta.
i thank them on behalf of the people for taking the decision towards appointment of lokayukta through a constitutional process.
but, that does not mean i will not stage hunger strike.
the agitation will go on until the act is in place, he had said.
by ptimumbai: ncp president sharad pawar has demanded a complete farm loan waiver in drought-affected maharashtra and also sought an appointment with chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue, his party said monday.
pawar's meeting with fadnavis may take place in two days, ncp chief spokesperson malik said in a statement here.
swathes of maharashtra are reeling under drought.
pawar saheb has been touring affected parts of the state.
he has demanded a complete loan waiver for farmers, he said.
malik accused the bjp-led government of not paying adequate attention towards fodder camps and water arrangements for the livestock in the drought-hit areas.
farmers' orchards have become dry, which means heavy losses for them.
therefore, a complete loan waiver must be given, malik added.
in june 2017, the fadnavis government had announced a scheme, chhatrapati shivaji maharaj shetkari sanman yojana, to write off unpaid farm loans amid rising incidents of suicide by cultivators due to crop failures or falling prices and rising input costs.
at that time, the size of the loan waiver was pegged at rs 34,022 crore.
in february this year, the government had said as part of the scheme, a sum of rs 24,000 crore has been sanctioned for 51 lakh farmer accounts and of this, rs 18,036 crore already transferred to over 43 lakh agriculturists.
mumbai: amid uncertainties over a pre-poll pact with the bjp, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray today released his party's manifesto for the bmc elections, even as he maintained that seat-sharing talks with the ally are still on.
thackeray, flanked by a number of party mps and mlas, said the manifesto was being released independently by the party as today was the birth anniversary of sena founder bal thackeray.
january 23 is a very important day for shiv sainiks and we continue to be committed to the people of mumbai on this day.
hence, (we) decided to release our manifesto today, he said.
people are surprised and their eyes are left wide open when they see the budget of the mumbai civic body and they ask where does all this money go.
but if they study the subject in detail, they will find that bmc can only spend rs 29,000 per person in mumbai, thackeray said addressing reporters here.
he, however, refused to divulge details on the parleys being held by the two parties.
talks are still on.
as and when we come to a conclusion, i will have to announce it anyway, he said.
among sops in the manifesto, sena has promised to open e-learning centres for students and broaden the scope of teaching to meet demands in the current age.
the party also offered to give preference in jobs in the bmc to those educated in civic-run schools.
the manifesto, read out by arvind sawant,mp, also revealed the party's plans in sectors like tourism, health, environment, 24x7 water supply, free travel in best buses to students in school uniforms, besides promises in areas like sanitation and treatment of waste water.
bmc goes to polls on february 21.
protracted negotiations between the two parties have failed to clinch a deal with both sides claiming larger number of seats than each is willing to concede.
while bjp has staked claim for over 100 seats in the 227-member council, the sena appears to be in no mood to yield to the ally's demands in its prime political space.
a senior bjp leader had virtually ruled out yesterday the possibility of chief minister devendrafadnavis resuming seat-sharing talks with thackeray.
mumbai: the downpour in the last week of september has damaged crops over nine lakh hectares in maharashtra's marathwada region, with parched latur district being worst hit in terms of loss of crops.
the heavy rains between september 21 and september 26 affected 3,821 villages in the region where 199 cattle have died so far, according to state minister dileep kamble.
the actual damaged area is 9,15,431 hectares with soyabean being the largest hit crop.
latur district, with 3,94,730 hectares of primary losses, is the worst affected area, the mos for relief and rehabilitation told pti.
interestingly, latur was receiving drinking water via a special train from miraj in sangli district till first week of august.
in a period of less than a month, latur is now hit by rains, the minister added.
kamble said that chief minister devendrafadnavis has already ordered officials concerned to issue compensation amount to the farmers with a relaxation from mandatory panchnama of the damaged crops.
beed, osmanabad and nanded are the other three districts where damaged areas are more than one lakh hectares.
meanwhile, an official from aurangabad revenue division, which comprises these affected districts, said the information on crop loss is based on the primary estimation and it is being updated as well.
real challenge is mud and water stuck in the fields that restricts government officials' access to farm.
hence, damage assessment could take more time, the official said.
by ptimumbai: the ncp on monday mocked the latest duel between the bjp and the shiv sena over forging alliance for the upcoming lok sabha polls as a laurel and hardy drama--a popular comedy duo act of the early american cinema known for its slapstick comedy.
the ridicule came a day after bjp president amit shah said that if an alliance happened, the party will ensure victory for its allies, but if it did not, the party will thrash its former allies in the coming lok sabha polls.
the way shiv sena is giving a statement, that it is not bothered about the alliance and the way amit shah said yesterday that it will rout sena, i think laurel and hardy drama is on in maharashtra, ncp national spokesperson nawab malik told reporters here.
laurel and hardy was a comedy duo act during the early classical hollywood era of american cinema and became known through 1920s to 1940s.
speaking before shah in latur city sunday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had set the bjp workers a target to win 40 of total 48 lok sabha seats in maharashtra.
reacting to the statements, the uddhav thackeray-led party had said it was ready to take on opposition.
meanwhile, malik dismissed reports that the ncp was mulling over to give a ticket to renowned lawyer ujjwal nikam to contest the lok sabha polls.
the party has not given any such proposal to allot him (nikam) a ticket.
there is no decision made internally to give him candidature.
the party won't give candidature (to nikam), he said.
malik further said ncp and congress are currently holding discussions with like-minded parties to share seats, and the contours of the alliance would be finalised by january 15.
senior ncp leader praful patel had last week said his party and congress have reached a consensus on 40 lok sabha seats.
in 2014 polls, the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) had won 42 out of the 48 seats in maharashtra, with bjp winning 23 seats and sena 18.
the raju shetti-led swabhimani paksha, which was an nda ally, had won a seat.
shetti left the nda in 2017 citing dissatisfaction with the modi government over handling of agrarian issues.
mumbai: ncp spokesman nawab malik has alleged that lead singer of british rock band 'coldplay' chris martin disrespected the indian flag during the band's concert here.
there is a video grab from coldplay's concert in mumbai, where the band's lead singer is seen insulting the indian flag, he alleged.
the former maharashtra minister sought an unconditional apology from the singer, along with bjp and shiv sena leaders who were present at the concert, for allegedly hurting the sentiments of indians.
the video of the alleged incident has gone viral on social media.
the band, lead by its frontman chris martin, ended the global citizen festival india concert on a high note last evening by singing vande mataram with music maestro a r rahman and also waved the national flag.
the band performed several memorable songs, including paradise, viva la vida, yellow, fix you, for over an hour at the mmrda grounds.
several bollywood celebrities and some international artists also shared the stage.
among the celebrities present at the gala were amitabh bachchan, alia bhatt, ranveer singh, katrina kaif, sonakshi sinha, parineeti chopra, monali thakur, arijit singh, arjun rampal, suzanne khan as well as maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
prime minister narendra modi, who was earlier supposed to attend the event, could not make it.
he, however, joined via a video link that was beamed live.
the festival, launched in 2012, partners with global poverty project, a movement aiming to end extreme poverty by 2030.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today met ruchita sinha, the mother of 10-month-old girl, who was kicked at and beaten up at a creche in navi mumbai.
a chief minister's office's official told pti fadnavis gave them a patient hearing.
the chief minister said the matter is very serious and assured the parents that he has instructed officials to act promptly, the official said.
the mother also informed the chief minister there was no mechanism to regulate such play-schools, the official said.
in a shocking incident, a 10-month-old girl was beaten up and kicked at a creche in navi mumbai allegedly by a caretaker, who along with the day-care centre owner was arrested.
taking cognisance of the matter after a video of the incident went viral, maharashtra women and child development minister pankaja munde had said the government has decided to make installation of cctvs compulsory at such centres.
by ptipune: ncp president sharad pawar sunday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis of giving false promises to the maratha community over the issue of reservation in government jobs and education.
pawar cited a reported statement of bjp chief amit shah and asked fadnavis if he will defy his party chief in granting quota to the influential community.
the ncp leader said shah's had recently remarked, while opposing quota to a minority community in telangana, that the supreme court has set a limit of 50 per cent on reservation.
the sc limit will be breached when the maratha reservation is implemented in the state.
he was speaking at a congregation of ncp workers and office-bearers here.
but shah, according to pawar, said at a rally in telangana that any quota beyond the sc-set limit will not stand in court.
when the president of the party (bjp) says it (more than 50 per cent quota) cannot stand in court, why are you giving false promises to the people of maharashtra?
pawar said while hitting out at fadnavis.
the former union minister said people in ayodhya are upset over the decision to take over buildings located near the disputed site in the temple town.
people are saying they are not opposing construction of a (ram) temple, but are complaining that in the name of temple, there is an attempt to destroy everything, pawar, talking about pre-poll unity of opposition, said importance will have to be given to regional parties on the basis of their strength in their respective states while deciding on seat sharing.
an alliance of opposition parties is inevitable if the bjp is to be ousted from power, pawar added.
fadnavis made the statement at a meeting of bjp workers at latur in central maharashtra where party chief amit shah was also present.
the party president will decide what to do with the shiv sena and the proposed alliance.
shah was in latur to hold discussions with party workers from latur, osmanabad, hingoli and nanded.
party workers should be ready for contesting elections without any ally.
shah had reportedly told party mps from maharashtra at a meeting in delhi last thursday that they should be ready to contest the coming elections without an alliance, though efforts to forge a pre-poll tie-up with the sena were on.
the bjp is in alliance with the shiv sena in maharashtra and at the centre.
the sena has been critical of bjp, and leaders of the uddhav thackeray-led party have often spoken of contesting the 2019 lok sabha elections alone.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicethe mumbai trans harbor link (mthl), also known as the sewri-nhava sheva bridge, is a classic example of how mega infrastructure projects can get delayed for a mind-boggling number of reasons.
the idea for the link was first mooted in 1963 by wilber smith and associates when they were commissioned the task of transportation and traffic planning for greater mumbai.
named uran bridge then, the agency mooted the idea even as they were unsure of traffic and it was abandoned in 1981 after the success of vashi bridge connecting mankhurd and vashi in navi mumbai.
the proposal was revived only in 2004 after navi mumbais development moved into top gear and even the two bridges between mankhurd and vashi began seeming inadequate for smooth traffic flow.
infrastructure leasing & financial services (il&fs) moved a proposal to build the link, but again, for mysterious reasons, the proposal went back into cold storage.
in 2005, the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) began inviting fresh bids for the project.
a consortium of anil ambani-led reliance energy (rel) and hyundai engineering construction company quoted a concession period of 9 years 11 months against 75 years quoted by mukesh ambanis sea king infrastructure.
msrdc deemed both bids by the ambanis as unrealistic, ending the process inconclusively in 2008.
though the bids were invited again in 2008, the feud between the ruling congress and the ncp resulted in none of the 13 companies who had shown interest turn up to submit bids.
around this time, responsibility for the project was transferred from the msrdc to the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority (mmrda).
three years later in 2011, mmrda appointed consultants for techno-feasibility studies for a public-private partnership (ppp).
the sewri-nhava sheva bridge crosses the thane creek (photo | eps)things started moving faster after 2012.
environment clearances had lapsed, and another year had to be spent until they were re-issued in 2012.
the department of economic affairs recommended granting rs 1,920 crore for the project, and coastal regulation zone clearances arrived in 2013 with a nod from the centre.
however, the jawaharlal nehru port trust (jnpt) now wanted the link to be constructed at a height of 51 meters instead of 25 meters to enable movement of huge ships.
in parallel, bidders shortlisted in 2012 started withdrawing owing to government apathy and the model was scrapped.
in 2013, the mmrda decided to go ahead on a cash-contract basis with the japan international cooperation agency (jica) expressing interest in funding the project.
in june, 2014, jnpt also agreed to pick up a stake.
after the bjp came to power, chief minister devendrafadnavis made it a priority.
however, time was lost when union ports minister nitin gadkari favored an underground link while fadnavis supported the traditional design.
however, after the clearances arrived from the maharashtra coastal zone management authority (mczma) and the forest department, and jica agreed to extend a loan of 80 per cent of cost, and the foundation stone was finally laid by prime minister narendra modi on dec 24, 2016.
environmental activists however, had been crying foul over the effect on the sewri mud-flats which attract migratory flamingos and the alignment was consequently changed and construction began in april 2018.
currently, around 10 per cent of the 21.
8 km long 6-lane freeway grade road bridge is completed, with the project cost expected to hit rs 13,400 crore.
by ptidavos: terming climate change as one of the most pressing issues for the global economy, imf chief christine lagarde on friday said even central banks would need to take it into account in their policy decisions.
she was speaking at a session on 'global economy in transition' on the last day of the five-day world economic forum annual meeting 2019 here.
she said even central banks, banks, insurance companies and almost all industries would need to take climate change into account.
while some industries may be impacted more and some relatively less, all need to do their bit, she added.
it's very easy to be lost in the headlines but what we really want to do is not focus on the headlines.
so i'm not going to give you the economic outlook, lagarde said.
we are going to really focus on risks, opportunities, that are out there.
i'm going to start with one which is clearly on everybody's mind - climate change.
the planet's average surface temperature has risen by 1 degree celsius since the late 19th century, she said, and most of this warming has occurred in the last 35 years.
this is having a huge impact on the economy, she added.
an increase of 2.
5 degrees celsius shaves 15 per cent off the global gdp, she warned.
(if) it goes up to 3 degrees we lose 25 per cent of the gdp and the cost in terms of suffering is unmeasurable, she added.
as per a release, inequality is another pressing issue, with 800 million people still living in poverty and that number is growing.
investment in digital connectivity and the innovation economy is vital to generate growth and redistribute its benefits more fairly, it added.
bank of japan governor haruhiko kuroda advised leaders to create new global frameworks, if not institutions, to reform international taxation and guarantee cross-border data security.
by ptimumbai: the opposition congress in maharashtra on tuesday demanded that the state backward class commission's report on maratha quota issue be immediately tabled in the state assembly.
on the second day of the winter session of the state legislature, leader of opposition in the assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil said there is no clarity on the commission's report.
the maharashtra government sunday announced the maratha community will be granted quota under a new category called 'socially and educationally backward class' (sebc), as per the recommendation of the state backward class commission.
the government is yet to decide the quantum of reservation, though the marathas are seeking 16 per cent quota.
as the lower house assembled for the day and speaker haribhau bagade called for the question hour, vikhe patil asked whether the maratha quota under the new category will be within the existing 52 per cent reservation in the state or over and above that limit.
there should be clarity on the government's stand and the report should have been tabled on the first day of the session on monday, the senior congress leader said.
there is tremendous unrest among the marathas, he claimed.
he said the maratha community had organised 58 peaceful protest marches for the quota demand and nearly 40 people died for the cause, but it did not move the government.
vikhe patil expressed doubt over the government's credibility in granting social reservation to various communities.
our government had given five per cent reservation to muslims and the court had upheld the decision.
but this (bjp-led) government scrapped it, he said.
vikhe patil also hit out at chief minister devendrafadnavis over the issue of granting reservation to the dhangar (shepherd) community under the scheduled tribe (st) category.
he said in the first cabinet meeting after coming to power, the bjp-led state government had promised that the dhangar community would be granted quota.
however, the chief minister is now saying that granting quota to the community falls under the jurisdiction of the central government, the congress leader said.
intervening in the matter, state revenue minister chandrakant patil said the reservations granted by the previous government did not stand in court.
we formed the state backward class commission and did what is constitutionally necessary.
this has unsettled the opposition, he said.
the opposition members went to the speaker's podium to object to patil's remarks.
the speaker then adjourned the house for 30 minutes.
the maratha community, which constitutes over 30 per cent of the state's population, has been demanding quota for a long time and its agitation for the same in july and august this year had taken a violent turn.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday said the outcome of the local body elections currently underway in the state will weigh on the future of his cabinet composition as some ministers will be promoted while others relieved according to bjp's performance in their areas.
there will be some reflection of the results on the state ministry.
if the performance is good, some would be given a promotion in the cabinet.
on the other hand, the ministers who fail to improve bjp's performance in their respective districts, will be relieved from the ministry, said fadnavis during an interaction with reporters at his official bungalow, varsha.
fadnavis' comments came in the backdrop of the bjp in uttar pradesh giving a target to its members of parliament (mps) to ensure win of at least three mlas from their constituencies to get party ticket for the 2019 election.
elections to 25 zilla parishads are being held in the state in two phases.
the first phase was on february 16 and the next will be on february 21, coinciding with the voting for 10 municipal corporations.
the results will be out on february 23.
if they cannot become leader of a district, how can they be the leader of the state?
however, he expressed confidence that bjp will emerge victorious in all the municipal corporations.
i am sure that bjp's performance will not only improve but we will win all the 10 municipal corporations for sure.
i did not criticise uddhav thackeray personally during the whole election.
i continued to speak about development and what bjp can offer to people.
most of the speeches were not political but talked about progress, he added.
mumbai: rich farmers are likely to be excluded from the loan waiver announced by the bjp-led government in maharashtra, according to a senior minister.
the government will be setting up up a high-level committee for the implementation of the scheme, announced yesterday in the backdrop of the agitation by farmers across the state.
the farmers called off their stir after the government came out with the loan waiver.
the panel will decide on the criteria of debt relief.
state revenue minister chandrakant patil today said the committee is going to be formed because in the previous loan waiver package (2007-08), many rich farmers had benefited.
we have found that the loan waiver scheme introduced previously had benefited the rich farmers largely in maharashtra.
to avoid it, we will set up a high-level committee to omit such rich farmers from the list of beneficiaries.
the mechanism for the same will be worked out with the help of the committee, he said.
patil said this issue was raised at the meeting with farmers' leaders yesterday and they also demanded that the needy farmers should get the benefits first and the government had agreed to this demand.
hence the committee is going to be set up to exclude the rich farmers from the ambit of the scheme, he said.
the state's high-power group of ministers and the steering committee of farmers held a meeting yesterday in mumbai where the issue of loan waiver was discussed and accepted by the government.
it is the victory of farmers' rights that they would get loan waiver at the right time.
the state government is also keen on increasing the purchase price of milk by co-operative societies from farmers.
it will benefit the milk producing farmers and their income would go up, patil said.
meanwhile, raju shetti, lok sabha member and leader of the swabhimani shetkari sanghtana which is an ally of the bjp, said the steering committee had demanded implementation of the loan waiver scheme before the commencement of the monsoon session of the state legislature.
if the government fails to do so, we will again call for an agitation, shetty, whose outfit recently hit the streets, said.
shetti had earlier said if the government failed to fulfil its commitments, his organisation would resume the agitation from july 25.
on june 1, farmers from a village in ahmednagar district went on strike followed by many groups of cultivators in other parts of the state suspended vegetable and milk supply to mumbai.
mumbai: floral tributes were today paid to those who laid down their lives while fighting terrorists who had attacked the metropolis on this day eight years ago.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was among the dignitaries who paid homage at the 26/11 police memorial site at the mumbai police gymkhana in south mumbai.
i pay homage to the brave policemen who fought for mumbai's safety and laid down their lives for us on 26/11.
we will strengthen police force with better equipment.
it is our priority, he said.
governor ch vidyasagar rao, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, former mumbai police commissioners julio ribeiro, m n singh and several senior present and former police officers were present.
maharashtra police chief satish mathur and mumbai cp datta padsalgikar were away on official duty and could not attend the ceremony.
family members of the policemen, who lost their lives during the november 2008 attacks, were also present during the ceremony.
on november 26, 2008, 10 pakistani terrorists arrived by sea route and opened fire indiscriminately at people killing 166, including 18 security personnel, and injuring several others, besides damaging property worth crores.
the then ats chief hemant karkare, army major sandeep unnikrishnan, mumbai's additional police commissioner ashok kamte and senior police inspector vijay salaskar were among those killed in the attack.
the attack had begun on 26 november and lasted until 29 november.
chhatrapati shivaji terminus, the oberoi trident, the taj mahal palace & tower, leopold cafe, cama hospital, the nariman house jewish community centre were some of the places targeted by the terrorists.
ajmal kasab was the only terrorist who was captured alive.
he was hanged four years later on november 21, 2012.
by animumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday announced compensation of rs 5 lakh to the families of those who were crushed to death after a wall collapsed in malad area of the city.
pained to know about the loss of lives in malad wall collapse incidence.
my thoughts are with families who lost loved ones & prayers for speedy recovery of injured.
rs 5 lakh will be given to the kin of deceased, he tweeted.
18 people died after the compound wall of a building collapsed on hutments built on a hill slope in kurar village in the wee hours of tuesday due to heavy downpour.
four people were rescued and admitted to shatabdi hospital in the city.
meanwhile, the torrential downpour has hampered train services to and from the city.
due to rains, central railway suburban services will run in following sections till further notice--csmt-bandra on harbour line, vashi-panvel on harbour line, thane-vashi-panvel on trans-harbour line,4th corridor to kharkopar, thane-kasara/karjat/khopoli on main line, said sunil udasi, chief public relations officer, central railway, chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminus mumbai.
12932 adi-mmct will be short terminated at bl and will remain cd between bl-mmct.
12934 adi-mmct will be short terminated at bl and will remain cd between bl-mmct, the railway said.
pune municipal corporation has also issued an alert to all citizens to remain indoors.
mumbai: the maharashtra legislative assembly on saturday revoked the suspension of nine of the 19 opposition members suspended for unruly behavior in the lower house of the legislature during presentation of the state budget.
the assembly had suspended 10 members of ncp and nine of the congress on march 22.
out of these, the suspension of five ncp members and four congress members was revoked.
terming the suspension as the ruling party's attempt to threaten them, the opposition had boycotted proceedings of the house for over a week.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , on friday, had assured the upper house of the legislature that the government is positive about revoking suspension if the opposition comes forward for it.
accordingly minister for parliamentary affairs girish bapat moved the motion for revoking suspension which was passed by a voice vote.
bapat said the members were suspended till december 2017 for indiscipline and lowering the dignity of the house.
due to the suspension, they could not attend the rest of the budget session and would also miss the monsoon and winter session of the assembly.
the government was of the view that it would not be right to keep away the members from attending the proceedings of the house, he added.
however, the opposition did not resume the house immediately as most of them are currently on a week-long 'sangharsh yatra' to highlight the governments 'apathy' towards the plight of farmers.
the opposition mlas, who had been demanding crop loan waiver had displayed banners before finance minister sudhir mungantiwar as he was reading out his budget speech.
they played cymbals and raised slogans in the house and burnt budget copies outside.
he was speaking during a public interview at the inaugural session of the 16th jagatik marathi sammelan (global marathi convention) here.
the chief minister was asked whether india will see a maharashtrian prime minister by 2050.
no maharashtrian leader has become prime minister of the country yet.
why not, of course we will see.
.
.
if anyone has really ruled india, the entire india, in real sense, it is the maharashtrians, and we have the capability to reach attock, he said.
attock, now in pakistan, was briefly conquered by maratha armies in the 18th century.
hence i fully believe that by 2050 we will see not one but more than one maharashtrians in the highest post in the country, he said.
by animumbai (maharashtra) [india], sept 9 (ani): senior nationalist congress party (ncp) leader and former minister ganesh naik is set to join the bharatiya janata party (bjp) this week.
the development comes ahead of the assembly elections to be held later this year.
maharashtra bjp chief spokesperson madhav bhandari has also confirmed the induction.
not only ganesh naik but several other leaders are in touch with us.
they will be joining the bjp in the near future.
everyone knows that bjp is the party where every politician can see his future, so they are switching over to the bjp, bhandari said.
also read: no party becomes completely extinct - shiv sena on bjp's jibes at ncpganesh naik will join bjp on september 11 in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , a source said.
according to sources, naik will be switching to bjp along with 50 cooperators of navi mumbai municipal corporation.
a former cabinet minister in maharashtra government, naik was speculated to join the bjp ever since his son, sandeep naik, joined the party in july this year.
so far, at least 20 opposition leaders have left other parties to join bjp and shivsena.
maharashtra assembly elections are likely to be held in september-october.
mumbai: taking a jibe at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his statement that the bharatiya janata party (bjp) would never join hands with the congress, shiv sena leader on monday said it is strange that the saffron party can enter into an alliance with the peoples democratic party (pdp), which called a terrorist like afzal guru as martyr.
the bjp has allied with mehbooba muftis peoples democratic party (pdp), which called a terrorist like afzal guru as freedom fighter and martyr, but is facing problem in entering into an alliance with the congress under whose governance afzal guru was sentenced to be hanged for being a terrorist, raut told ani.
whoever wants to go with them can go, the bjp wont say a single word, he said.
raut also dismissed reports suggesting that the shiv sena was all geared up to join hands with the congress after the bmc polls.
the mayor will be from shiv sena, wait till march 9.
we havent approached the congress for any alliance.
all reports are false, he told ani.
mumbai: congress today slammed raj thackeray - led mns for asking pakistani artists to leave the country, saying issuing such threats was against the law of the land and demanded that a criminal case be lodged against mns leaders who have threatened actors from the neighbouring country.
shiv sena, known for its aggressive stand against entertaining artists and players from pakistan, said this is not an issue to be solved through non-violent methods, while the bjp took a sarcastic dig at the mns seeking to know long it would keep up the campaign over the matter.
in a democratic country, people can travel on a bonafide visa.
why should an insignificant party like the mns dictate terms in a democracy?
while popular sentiments are against pakistan's terror activities, no one should be be allowed to resort to dictatorship, congress secretary al-nasser zakaria said.
he also criticised chief minister devendrafadnavis for not taking action against the mns leaders who yesterday said the party workers would disrupt shooting of films engaging pakistani artists.
it is a shame that the chief minister, who also holds home portfolio, allows people to make vicious comments and promote enmity.
we demand that an fir be registered against mns leaders, shalini thackeray and amey khopkar for threatening to harm the foreign nationals, he said.
raising the pitch in the backdrop of uri terror attack, mns yesterday asked pakistani artistes like fawad khan and mahira khan to leave india immediately, failing which the shooting of their movies will be stalled.
mumbai police, however, assured the actors they need not worry as they will be given protection.
mns general secretary shalini thackeray, along with the party's cinema wing president, amay khopkar, in an open letter, sought to know from bollywood producers and production houses as to why they need to engage actors from the neighbouring country when enough talent is available in india?
shiv sena said violence against them is not the solution to the problem.
this issue has been politicised.
sena since last many years is of the view that pakistanis can not be allowed to earn fat pay cheques here while their country goes on killing indian soldiers, sena spokesperson manisha kayande said.
citizens are in a dilemma now.
whether to see movies with pakistani actors or see news channels that show indian soldiers getting killed on a daily basis.
where is (orf chief) sudheendra kulkarni now?
why has he gone into hiding after the uri attacks?
will he still opt for a dialogue?
she said.
by anipune: as many as 30 people died and 10 were missing as on saturday in pune division as floods continue to batter maharashtra.
an update from divisional commissioner office in pune revealed that 30 died, 10 were missing and over four lakh people were evacuated to safer places due to floods in the five districts of pune division.
more than 200 roads and 94 bridges were closed in the division due to flooding and landslides.
chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday visited the flood-affected kolhapur and sangli, to take stock of the situation.
85 teams of national disaster response force, state disaster response force, territorial army, indian navy and indian army are currently deployed in sangli and kolhapur districts for rescue efforts.
also, more than 300 medical teams are working in sangli, kolhapur and satara districts.
indian meteorological department has predicted light to moderate rainfall from monday onwards in sangli, kolhapur, satara, pune and solapur districts in pune division.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the death toll has gone up to 10 in the kausar baug building collapse in dongri.
three teams of national disaster response force (ndrf) are engaged in rescue operations, reported news agency ani.
eight people have been injured in the incident, so far.
the century-old building in south mumbai collapsed on tuesday morning.
while the rescue operations took a little longer to begin due to the narrow lanes making it impossible for large vehicles to move in, at least 40-50 people are believed to have been trapped under the debris.
view gallery: 10 dead, over 40 trapped as 100-year-old building collapses in mumbai's dongrithe building, named kausar baug, was a ground plus four-storied structure.
it collapsed at around 11.
40 am and the fire brigade got the first information at 12.
10 pm.
the deceased and the injured have been identified as:narrow lanes in the abdul hamid durgah area of dongri in south mumbai made it very difficult for the official agencies to reach the spot.
while local people had begun rescue operations along with fire brigade and bmc officials, the ndrf team could reach the spot only after about two hours, said, officials.
cm @dev_fadnavis speaks to media on #mumbaibuildingcollapse incident in dongri where more than 40 people are feared trapped.
https://t.
co/og4hxsctqk pic.
twitter.com/k1duzqa1y8  cmo maharashtra (@cmomaharashtra) july 16, 2019at least 15 families were living in the building, which was declared dilapidated and had already been handed over to a developer for redevelopment, officials added.
also read: will take action against those responsible for lapses, says housing authoritythe building belonged to maharashtra housing development authority (mhada).
however, it had been given no objection certificate (noc) for redevelopment and a developer was appointed by local residents in 2012, said uday samant, chairman of mhada.
mumbai: kesarbai building has collapsed at tandel street, in dongri.
more than 40 people are feared trapped.
pic.
twitter.com/h2evbtgah6  ani (@ani) july 16, 2019as the building collapsed it sent shock waves shaking adjacent buildings.
as the residents complained about the shocks, rescue operators vacated the adjoining buildings as safety measures.
also read: minor wrapped in cloth rescued from mumbai building collapse debrislocal mla varis pathan accused the authorities of neglecting the old dilapidated buildings.
the building was about 100 years old.
we had given permission to redevelop that area.
we will know after investigation if the redevelopment initiative was delayed.
right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
also read: confusion prevails over ownership of 100-year-old kausarbaug buildingbuilding safety is the most serious concern in the south mumbai area where the concentration of old buildings is very high.
according to statistics, while around 499 of such buildings have been declared dangerous only about 70 have been vacated and an even lesser number have been cleared for redevelopment.
meanwhile, the name of the ill-fated kausar baug building, which crashed on tuesday killing at least two persons, is mysteriously omitted from a comprehensive list of 499 dangerous buildings prepared by the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), said an rti activist.
mumbai: shiv sena today took a sharp dig at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his role in facilitating the release of ae dil hai mushkil featuring pakistani actor fawad khan, saying he gave up an opportunity to show that there is a 56-inch chest government.
in a stinging editorial in its mouthpiece saamana, the ruling alliance partner said the developments pertaining to the release of the film, which was threatened to be blocked by raj thackeray-led mns, were horrible, ruthless and have rubbed salt into the wounds of martyred soldiers.
fadnavis has come under a grim attack from the opposition congress and ncp for brokering a truce between the film's producers and the mns, alleging that by doing so he has shirked his prime responsibility of maintaining law and order.
a lot has happened behind the curtains and all opposition to the film was diluted in the cup of tea at 'varsha' (chief minister's official residence).
we do not want to get into who lost and who won but the whole episode has insulted our martyred soldiers, the saamana editorial said.
(bjp) central leaders are threatening pakistan and boasting about surgical strikes.
but none of them has the courage to say that films having pakistani artistes will not be allowed to be released.
pakistan has violated ceasefire about 25 times after the surgical strikes and nobody is bothered about it.
here, everyone is rallying behind film producers seeing them in trouble, it said.
fadnavis had the opportunity to show that there was a 56-inch chest government in place now, that has a much stronger spine than the previous congress-led government, which was pro-pakistan, it added.
masks of many came off after the tea session at 'varsha'.
karan johar was asked to pay rs 5 crore to the army welfare fund in lieu of release of his film.
is the sacrifice of our soldiers worth this much?
the developments of the entire episode is horrible, ruthless and have rubbed salt into the wounds of martyred soldiers, the sena said.
on october 22, under pressure from political and other outfits, bollywood film producers announced that they will not engage with pakistani artistes, clearing decks for the release of karan johar's film as mns withdrew its threat to stall the screening.
ae dil hai mushkil starring ranbir kapoor, aishwarya rai bachchan and anushka sharma in lead roles, is set to be released on october 28.
by ptimumbai: three persons have been arrested in connection with the attack on the cast and crew of altbalaji's under-production show fixer in neighbouring thane district, a senior police official said thursday.
some team members of the web series on thursday also met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who assured that strict action will be taken against the culprits.
according to a police official, there was a dispute over selection of a spot for the shoot, following which some men attacked the show's crew members while they were shooting at a set located on ghodbunder road in thane on tuesday.
later, the show's assistant director lodged a complaint following which three men - krishna sonar, sonu das and suraj gupta - were arrested on wednesday, kasarwadavali police station's senior inspector k khairnar said.
the accused have been booked under indian penal code sections 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) and 143 (unlawful assembly) as well as other relevant provisions, he said.
in a video shared by filmmaker-actor tigmanshu dhulia, who features in the series, the show's producer, sakett saawhney, and actor mahie gill alleged they were beaten up by drunk goons.
meanwhile, the show's director, soham shah, gill, and other cast and crew along with filmmaker ashoke pandit met fadnavis in the state legislature here and informed him about the incident.
speaking to reporters after their meeting, pandit and gill said the chief minister assured that stern action will be taken against the attackers.
pandit said they apprised fadnavis about members of the film industry feeling insecure while shooting in thane, mira road and naigaon areas, where, he caimed, such incidents often take place.
the entire unit was shooting in a closed set at the ghodbunder road in thane.
some eight to ten people came there and attacked the unit, he said.
most of the unit members, including shah, were injured in the attack, he told reporters.
gill said the incident took place when the team was busy shooting the climax sequence of the series.
suddenly some goons turned up at the set and started attacking.
they didn't abuse anyone or say anything.
they straight away started hitting people.
they approached me also to attack, but i immediately rushed towards a vehicle (for safety), she added.
gill said the attackers also vandalised a vanity van.
mumbai: in probably the first of such instance in the past 50 years history of the shiv sena, party chief uddhav thackeray on saturday tendered a public apology for publishing an objectionable cartoon in party mouthpiece saamana last sunday.
uddhav thackerayas the president of the shiv sena and the editor of saamana, i apologise to all mothers and sisters, who may have felt hurt by the cartoon.
i want to make it clear that the cartoon never intended to disrespect anybody, thackeray said.
thackeray also thanked people of maharashtra for showing faith in the shiv sena and not letting the controversy escalate.
the controversy over the cartoon has died down, but im still disturbed.
i was deeply hurt as the controversy broke, because, a true shiv sainik would never humiliate a women, he said.
he also made it clear that the apology was not due to any pressure.
he said that a party delegation met chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday and demanded a special session of the state legislature to discuss the demands of marathas.
sambhaji brigade, one of the organisations behind organising the protest marches demanding quota for maratha community, said they did not want any politics to be played over the issue and said that with thackerays apology the issue now stands closed.
however, the opposition parties termed thackerays apology as too little too late.
had he apologised on the first day itself, nobody would have been able to escalate the issue, ncp leader and leader of opposition in legislative council dhananjay munde said.
leader of opposition in the legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil said he should have apologised to the entire community.
his apology now only shows his frustration over the reaction of maratha community, he said.
the cartoon mocking maratha protests has left the party politically isolated with leaders across party lines, including its ally bjp, and from even some sena leaders, criticising it.
by ptimumbai: the farmers' long march from nashik to mumbai will continue after their leaders' late night parleys with maharashtra government to address their demands remained inconclusive, the march organisers said thursday.
farmers have embarked on a 180-km march from nashik to mumbai for the second time in the last 12 months to protest against what they termed as the betrayal of peasants by the bjp governments at the state and centre.
the kisan long march-2, expected to take over nine days to complete, is being organised by the cpi(m)-backed all india kisan sabha (aiks).
the march could not be taken out wednesday as police stopped many farmers from reaching nashik, the aiks claimed.
maharashtra minister girish mahajan met some aiks representatives in nashik wednesday night.
we held talks with the minister for over three hours.
the government appeared positive to 80 per cent of our demands.
the minister said he would speak to chief minister devendrafadnavis first, aiks president ashok dhawale said.
dhawale said mahajan informed aiks representatives that the assurances would be given in writing.
the aiks has decided to go ahead with the march beginning thursday morning till the government does so, he added.
dhawale said police were also present during the meeting with mahajan.
they (police) are not going to stop the farmers now, he added.
mahajan could not be reached for his comment.
the aiks has accused the government of not fulfilling assurances given to farmers last year after they marched between the two cities, seeking farm loan waiver, minimum support price for crops, irrigation facilities and provision of a pension to agriculturists.
the aiks also said it is opposed to the multi-billion dollar mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project which has seen several farmers along the proposed route approach court against land acquisition.
by anikolhapur: eight buses and as many as 500 passengers remain stranded near the hem of the kohlapur city, as several parts of maharashtra witnessed heavy downpour giving rise to flood-like situation in the state.
the area beyond the kini village, where the passengers are currently stranded, has been receiving heavy showers for the last one week, throwing normal life out of gear.
urging the government to rescue them, a woman named anne abraham, stranded on the road with her two children said, we want to go home.
it has been four days and no one has come to inquire about us.
it is only because of the villagers, who have provided us with food and water, that we are alive.
other passengers, too, thanked the villagers for taking care of them for past four days.
i left from kurla in mumbai on august 5.
we were stopped near kini village toll plaza and were told that the area beyond it was flooded.
i want to thank the villagers for giving us food, water, and a place to stay at, said parvesh khan.
also read | 12 navy rescue teams sent to flood-hit sangli district of maharashtraanother group, who was on their way to goa, asserted that they will go back home, now that the festival they were going to attend is over.
yesterday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis conducted an aerial survey of the flood-affected districts of sangli and kolhapur to take the stock of the situation.
national disaster response force personnel conduct rescue operations at a flooded area in kolhapur thursday august 8 2019.
| pti22 rescue teams have been deployed in kolhapur, comprising five teams of national disaster response force (ndrf), 14 of the indian navy, and one each of coastguard, army column and state disaster response force (sdrf).
more than two lakh people have been evacuated to safer places from three districts of kolhapur, sangli, and satara.
incessant rains in several parts across the state have resulted in massive waterlogging and flood-like situation.
rescue and relief operations are underway on a war footing in the rain-affected areas of the state.
mumbai: the budget session of the maharashtra legislature begins here today and is expected to be a smooth sailing affair for the devendrafadnavis government after the bjp averted a face-off with sparring ally shiv sena over the mumbai mayor's post.
the bjp's decision not to contest the elections for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), where it won just two seats less than the sena in the just-concluded mumbai civic polls, is likely to ease strains in relations between the two saffron parties.
with the bjp (82 seats) not fielding candidates for the march 8 mayoral poll, the uddhav thackeray-led party (84 seats) is set to bag the twin posts in the country's richest civic body.
the session will begin with governor c vidyasagar rao's address to the joint sitting of both the houses at 11 am.
the budget for fiscal 2017-18 will be presented on march 18.
this would be the bjp-led government's third budget presentation since it came to power in october 2014.
the session will have 23 working days and conclude on april 7, state parliamentary affairs minister girish bapat said.
discussion on the governor's address will take place on march 8 and 9, followed by chief minister devendra fadnavis' reply, he said.
supplementary demands will be taken up on march 15 and vote on account on march 22.
discussions on department-wise budgetary demands will begin from march 24.
there will be a break for gudi padwa from march 26 to 28 and ram navmi from april 2 to 4.
on march 21, the legislature will discuss a motion to congratulate ncp president sharad pawar and pwp mla ganpatrao deshmukh, who have completed 50 years in electoral politics.
a delegation of opposition leaders met governor vidyasagar rao yesterday to submit a memorandum of demands including farm debt waiver.
shiv sena mlc anil parab said his party would raise the issue of farm debt waiver during the session.
the shiv sena will continue to raise issues that concern the larger good of the people.
we stand by our demand for debt waiver and we will keep raising it, parab said.
in this wednesday, may 27, 2016 file photo, european commissioner for budget devendrafadnavis speaks during a media conference on the eu 2016 budget at eu headquarters in brussels.
| apsofia: bulgarian prime minister boiko borisov announced wednesday that the government is nominating its european commissioner, devendrafadnavis , as candidate to be united nations secretary-general, replacing its previous candidate, unesco chief irina bokova.
the decision came two days after bokova, was ranked in sixth place in the security council's latest informal poll.
earlier this month borisov had said that his government would continue backing bokova's candidacy only if on sept.
26 she was among the top two candidates.
we made huge efforts, not only the government, but also the president, the foreign ministry and irina bokova herself, but you see the result, borisov said at the government meeting.
in order to be replaced, however, bokova would need to file a letter announcing her withdrawal.
she says she sees no reason to do that.
none of the other candidates, even those with worse results, is doing it because the real race is still ahead, bokova said in an interview for the daily 24 chasa on wednesday.
in the interview, which preceded the government decision to pull its support from her, bokova said that the calls for her to leave the race are undignified.
bokova added that with a second candidate, bulgaria will become a laughing stock.
since entering the race, bokova has been a controversial candidate in bulgaria because of her communist past.
it appears that my successful start was not liked by certain circles in bulgaria and outside bulgaria.
they saw that i have a chance to win and launched a negative campaign against me, she said.
regretfully, i am the only candidate facing a hysterical campaign of name-calling and slander in my own country.
in brussels, georgieva's boss, european commission president jean-claude juncker, has granted her an unpaid leave of absence for the month of october to stand for the u.n.'s top post.
commission spokesman margaritis schinas said the eu's executive arm will ensure a strict separation between activities relating to her candidacy and her work at the commission, where she has the portfolio in charge of budgetary affairs and human resources.
bulgarian foreign minister daniel mitov said the government will be seeking support for georgieva from neighboring countries.
by tradition, the job of secretary-general has rotated among regions.
asia, africa, latin america and europe have all held the post.
east european nations, including russia, argue that they have never had a secretary-general and it is their turn.
i want to thank ms bokova, but we must transfer our support to devendrafadnavis , mitov said.
there has also never been a woman secretary-general and more than 50 nations are campaigning to elect the first female u.n. chief, along with many organizations.
by ptinew delhi: the supreme court wednesday fixed for final disposal a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
a bench comprising chief justice ranjan gogoi and justices deepak gupta and aniruddha bose said that it will list the plea for final disposal on july 23.
the bench was hearing a petition filed by one satish ukey seeking annulment of fadnavis's election to the maharashtra assembly on the ground of alleged non-disclosure of all pending criminal cases against him.
earlier, the apex court had issued a notice to the chief minister on an appeal by ukey against a bombay high court order which had dismissed his plea challenging the election of fadnavis.
the petitioner had alleged that fadnavis, in his election affidavit filed in 2014, had failed to disclose the pendency of two criminal cases against him.
it was contended that the chief minister did not disclose the information as required of him under the election law and the non-disclosure of these two pending criminal cases was in violation of section 125a of the representation of people's act of 1951 and constituted an offence in itself.
the two cases of alleged cheating and forgery were filed against fadnavis in 1996 and 1998 but charges were not framed.
by online deskan 11-year-old boy from maharashtra just acted on something that many frustrated parents may have been thinking about for a long time now.
while their kids were busy shooting strangers in cyberspace, ahad, in a four-page letter to the government, appealed for a ban on the online game playerunknown's battlegrounds -- famously known as pubg -- as it promotes violence and cyberbullying.
watch | pm modi's pubg reference at pariksha par charcha sents audience into fits of laughterin the letter, he said that this is an appeal to forthwith ban online game playerunknown's battlegrounds [pubg] as it promotes immoral conduct such as violence, murder, aggression, looting, gaming addiction and cyberbullying.
ahad further wrote in the letter, i will be compelled to seek appropriate legal [civil and criminal] proceeding as per law; naturally at your cost and consequences if the game is not banned.
ahad's letter was addressed to seven people including ravi shankar prasad (ministry of electronics and it), vinod tawde (maharashtra education minister) and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis among others.
also read | similar to drug addiction, pubg addicts now seeking medical helpsince he has not yet received any response, ahad has decided to file a public interest litigation (pil) in the bombay high court.
pubg, developed by pubg corporation, bluehole, has been all the rage for a while now, with millions of addicted players meeting, shooting, abusing and even marrying each other through the online multiplayer battle game!
the game has been available in india since 2007 and is hosted by platforms like microsoft windows, xbox one, android, and playstation 4.
mumbai: the bombay high court will on wednesday hear the junior doctors mass leave matter.
the high court yesterday asked the doctors to resume their duties immediately.
the court came heavily on the protesting doctors and asked its representative body the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) to ask all doctors to resume their duties immediately else it would be contempt of court as the doctors organisation has given an undertaking that it would not go on strike.
the court also directed chief minister devendrafadnavis government and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to provide adequate security to doctors in all hospitals all over mumbai and maharashtra.
the doctors are on strike due to the recent incidents of violence against them.
this protest comes in the wake of attack on one of the doctors by a patient's relatives earlier on saturday.
by ptipune: on a day the nationalist congress party (ncp) launched its mass outreach campaign ahead of the upcoming assembly polls in maharashtra from pune district, senior leader ajit pawar has promised to bring a law reserving 75 per cent jobs for locals in the private sector in the event of the upa forming the next government.
the party on afternoon launched 'shiv swarajya yatra' from historic shivneri fort, the birthplace of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj, days after the ruling bjp and the shiv sena flagged off similar campaigns to build a momentum among voters.
the yatra is being led by actor-turned-politician amol kolhe, the ncp mp from shirur in pune district.
we will bring a law granting 75 per cent reservation in (private) jobs for locals, in the event of the congress-ncp forming a government, pawar said while addressing a gathering at junnar.
many senior leaders of the party were present on the occasion.
in his speech, the former deputy chief minister mocked the ruling shiv sena for organising protests against insurance firms for allegedly not settling the claims of the farmers.
pawar said the ncp would devolve key responsibilities to the youth and women ahead of the elections, due in september-october this year.
launching a frontal attack on chief minister devendrafadnavis , who has taken out 'mahajandesh yatra', pawar said the former has failed on all the fronts.
at a time when the common people are facing hardships due to floods, the chief minister has embarked on a political campaign.
the bjp government has failed to safeguard the interests of farmers, minorities, women, and backward classes, he said.
he also targeted state water resources minister girish mahajan for breaking into a jig when the centre scrapped the special status enjoyed by jammu and kashmir under the article 370.
how could you dance when the state is facing difficulties (due to floods in many districts)?
asked pawar.
he exuded confidence that the congress and the ncp together will win 175 of total 288 seats in the polls.
senior ncp leader chhagan bhujbal dared the government to hold the upcoming elections through ballot papers instead of electronic voting machines (evms).
ncp state unit president jayant patil termed recent desertions by some party leaders who have crossed over either the bjp or the sena, as good riddance.
i am thankful to those who have left the party because as a party's state president, i can appoint young leaders, he said.
before it culminates at the raigad fort on august 28, the yatra will cover 22 districts and 80 talukas.
in the 2014 elections, the congress and the ncp had won 42 and 41 seats, respectively.
the ncp is currently grappling with a string of desertions.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: in a development that might have a nationwide impact, the maharashtra state cabinet on sunday decided to create a special category to grant quota for maratha community.
the special underlines the social and economic backwardness of the community, chief minister devendrafadnavis said while announcing the decision.
the development followed the report of the state backward class commission which was submitted to the state government earlier this week.
the commission has very clearly stated three things.
one is the social and economic backwardness of the maratha community.
winter session of the state assembly is set to begin tomorrow and the state government is expected to table a legislation in the house regarding maratha quota.
when asked about the procedure, a senior minister confided that a new maratha quota bill is likely to be tabled in the first week of the assembly session itself.
maharashtra currently has 52 per cent quota allotted to various categories.
though the government is still tight-lipped on how much quota would be granted to maratha community, senior ministers in the government have indicated that the politicians they won't be able to grant anything less than the previous government - which was 16 per cent.
the population of the maratha community in the state is believed to be between 28 to 33 per cent.
hence, if the government decides to grant 16 per cent quota for marathas the total reservation will reach 68 per cent.
this is close to the tamilnadu model of reservations where 69 per cent quota has been granted to various castes.
speaking about legal hurdles in implementation of such a decision fadnavis said that the constitution doesn't speak about 50 per cent limit on quota, while the sc judgment demands precondition of the exceptional and extraordinary situation which the community fulfils as per the report of the statutory commission.
the development is expected to have a ripple effect in other bjp ruled states like gujarat and haryana where dominant castes like patel and jat have been demanding quota.
by ptimumbai: a right to information (rti) plea has revealed that the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), among the richest civic bodies in the country with a budget of rs 27,258 crore, only has one chartered accountant in its audit and accounts department.
the information was sought by rti activist anil galgali and the reply was furnished by deputy chief auditor of the gad department.
according to the reply, the auditing department (finance) of the bmc has 1,473 staffers.
one can understand very easily how the audit department must be functioning with only one ca.
this is criminal negligence.
if more cas are appointed, then certainly irregularities and corruption can be curbed, galgali saidi have written a letter in this connection to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , he said.
when contacted, bmc deputy municipal commissioner (general administration) sudhir naik said, there is vacancy in every bmc department and auditing department is no exception.
as far as the issue of irregularities are concerned because of less cas, we have a very foolproof and transparent system of auditing.
by ptimumbai: the tree authority of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) on thursday gave its nod to cut over 2,700 trees for a metro carshed in the leafy aarey colony area here.
the proposal was cleared at the authority's meeting, chaired by municipal commissioner praveen pardeshi, though members from the shiv sena opposed it.
a senior civic official said mumbai metro rail corporation (mmrcl), which is constructing the metro, put up the proposal to cut 2,232 trees and promised to compensate by planting three times as many trees elsewhere in the city.
mmrcl also sought permission to remove and re- transplant another 469 trees, the official said, adding that before giving the approval, the members of the authority had inspected the site.
bjp member manoj kotak, also the group leader in the civic house, backed the proposal.
metro is extremely essential for the city and it is everybody's duty to support infrastructure-related work.
in fact, metro will not only save fuel but will also protect the environment, kotak told pti.
tree authority member and ncp corporator kaptan malik said he supported the decision to facilitate infrastructure development.
shiv sena youth wing leader aaditya thackeray, however, alleged that chief minister devendrafadnavis had been misled on the issue.
the metro is a good thing, i use the existing one and will use the new one too.
however, whoever planned this green chopping in mumbai, obviously has no love for our future generations or our city.
has misled the chief minister on its environmental assessment report for aarey, thackeray tweeted.
the aam aadmi party (aap) said it was a betrayal of trust reposed by mumbai citizens in the civic authorities.
we urge mumbaikars to vote out the parties which are responsible for this decision in assembly elections.
we will take this up in the polls, said ruben mascarenhas, national joint secretary of aap.
both the chief minister and civic chief have admitted that the flooding of mumbai is a result of climate change.
sadly, government authorities don't understand the relation between trees and global warming.
33 hectors of carshed area in aarey has thousands of indigenous trees, species and also the floodplain of mithi river, said amrita bhattacharjee, who has launched campaign to save the trees in aarey colony area.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has reportedly made the congress' demand for leader of opposition status to party mla vijay wadettiwar 'conditional'.
fadnavis monday made it clear to opposition leaders that wadettiwar, who is the group leader of the congress in the lower house, will get the lop status only if legislative council chairman ramraje naik nimbalkar (ncp) announces election to the post of deputy chairman.
the post has been lying vacant since the last one year after the term of manikrao thakre (congress) came to end.
at least two senior leaders of the congress said the chief minister has made their demand for the leader of opposition (lop) status for wadettiwar conditional.
the lop enjoys the status of a cabinet minister in maharashtra.
the catch in fadnavis' 'offer' is that the post, which has tenure of six years, might go to an nda nominee due to their strength in the upper house if elections are held, a situation the ncp is trying to avoid, sources said.
the congress and the ncp are discussing the issue and finalising the name of the congress mlc who will contest the election for the deputy chairman's post, they said.
according to sources in the nda, the shiv sena is likely to contest the election.
in the 78-member legislative council, the bjp has the maximum 23 legislators while ally sena has 12.
the congress has 16 members and the ncp 17 while the parties like the lok bharati, the pwp and the rsp, have one member each.
there are six independents.
meanwhile, leaders of the congress and the ncp have admitted that they failed to gauge the political situation by delaying election to the post of the deputy chairman.
a decision on the issue is likely to be taken by the opposition in a couple of days.
earlier in the day, opposition members in the legislative assembly asked speaker haribhau bagade to nominate waddetiwar as the lop.
congress legislature party (clp) leader balasaheb thorat said he had written to the speaker about their demand.
thorat said since waddetiwar was the congress group leader, he should be nominated as the lop as he enjoyed the support of all opposition parties.
by ptimumbai: a 65-year-old man thursday succumbed to burn injuries he received in the mumbai hospital fire, bringing the total number of people killed in the tragedy to 10, an official said.
besides, 116 injured people, including some children and firemen, were undergoing treatment in seven hospitals across the city, he said.
kisan naravade died at the holy spirit hospital in suburban andheri due to burn injuries.
with this, the death toll in the tragedy rose to 10, the official of the city civic body's disaster management cell said.
also read | food delivery boy saves 10 liveshe said 53 patients were so far discharged.
the fire broke out in the government-run esic kamgar hospital at marol in suburban andheri monday, killing six people that day.
the death toll rose to eight tuesday, with two more persons dying in different hospitals.
the 325-bed hospital did not have the fire department's no-objection certificate (noc), mandatory for such institutes to function.
nearly 375 people, including patients and visitors, were in the five-floor hospital when the fire broke out, an official had earlier said.
the blaze appeared to have erupted after a short-circuit near the rubber rolls stored on the ground floor, he had said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had tuesday ordered a probe into the incident and the union labour ministry had announced compensation for the victims.
by ptimumbai: in a setback to the ncp ahead of the maharashtra assembly polls, its mumbai unit chief and former minister sachin ahir joined the shiv sena on thursday.
ahir, who was a minister in the previous congress-ncp coalition government in the state, joined the shiv sena here in the presence of its party president uddhav thackeray and yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray.
welcoming ahir into the party-fold, uddhav thackeray, in an apparent jibe at senior ally bjp, said splitting other political parties was not sena's tendency.
i want sena to grow but not at the cost of morals and ethics, he told reporters here, without naming any party.
the shiv sena wants to do politics bywinning the hearts of people, he said.
sachin ahir has joined us willingly and happily.
i assure him that he will not regret his decision, he said.
he said the yatra recently undertaken by his son aaditya thackeray and the mass outreach programme to be soon taken up by chief minister devendrafadnavis were for ensuring the sena-bjp alliance's win in the assembly polls, due in september-october.
ahir, who was associated with the ncp since its formation in 1999, represented shivdi assembly seat in mumbai from 1999 to 2009 and was later elected from worli, after delimitation of constituencies.
also read| maharashtra polls: no dispute with ncp on 150 seats, says congressin 2014, he lost the assembly election to shiv sena's sunil shinde.
ahir said he will work for the expansion of shiv sena's base, but will not try to break the ncp.
sharad pawar will be in my heart.
but i will have aaditya and uddhavji's strength in my body to work for the shiv sena, he said.
ahir said he has no grudge against the ncp.
but some unavoidable political decisions had to be taken considering the prevailing situation, he said.
ahir said a couple of days back, he met aaditya thackeray at a social event where the latter told him that the shiv sena needed leaders like him, who were well-versed in urban politics.
the shiv sena is in power in most of the municipal corporations in the state.
i can use my expertise gained as a minister for the development of cities.
hence, i took the decision to work for the development of cities by being in power, he said.
ahir said the sena will now take decision on whether he will contest the state assembly polls.
on the occasion, aaditya thackeray said ahir and he knew each other since long.
despite being in different parties we realised that our goal and aim is development of urban areas, he added.
meanwhile, reacting to ahir's decision to join the sena, ncp's chief spokesperson nawab malik said those deserting the party lacked courage and strength to fight the assembly elections on their own.
his joining the shiv sena will have no bearing on our party's poll prospects, malik added.
fadnavis made the remarks in reference to reports speculating mid-term polls in maharashtra amid farmers' stir seeking loan waiver in view of the agrarian crisis.
the fadnavis dispensation had announced the long-standing demand of the waiver last sunday.
some people said (when the agitation was on) that they will bring the government down, will withdraw support.
i said we are ready for mid-term polls.
buoyed by the bjp's success in maharashtra local governing bodies' polls, held in the recent past, fadnavis exuded confidence that people of the state were with the saffron party notwithstanding various agitations against the state.
this success was unprecedented and no other party achieved such success.
the congress-ncp couldn't attend the success even during their hay days.
so, people believe in the government, he said.
talking to a marathi news channel recently, shiv sena mp sanjay raut had suggested that the shiv sena would withdraw support to the government if the loan waiver was not announced.
by ptimumbai: with the recovery of five more bodies, the death toll in the boat capsize tragedy in sangli district has gone up to 17, even as over four lakh people have so far been evacuated from flood-affected parts of maharashtra, officials said on sunday.
more than five lakh cusec of water is being discharged from almatti dam on the krishna river in karnataka to ease the flood situation in western maharashtra.
over 30 people have been killed in rain-related incidents in five districts of western maharashtra in the last one week, including 17 who drowned when a boat capsized near brahmanal village in sangli on thursday.
so far, 17 bodies have been recovered following the boat tragedy.
water has started receding in some areas of sangli, a district administration official said.
on thursday, nine people drowned and as many others went missing when the boat capsized during a rescue operation.
three more bodies were recovered by saturday and five more were found till sunday, taking the toll in the incident to 17, he said.
heavy rains pounded kolhapur, sangli, satara, thane, pune, nashik, palghar, ratnagiri, raigad and sindhudurg districts in the state in the last one week.
also read | maharashtra floods: 30 dead and 10 missing in five districts of pune divisionaround 3.
78 lakh people were so far evacuated from the worst-hit kolhapur and sangli districts where the water began to recede slowly on saturday, another official said.
total 4,24,333 people have so far been evacuated across the state.
of these, 2.
33 lakh have been shifted to safer places from kolhapur alone.
a total of 761 villages in 69 tehsils are affected by floods, he said.
in some areas of kolhapur, food packets were being dropped by helicopters as the connecting roads there were still water-logged, he said.
the national disaster response force (ndrf) has deployed 29 teams, the state disaster response force (sdrf)-3, coast guard-16, navy-41 and army-21 in these 10 districts.
they are rescuing people with the help of 211 boats, he said.
nearly 369 temporary shelters have been set up for those displaced by floods in these districts, he said.
a team of 100 private doctors from thane will soon be going to sangli and kolhapur to provide medical assistance.
apart from medicines, they will also be carrying clothes and blankets for the flood-hit people, he said.
an official from the maharashtra state electricity distribution company (msedcl) said the power meters damaged by floods in kolhapur and sangli will be replaced free of cost.
we have asked people not to switch on any device at their homes if water entered their power meters.
the msedcl staff will inspect every affected house before restoring the power supply, he said.
meanwhile, around 5.
3 lakh cusec of water was being released from the almatti dam in karnataka to ease the flood situation in maharashtra, a water resources department official in kolhapur said.
the discharge from koyna dam (in satara) stood at 53,882 cusec as its catchment area was still experiencing torrential rains, he said.
the catchment areas of nearly all dams in kolhapur received over 100 mm rainfall in last 24 hours, he added.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday.
addressing a press conference there, fadnavis attributed the flooding to unprecedented rainfall this monsoon, which he said was more than double of that in 2005 when massive floods were witnessed.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: bjp president amit shah has directed the maharashtra unit of the party to finalise seat-sharing agreement with shiv sena at the earliest as both parties would contest the assembly polls in alliance, party sources have said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a 40-minute long meeting with shah in delhi on monday wherein shah gave the directions, said party sources.
shah also held a meetings with senior party leaders entrusted with responsibility of poll-bound states on tuesday.
apart from discussing partys strategy for the elections, the state leadership was advised to properly evaluate the leaders who want to join the bjp from rival parties, party sources have said.
it had been speculated that bjp and shiv sena might contest the assembly polls independently to accommodate new entrants as well as aspirants members.
assembly polls in haryana, maharashtra and jharkhand are scheduled for later this year.
by ptinew delhi: the supreme court thursday issued notice to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on a plea seeking annulment of his election to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in the nomination papers.
a bench comprising chief justice ranjan gogoi and justices s k kaul and k m joseph sought response of the chief minister on an appeal filed against a bombay high court order.
the bombay high court had dismissed the plea of one satish ukey seeking annulment of fadanavis's election to the maharashtra assembly on the ground of alleged non-disclosure of all pending criminal cases against him.
the apex court was hearing an appeal of ukey against the high court order.
senior advocate kapil sibal, appearing for the petitioner, submitted that fadnavis in his election affidavit filed in 2014, had failed to disclose the pendency of two criminal cases against him.
it was contended that the chief minister did not disclose the information as required of him under the election law and the non-disclosure of these two pending criminal cases was in violation of section 125a of the representation of people's act of 1951 and constituted an offence in itself.
the two cases of alleged cheating and forgery were filed against fadnavis in 1996 and 1998 but charges have not been framed.
by ptiindore: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday said his state's former ats chief hemant karkare had never used the term hindu terror and disapproved of the offensive remark made by the bjp's lok sabha candidate pragya singh thakur against the martyred police officer.
karkare, as chief of the anti-terrorism squad (ats), had led the investigation into the 2008 malegaon bomb blast case, in which thakur is an accused.
thakur is the bjp's lok sabha candidate from bhopal, where she is pitted against congress leader digvijaya singh.
karkare had never ever used the `hindu terror' word.
this word had been used by three persons congress leader digvijaya singh, the then union home minister sushilkumar shinde and ncp chief sharad pawar, he told reporters here while replying to a query.
singh, a former madhya pradesh chief minister, has in the past denied coining the phrase `hindu terror'.
fadnavis was on a visit to indore, which is home to around 3 lakh marathi voters.
follow our full election coverage hereindore is among the eight lok sabha seats in madhya pradesh that will vote on may 19 in the last phase of elections.
at that time, many young people were rounded up as part of anti-terror operations.
asked about thakur's statement that her curse killed karkare, who died while fighting terrorists during the 26/11 mumbai attacks, he said she has apologised for her remark.
he said karkare is a hero not only for maharashtra but the entire country.
the bjp considers karkare a martyr not only of maharashtra but the entire country because he laid down his life for motherlands security.
the bjp has already stated that it does not agree with pragya's controversial remark against karkare, he said, adding she has apologised for her remark.
asked about local resident dilip patidar, a witness in the malegaon blast case who is missing since november 2008, he said, the nia is looking into the matter.
mumbai: the steering committee comprising farmer leaders from across maharashtra announced the end of their agitation, albeit temporarily, after they got several assurances, including an immediate and blanket loan waiver, during a three-hour-long meeting with the high-powered group of ministers (gom) at the sahyadri state guesthouse here on sunday.
after discussions with farmer leaders in the steering committee, i spoke to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
im happy to announce that the government has agreed to almost all the demands and hence they have decided not to go ahead with their agitation now, head of the gom and revenue minister chandrakant patil said at a packed press conference.
the government has principally agreed to their demand of blanket and immediate loan waiver.
accordingly, small and marginalised farmers would start getting loans from tomorrow and a committee would be appointed to decide the criteria for loan waiver of other farmers.
the committee would also have farmer leaders as members on it, the minister said.
fadnavis had on june 2 announced that the loan waiver for small and marginalised farmers will be implemented on october 31.
however, today the government agreed on an immediate waiver.
this is a victory for the farmers, the leader of the steering committee said.
also read: maharashtra just managed to save itself on loan waiver: anil ghanwaton the demand of withdrawing cases against the farmers, the minister said the cases except those involving charges of theft and damage would be withdrawn.
when asked about the implementation of recommendations of the swaminathan commission, another major demand of the farmers, chandrakant patil said the issue comes under the purview of the central government and that the cm would lead a delegation of farmers on this issue to meet prime minister narendra modi.
we had positive talks with the gom and most of our demands have been met.
hence, we have decided not to go ahead with our agitation of road and rail blockade as announced earlier, said farmer leader raghunath patil.
mp and leader of swabhimani shetkari sanghatana raju shetti said the deadline for the decision on full loan waiver was agreed as july 25.
if the government goes back on its word, the agitation after july 25 would be bigger and more intense, he said.
this is a temporary victory.
the real remedy for farmers woes would come only when we devise a sustainable system to ensure that they get better rates for farm produce than their production cost.
recommendations of the swaminathan commission are important from that perspective, he added later.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will interact with 5,000 students from across the state along with subject matter experts and industry specialists as part of his efforts to build vision maharashtra 2025.
the program has been organised as part of the last leg of the transform maharashtra initiative led by fadnavis.
an effort would be made through this exercise to evolve vision 2025 for the state on various issues including socio-economic challenges, drought, corruption, urban poverty, digital divide etc.
, a senior cmo official told the new indian express.
the event has been organized on may 1, statehood day for maharashtra.
the state-wide competition, that invited solutions from college students across maharashtra on 11 challenges faced by the state had twin objectives of crowd sourcing innovative solutions and encouraging active involvement of youth in policy planning, said the officer.
the competition got around 2,500 entries from around 11,500 students.
the best solutions were shortlisted by domain experts and online voting, where more than 6 lakh votes were casted.
the winners will propose their solutions to cm fadnavis, who in turn will brainstorm with opinion makers, business intellectuals, subject matter experts and 6,000 college students to build vision maharashtra 2025, the official said.
dignitaries like ratan tata, ola cabs ceo bhavish aggarwal, and western command head of the army major general anuj mathur would grace the occasion, the official said.
mumbai: the maharashtra government, which has decided to regularise unauthorised constructions till december 2015 on a mass scale in urban belts, today said criminal cases will be filed against builders responsible for illegalities.
the policy to regularise unauthorised constructions is applicable to entire state and not just in thane and navi mumbai, he said.
the supreme court had stayed the demolition of illegal constructions in digha in navi mumbai till july 31.
on july 29, minister of state for urban development ranjit patil had informed the legislative assembly that the government was planning a comprehensive policy to regularise unauthorised constructions till december 2015 on a mass scale in urban belts.
by ptimumbai: in a significant move, the state cabinet tuesday decided to bring the office of maharashtra chief minister under the jurisdiction of lokayukta.
the decision was taken at the cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
talking to reporters after the meeting, state water resources minister girish mahajan said that apart from the chief minister, ministers and opposition leaders will also be brought under the ambit of lokayukta.
this is a very good initiative to ensure corruption-free governance, he said.
the lokayukta is an anti-corruption ombudsman organisation in the states which mainly helps people publicise corruption among the politicians and government officials.
many acts of the lokayukta have resulted in criminal or other consequences for those charged.
maharashtra was the first state to introduce the institution of lokayukta through the lokayukta and upa-lokayuktas act in 1971.
in another decision, the council of ministers approved a grant of rs 323 crore for setting up additional 5625 cctv cameras in mumbai as part of the cctv surveillance project.
at present, 5000 cctvs are operational in different parts of the state capital, an official said.
the cabinet also decided to give 15 per cent margin money, of the total cost of proposed business ventures, to those belonging to scheduled caste and other backward communities.
the government also relaxed agriculture landholding ceiling for development of integrated township projects.
in another decision, the title of the government land approved for industrial use can be changed by paying a premium.
by ptimumbai: opposition lawmakers on wednesday staged a protest over the alleged leak of maharashtra budget provisions on finance minister sudhir mungantiwar's twitter handle before presentation in the assembly, and sought a probe into the matter.
the legislators, including ncp's ajit pawar, jayant patil and dhananjay munde, held a demonstration over the issue in the state legislature premises during the ongoing monsoon session.
the government leaked the budget on twitter even before it was presented before the legislature by mungantiwar on tuesday.
we are protesting against the government's such irresponsible approach.
we want a probe into the matter by the cyber cell,munde said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and mungantiwar on tuesday dismissed the budget leak charge, saying the provisions were put out on twitter 15 minutes after the finance minister began his budget speech in the assembly.
meanwhile, the opposition legislators also criticised the bjp-led state government over the drought situation and sought complete farm loan waiver.
they also took a dig at the government for allegedly sidelining senior bjp mla eknath khadse, as he approached the legislature premises to attend the session.
khadse, who was earlier considered no.
2 in the devendrafadnavis government, resigned from the cabinet in june 2016 over corruption allegations in a land deal, but he was later given a clean chit by the anti-corruption bureau.
mumbai: on a day the bjp helped shiv sena install its mayor in the bmc, the uddhav thackeray-led party said the bjp government in maharashtra was still on notice period.
yes.
.
.
this (the bjp-led nda) government is still on the notice period.
unless our chief (thackeray) clarifies, the government will continue to be on notice, sena spokesperson neelam gorhe said.
she was speaking to reporters on the campus of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation in south mumbai after the mayoral election.
interestingly, gorhe's remarks came days after sena minister ramdas kadam said the party ministers had put away the resignation letters they were carrying in their pockets.
sena's vishwanath mahadeshwar was today elected as the mayor of the country's richest civic body, with the bjp corporators voting in his favour.
he bagged 171 votes against the 31 won by his congress rival vitthal lokare.
the decks for his election were cleared recently after the bjp, locked in a battle with the sena to reach the magic figure of 114 votes to rule the 227-member bmc, decided to hand a virtual walkover to the warring ally.
in the run-up to the bitterly-fought civic polls, including mumbai, thackeray had last month said the fadnavis government was on a notice period, fuelling speculations about its stability as the sena is an important alliance partner in the dispensation.
sena, the junior partner of the bjp in the central and state governments, had contested the recent elections after breaking its alliance with the bjp, its ally in the bmc.
however, the thackeray-led party continues to be the part of government.
in the hung verdict in the bmc, the sena bagged 84 seats and the bjp 82.
meanwhile, gorhe, also an mlc, said a number of issues related to farmers are being looked into.
there are farmers who are under stress and committing suicide.
we are discussing the matter in the house on how a loan waiver can be given to farmers and how to give them justice, she said.
she said sena was hopeful the state government would work with the right spirit to meet the party's demands concerning farmers.
responding to a query on how she views the bjp backing the sena nominee in the mayoral poll against the backdrop of vitriolic exchange between the allies ahead of last month's polls, gorhe said, they (bjp) did what they thought was right.
by ptimumbai: ncp chief sharad pawar has termed those who left his party to join the ruling bjp as cowards, and said people will show the deserters their place in the upcoming maharashtra assembly elections.
in a setback for the ncp, several senior party leaders recently joined the bjp and the shiv sena.
they are cowards.
people of maharashtra will take care of such people in the elections, pawar said on sunday, a day after senior leader udayanraje bhosale quit the ncp and his lok sabha membership from satara and joined the bjp.
there are some people who have lost their self- respect and switched over to the bjp.
i think people will show them their place in the assembly polls, he said.
pawar, who founded the ncp in 1999 after walking out of the congress, said he worked in opposition for 27 years.
i managed to work in the opposition at times more effectively.
but i don't feel like sitting with this kind of opposition (leaders), he said.
besides bhosale, some of the other prominent leaders who quit the ncp recently include former ministers jaidutta kshirsagar, ganesh naik and sachin ahir, and former state unit president bhaskar jadhav.
the ncp chief also attacked the nda government over the condition of the economy.
this government has left many people jobless.
this time people will give them a strong message, he said.
pawar also took a dig at state chief minister devendrafadnavis ahead of his scheduled visit to sangli and kolhapur districts, which were the worst hit by unprecedented floods last month.
he (fadnavis) went there (in flood-hit areas) only once just for few hours and never visited again, he said.
by ptiamravati: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said he was confident of getting a fresh mandate from the people and assured that he would devote his next term as the cm to make the state drought-free.
speaking at a rally at mozari in the district in the presence of defence minister rajnath singh, fadnavis, who launched his month-long 'maha janadesh yatra', said the next generation will not experience drought and he wanted to devote his second term to achieve the objective.
the state goes to polls in september-october this year.
i will save each and every drop of water for the welfare of the state, he said.
fadnavis slammed the erstwhile congress-ncp government saying the cabinet decisions taken during that time focused on safeguarding the personal interests of the ministers and not of the poor people in the state.
these ministers were such that they felt they could continue doing such things.
caring about their personal interests was their sole objective for being in power, he alleged.
previous chief ministers would come back empty-handed whenever they approached the centre for assistance.
but, modiji has given a lot to the state, he said.
several people are keen to join the bjp.
but we are taking only good people.
unworthy ones have no place and for them, we are 'housefull' and there is no vacancy.
he also said that efforts will be made to make the state completely drought-free by diverting rainwater from konkan region to north maharashtra and marathwada as well as water from wainganga river to vidarbha by constructing a tunnel.
he was addressing a gathering after hoisting the tricolour on the premises of the mantralaya, the state secretariat here, on the 73rd independence day.
i would like to assure the people who lost their homes, livelihood in the floods that the government will strive to ensure that they are rehabilitated in record time, he said.
stating that rehabilitating people was a challenging task, he added that rs 6,800 crore package has been finalised for expeditious implementation of the rehabilitation plan.
i thank the people of the state for standing by the flood-affected and also by the state government in its endeavour for the rescue and relief operations, he said.
the death toll due to floods in five western maharashtra districts, including the worst-affected kolhapur and sangli districts, reached 50 on wednesday.
at least 6.
45 people were shifted to safety in kolhapur and sangli districts till tuesday due to flooding.
an unprecedented rs 1.
5 lakh crore investment has been made in the agriculture sector.
at least rs 50,000 crore have been deposited in the bank accounts of farmers under various government subsidies and agriculture schemes, he said.
similarly, under the jalyukt shivar scheme, efforts to make the state water neutral is bearing fruits.
the chief minister said that his government will work for making the state completely drought-free, for which rain water from konkan, which goes into the sea, will be diverted to the godavari river basin to make north maharashtra and marathwada drought-free.
a tunnel would be constructed between nalganga and wainganga to prevent water from wainganga river flowing into the sea and to make vidarbha drought-free, he added.
he said 167 tmc water from konkan will be diverted to the godavari river basin and water from wainganga river, which flows into telangana, will be diverted to vidarbha by constructing a 480-km tunnel.
similarly, irrigation projects in the drought-prone areas of western maharashtra will be expeditiously completed with the central government assistance, he added.
maharashtra's share in the fdi is more than 50 per cent of the national investment.
we will contribute usd one trillion towards prime minister narendra modi's dream of making india a usd 5 trillion dollar economy, he said.
on the occasion of independence day, we should together pledge to take maharashtra to newer heights through our development works, he said.
independence day is the time to recollect the sacrifices of the freedom fighters-satyagrahis who fought through non-violent means, as well as the revolutionaries, who led an armed struggle against the british.
under pm narendra modi's leadership, if we all strive to create a new india, our country will become a superpower, he said.
today, apart from modiji hoisting the tricolour in delhi, the flag was hoisted in ladakh, srinagar and jammu as well in free atmosphere.
all this has happened because of modiji and home minister amit shah, he said.
by ptipune: union minister and senior rpi (a) leader ramdas athawale sunday said he was disappointed that his party was not considered when allies bjp and shiv sena formed an alliance for the forthcoming lok sabha and maharashtra assembly polls.
athawale said he would have preferred to fight the lok sabha polls from mumbai south-central seat currently held by shiv sena's rahul shewale.
the union minister of state for social justice also said that the bjp could give his party the mumbai north-east lok sabha seat in case it could not get sena to part with the south-central seat.
bjp's kirit somaiya is the lok sabha mp from mumbai north-east but his candidature this time might be a problem since somaiya is a bitter critic of the sena leadership and the latter are opposed to him.
athawale said he would meet maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue of rpi being ignored in the bjp-sena alliance.
he also demanded that cases slapped against dalits in connection with the bhima-koregaon violence should be withdrawn.
by express news servicemumbai: the congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) on sunday boycotted the customary tea party organised by the chief minister devendrafadnavis on the eve of the assemblys monsoon session, claiming the latters claims of development were illusory.
this was the first instance of the opposition boycotting the cms customary tea party.
the monsoon session from monday would be the last under fadnavis tenure.
in a rerun of december 2014 when shiv senas eknath shinde was sworn in as minister just a few days ahead of the monsoon session, former leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil was inducted into the fadnavis cabinet on sunday.
citing the all-party meeting called by pm narendra modi in new delhi, fadnavis had requested the opposition to shorten the span of the customary tea party.
however, the congress called it attempt to muzzle democracy and announced their decision to boycott the event.
mumbai: cutting across party lines, members in maharashtra legislative council demanded the permanent suspension of bjp-supported independent mlc prashant paricharak for his derogatory remarks against wives of soldiers.
paricharak, while addressing a rally in his district on saturday, had said, soldiers distribute sweets at the punjab border after having babies when they had not come home for a whole year.
raising the issue in the house on the first day of the budget session on monday, leader of opposition dhananjay munde argued that rajya sabha had suspended members for such behavior in the past.
chief minister devendrafadnavis should take suo-moto note and move the motion for suspension of paricharak, said congress leader ashok alias bhai jagtap, while senior sena mlc dr neelam gorhe said that all women members of the council were hurt by paricharaks remarks.
giving his ruling, chairman of the council, ramraje naik nimbalkar, said that he would have to study the rules and past precedents.
he assured the house that he would discuss the matter with the chief minister and hold a meeting with group leaders of the house.
council goes paperlessmeanwhile, the maharashtra legislative council is on its way to become the first house in the country to go paperless.
chairman ramraje naik nimbalkar made the announcement in the house on monday and said that members were being provided with touch-screen notebooks.
members will now be able to access attention notices, committee reports, reports of government-run corporations and other documents since 1937 online.
nimbalkar stated that it was a step towards realising prime ministers digital india dream.
by ptimumbai: ahead of the lok sabha polls, the maharashtra government has decided to grant 10 per cent reservation in jobs and education to those who are economically weak in the state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted a graphic that said families, whose collective annual income is less than rs 8 lakh -- through sources such as farming, salaries, business-industry -- would be treated as economically backward in this case.
the state government's decision is in line with the centre's recent move of granting 10 per cent quota to the financially weak from general category, maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said.
the (maharashtra) cabinet has decided to give 10 per cent quota to those who are financially weak, from any caste or religion, in education and jobs, mungantiwar told reporters here.
he said the benefit would be effective for job recruitments or admissions in educational institutes from february 1, 2019 onwards.
according to the graphic posted by fadnavis on the micro-blogging site, 10 per cent seats/posts would be available for the economically poor in recruitment for government services and admissions in educational institutes.
it explains that the aforesaid per cent of posts would be reserved in government establishments, semi-government establishments, corporations/urban governing agencies, rural local governing agencies and authorities.
mumbai: for the first time ever a maharashtra shutdown called by farmers organisations got underway here on monday with minor incidents of violence on the fifth-day of the ongoing farmers strike.
the shutdown got enthusiastic response from the farmers with many regulars markets, locals markets and weekly markets remaining shut, with the ruling ally, shiv sena, opposition congress, nationalist congress party, peasants and workers party, left parties, various trade unions, ngos, affiliated organisations and farmers groups supporting the shutdown.
major milk suppliers like gokul dairy, have joined the strike along with fresh fruits and vegetables cultivators, but the milk federation in mumbai has kept off the shutdown on monday.
there were minor incidents like burning truck tyres on roads to prevent vehicles movements, stopping some farmers from proceeding to sell their produce in weekly markets even as police maintained strict vigil in most rural and semi-urban areas where the shutdown was witnessed.
in nashik, agitating farmers accused chief minister devendrafadnavis of cheating and burnt his effigy on monday, there were road blocks and processions in pune, aurangabad, dhule, sangli, ahmednagar, parbhani, solapur, osmanabad and kolhapur.
urban centres like mumbai, pune, thane, navi mumbai, aurangabad, nagpur and other semi-urban centres were out of purview of the shutdown, they would be impacted in terms of shortages of daily essentials and spiralling prices.
the shutdown called by kisan kranti - an umbrella organisation of various farmers groups in the state - was part of intensifying the farmland strike from june 1.
on tuesday the plan was to lockdown all government offices followed by gherao of legislators and ministers offices on wednesday.
by iansmumbai: politics is the game of possibilities where all stakeholders play their games to keep opponents on their toes.
they use all the instruments at their disposal to prevent possible electoral tie-ups and spoil political fortunes.
according to political pundits, the ruling bjp-shiv sena combine in maharashtra is planning to throw spanners to block a political scenario where the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp) would come together to spoil the possibilities of the bjp-sena combine improving or maintaining its tally in the 2019 lok sabha elections in maharashtra.
and it should surprise none if the ruling combine decides to rake up the scam related to a mumbai-based top housing finance company and the aircraft deal to corner the top leadership of the ncp.
the arrival of 'corporate lobbyist' deepak talwar to india from the uae and the recent raking up of the housing finance company's case are being seen in political circles as an attempt to serve a signal to the ncp to watch its step while joining the anti-bjp alliance.
while both the developments have links to the ncp leadership, it's almost certain that ncp chief sharad pawar cannot be part of the bjp alliance.
however, before baring the claws, both ncp patriarch sharad pawar and prime minister narendra modi tried to soft handle each other, keeping political analysts busy trying to decipher and decode the political messaging.
the maharashtra strongman, known for his friendly ties with leaders across the party divide, praised modi for his hard work after the gujarat chief minister-led nda's stunning victory in the 2014 lok sabha elections.
modi works hard, that is a fact.
during our tenure i had a good equation with him, for professional reasons, and i know his working style.
amongst upa partners i am the only one who has a communication line with him, pawar said at that time.
modi too responded in similar vein.
while addressing a meeting in baramati, hometown of pawar, in february 2015, modi, who had lashed out at pawar some six months earlier, showered praises on the ncp leader, claiming that even if they are from two different parties and have two different ideologies, their aim is one - india's progress.
and come december 2018, the willy politician that pawar is tried to open communication channels with the gandhis.
attacking modi for targeting the gandhis, the maratha strongman said the country's first prime minister jawaharlal nehru spent years in jail during the british rule while indira gandhi protected interests of the poor when in power.
praising sonia gandhi and her son and party president rahul gandhi, pawar said: people should feel proud of them as they continue to serve the poor despite the assassination of prime ministers indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
meanwhile, after tough posturing on both sides, the congress leadership in maharashtra and the pawar-led ncp appear to tie the political knot for the upcoming lok sabha elections, political sources said.
and the possibilities of that have unnerved the ruling national democratic alliance (nda).
the crucial seat-sharing formula for the 48 lok sabha seats -- the second highest after uttar pradesh -- is practically clinched and would soon go for the formal nod of the top party leaders like sharad pawar and congress president rahul gandhi.
however, the question of accommodating some key local allies is still pending and keeping everyone on tenterhooks.
it may be recalled that on the eve of the 2014 assembly elections, the congress-ncp, as also the bjp-sena combine, had split and fought elections separately, resulting in multi-cornered contests in most of the 288 (assembly) segments.
this was among the prime factors, analysts later said, which led to the congress-ncp rout after 15-year rule in maharashtra, a traditional congress stronghold.
the state was earlier ruled for a term by the sena-bjp (1994-1999) and from 1999-2014 by the congress-ncp.
in the present scenario, with a major change in political circumstances compared with 2014 when the modi wave had washed out the congress-ncp, a pre-poll alliance is a sensible option, as a senior ncp official put it.
though the final figures are kept under wraps, both sides claim a win-win situation that would give a tough fight to the bjp-sena combine, which has yet to finalise its alliance, with the sena stance giving the bjp a headache.
the bharipa bahujan mahasangh (bbm) led by prakash ambedkar, which has allied with the owaisi brothers' all india majlis ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) to present a potent dalit-muslim force, has demanded 12 seats for allying with the congress-ncp, leaving the latter aghast.
besides, the congress-ncp are wary of the aimim factor, which could gnaw into their minority strongholds and indirectly benefit the bjp-sena combine with a division in votes, said a high-ranking state ncp leader.
a senior congress leader said in the final tally, the congress-ncp may part with 3-4 seats from their share to accommodate the smaller parties and also ensure their victory.
there is also considerable speculation whether maharashtra would opt for simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections -- though categorically denied by chief minister devendrafadnavis -- but nobody from the bjp has commented.
nevertheless, maharashtra congress president ashok chavan is unfazed: we are prepared for simultaneous elections.
it's up to them to decide, he said.
if this materialises, smaller parties rue it would pose fresh organisational, manpower and funding challenges for them, with the ruling combine having an upper hand.
by ptimumbai: the death toll in the building collapse incident in south mumbai's congested dongri area has gone up to 14, the ndrf said on wednesday, even as the rescue-and-search operations were underway for those trapped under the debris.
all the medical expenses of the injured will be borne by the government of maharashtra, the chief minister's office (cmo) said.
so far, 14 people -- seven men, four women and three children -- have lost their lives.
nine others were injured, they are being provided medical treatment, national disaster response force (ndrf) spokesperson sachidanand gawde said.
also read | chronology of building collapse incidents, other mishaps in mumbaihe said the search-and-rescue operations continued throughout the night and were still on.
it (search-and-rescue operations) will go on till the last piece of rubble is removed from the spot, gawde said.
in pics | century-old building collapses in mumbai's dongrithe official said his team members were told about the presence of a few customers at an eatery on the ground floor of the building when the incident happened but no one was sure of the exact number.
so, our job is still left to rescue those men, he said.
notably, the structure that collapsed was an illegal extension of the kesarbai building, located on tandel street in dongri, the maharashtra housing and area development authority (mhada) said.
#watch national disaster response force (ndrf) carries out search operation with the help of sniffer dogs, at kesarbhai building collapse site in mumbai.
pic.
twitter.com/daw5js9lcr  ani (@ani) july 17, 2019the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) earlier claimed that the building was owned by mhada.
however, mhada, in a statement on tuesday evening, said the structure was illegally constructed behind the kesarbai building.
also read | mumbai needs enforcement of building safety norms: experts on dongri building collapsestate housing minister radhakrishna vikhe patil visited the site on tuesday and said the building was owned by a private body and that it was illegal.
mumbai: the mumbai police probing the alleged provocative speeches of islamic televangelist zakir naik, who is under the scanner of various central agencies as well, has submitted its report to maharashtra home department, a senior official said today.
the report will now be vetted by the home department and sent to chief minister devendrafadnavis for further action, principal secretary (home) vijay satbir singh said.
the mumbai police was asked to probe naik's past speeches available online, to see if any of them could have inspired youths to join terrorist organisations, amid reports that his preachings inspired some of those involved in dhaka terror strike.
the city police was also conducting a joint inquiry (with other probe agencies) into the functioning of naik's islamic research foundation (irf), to scrutinise the finances it has received from various parts of the world.
naik, who is now abroad, has been facing heat over allegations of inspiring some of the dhaka attackers through his speeches.
there were media reports that provocative speeches had inspired some of the terrorists who carried out bangladesh's worst terror attack at a cafe in dhaka that left 22 people dead on july 1.
naik had a lengthy interaction with indian media via skype from saudi arabia on july 15, rubbishing the charge that his sermons had inspired terror activity, including the dhaka attack.
he has ruled out returning to india this year and claimed his remarks were blown out of context and that he has never inspired any terror activity.
stating that he is a messenger of peace, naik had also accused indian media of running a trial against him by hyping on unverified reports and doctored clippings and statements being shown out of context.
meanwhile, the city police yesterday registered a case against an irf employee and three others, including two arrested earlier by kerala police in connection with alleged isis recruitment case in the southern state.
they have been booked under unlawful activities (prevention) act and ipc section 120-b (criminal conspiracy), a senior police official said today.
meanwhile, in a statement issued against the backdrop of the report on the preacher submitted by mumbai police to state home department, the irf said that all allegations levelled against naik were false and baseless.
irf is not privy to the police commissioner's report, but from reports put across in the media, irf wants to reiterate that the allegations are false and baseless.
dr zakir naik firmly believes in promoting peace and harmony and has been doing that for decades, it said.
the foundation said that neither naik nor irf have received any notice from the mha or any government agency as of now, and hence they won't be able to comment on it.
irf is a research body that promotes greater awareness of islam and its tenets.
dr zakir naik is an expert in comparative religion and has been conducting well-researched talks on islam and other religions across the world, it said.
naik emphasises on teachings of islam which is not unconstitutional and preaching and propagating one's religion is allowed by article 25 of the constitution, it said.
the irf also said that conversion (of religion) has never been its objective.
conversion is not the objective of irf.
the organisation only spreads the message of islam and clears misconceptions.
this is fully permitted by our constitution, it said.
the statement also said irf's guest relations manager arshid qureshi never forced anyone to convert religion.
qureshi has never forced a single person into conversion against his or her free will, as it is against islam.
we emphatically deny all allegations, it said.
notably, city police yesterday registered a case against qureshi and three others, including two arrested earlier by kerala police in connection with alleged isis recruitment, for alleged unlawful activities and criminal conspiracy.
by anipune: the death toll due to floods and heavy rainfall in pune division has reached 43 while three persons are missing, an official statement said on monday.
as per the statement from the divisional commissioner's office here, at least 4,74,226 people have been rescued from 584 villagers and evacuated to temporary 596 shelters in pune, sangli, kolhapur, satara and solapur districts.
it said 46 villages of pune division are still completely cut off due to floods and 105 units (1079 jawans) of different agencies along with 164 boats are deployed in kolhapur and sangli.
due to flood and water-logging situation, around 66 bridges in the five districts will remain closed.
de-induction of some of the teams have started.
most are now involved in distributing relief material and medicines.
2.
5 tons of ration delivered to villages of rajapur and rajapur wadi.
medical camp doctors along with medical supplies sent to villages, defence pro said.
in order to provide medical relief to flood victims, 302 medical teams are active in satara, sangli and kolhapur.
313 atm's have been made functional with cash available which were affected by flood while 334 are still under maintenance, the statement read.
meanwhile, the national disaster response force (ndrf) teams continue the rescue and relief operations in shirol and kolhapur.
they carried fodder as an emergency measure for animals.
the india meteorological department has predicted light to moderate rainfall with a cloudy sky from monday onwards in the five districts of the division.
on august 11, chief minister devendrafadnavis took a detailed review meeting with the chief secretary, senior officials from resettlement and rehabilitation (r&r), disaster management department and other concerned officials at ministry control room.
by ptinew delhi/bengaluru/mumbai: union home minister amit shah carried out an aerial survey of the flood-affected belagavi district of karnataka, and sangli and kolhapur districts in maharashtra on sunday, officials said.
shah arrived by a special aircraft from chennai at the sambra airport in belagavi and conducted the survey of some of the affected areas on board an army helicopter, official sources said.
he was accompanied by chief minister b s yediyurappa, union ministers pralhad joshi and suresh angadi, rajya sabha member prabhakar kore and hukkeri bjp mla umesh katti.
the home minister also did an aerial survey of flood-hit areas in sangli and kolhapur districts in maharashtra.
he was briefed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis about the current flood situation and the measures undertaken in the southwestern part of the state.
did an aerial survey of the flood affected areas of belagavi (karnataka) and kolhapur & sangli (maharashtra), shah tweeted.
also held a meeting with senior officials to review the relief operations.
union home minister amit shah conduct aerial survey of flood-affected areason sunday.
(photo | twitter)the home minister added that the central and both the state governments were totally committed to helping the people in distress.
at least 40 people have died and over 3.
78 lakh have been evacuated after heavy rains and release of a large amount of water from various dams resulted in unprecedented floods in kolhapur and sangli.
pune, satara and solapur districts were also affected by the floods.
in karnataka, 31 people have lost their lives and more than four lakh were displaced in the floods that affected 80 'talukas' in 17 districts.
mumbai: shiv sena today took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
the sena also said the present government's ambitious 'make in maharashtra' programme should begin with construction of good quality roads and bridges, in the absence of which no foreign nation would be willing to invest there.
instead of indulging in blame game and only conducting meetings to gauge the mahad tragedy, what is needed is to give a serious thought over the issue.
also, if the cm really wants to understand the situation of roads and bridges in the state and conduct a proper audit, he, along with other ministers need to shun planes and helicopters while touring the state, the party said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'saamana'.
district guardian ministers should not be given permission to fly to their respective districts.
let them travel by dilapidated roads and bridges and then conduct an audit.
because, when ministers fear for their lives, audit and repairs, both shall take place, it said.
it further said that if in a progressive state like maharashtra, a large number of people lose their lives in natural calamities, the government needs to change the structure of its 'make in india' and 'make in maharashtra' programme.
start your 'make in maharashtra' programme by fixing old and dilapidated bridges.
unless you construct proper roads, do not expect foreign nations to invest money here, it said.
also, if there was a strong government in the state from the last two years, what did it do to prevent this tragedy, it asked.
eight more bodies were recovered yesterday during search operation in the savitri river, where two state-run buses and some private vehicles were swept away after a british-era bridge collapsed in mahad, taking the toll in the tragedy to 22.
meanwhile, opposition congress slammed the double standards of sena over the mahad tragedy and said before the advising the bjp to fix bridges and roads in the state, it should do so first in mumbai.
sena's corruption in the bmc has resulted in thousands of potholes across the city where people are losing lives.
sure, it can play the role of a big brother by advising the bjp but it should also play the role of a responsible brother and fix roads bridges in the city and not play with the lives of people for monetary gains, congress spokesperson al-nasser zakaria said.
mumbai: the maharashtra congress today demanded sacking of senior state minister and bjp leader pankaja munde over an audio clip, in which she is purportedly heard threatening the chief priest of bhagwangad hill shrine and sought a probe into the matter.
pankaja is embroiled in a fresh controversy after the audio clip surfaced in which she is purportedly heard threatening a priest of the bhagwangad hill shrine in ahmednaagr district to allow her to make a speech on dussehra.
pankaja, in the unverified audio is also heard saying false cases would be lodged against the supporters of namdev shastri maharaj, the chief mahant of bhagwangad.
namdev maharaj, who enjoyed close relations with pankaja's father and senior bjp leader gopinath munde, reportedly fell out with her after munde's death.
chief minister devendrafadnavis should remove pankaja from his council of ministers and not give a clean chit to her, maharashtra pradesh congress committee (mpcc) spokesperson sachin sawnt told reporters here.
sawant alleged that there was nothing surprising in what pankaja is heard saying in the clip given the past allegations in irregularities in purchases of rs 206 crore in her department.
this is a law and order issue and misuse of ministerial position, the spokesperson claimed and sought a probe into the matter.
last month, elections were held in two phases for 25 zilla parishads, 283 panchayat samitis and 10 municipal corporations.
a recent note by the finance department revealed that only 45  of its total allocation of rs three lakh crore was utilised.
the state's budgetary outlay for year 2016-17 was rs 3.
04 lakh crore.
however, the actual funds received by all the departments stood at rs 2.
06 lakh crore.
as per the note, out of this total amount of rs 2.
06 lakh crore, rs 1.
38 lakh crore was spent on various schemes, which stood at 45.
63 per cent of the total outlay.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra government is keen on buying the iconic air india building in south mumbai, a senior official said wednesday.
the 23-storey tower on marine drive in nariman point area was the national carrier's headquarters till 2013 when it was vacated as part of asset-monetisation plans.
bhushan gagrani, principal secretary in the chief minister's office, said the government has submitted a bid for the premium property which has 5 lakh square feet of space.
the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is another bidder, the senior ias officer said.
gagrani told pti that chief minister devendrafadnavis has formed a committee headed by the chief secretary.
it has been tasked with negotiating the sale price if the government wins the bid, he said.
there are a lot of state government and psu offices scattered across the city, operating from rented premises.
shifting all of them to the air india building will save the government a lot of money, he said.
the building served as the corporate headquarters for air india until 2013 when the head office was shifted to new delhi.
the air india building, which is spread over 220,000 sq.
ft, has several vacant floors overlooking the arabian sea which have been rented out to the directorate general of shipping, state bank of india, and tata consultancy services ltd.to a query, gagrani said the jawaharlal nehru port trust (jnpt) was not part of the bidding process.
earlier, union shipping minister nitin gadkari had said the air india building will be sold to jnpt.
the proceeds from the sale of the building will be used to pay off a part of the airlines' debt, another official said.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis this evening welcomed the release of indian solider chandu chavan, who hails from dhule district of north maharashtra.
very happy that our brave son from dhule, maharashtra #chanduchavan returns back to india.
sincere thanks to goi for the great efforts!
, the cm tweeted.
chandu babulal chavan (22), posted with 37 rashtriya rifles, had mistakenly crossed the boundary in kashmir hours after india's surgical strikes on terrorist bases across the loc last september.
he was arrested by pakistani authorities.
chavan belongs to bor vihir village in dhule district.
mumbai: ending days of suspense over the possibility of a tie-up with bjp for civic polls in mumbai and elsewhere in maharashtra, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on thursday said his party would contest the upcoming elections to municipal corporations and zilla parishads on its own.
the talks between the ruling alliance partners bjp and shiv sena for the tie-up for all-important municipal corporation of greater mumbai had reached a dead-end in the last few days.
i am ready to go solo, the shiv sainiks are ready to go solo.
i want strong foot-soldiers with me who have the courage to launch a frontal attack and not back-stab.
once i have taken my decision, i do not want anybody to question it, thackeray said while addressing a gathering of party workers in the evening.
if you promise to stand by me, i have taken the decision to go solo in maharashtra.
i will not go to anybodys door with a begging bowl for an alliance and wont be at anybodys mercy.
i have decided that there will be no alliance for any of the municipal corporation or zilla parishad polls, thackeray said.
the decision is only confined to elections across 10 municipal corporations and 25 zilla parishads, leaders from both parties said.
sena will continue it alliance with the bjp at the centre and state.
mumbai cricket association mca donates one crore rupees to chief minister devendrafadnavis for cm relief fund by hands of players ajinkya rahane and rohit sharma at wankhede stadium in mumbai on sunday.
| ptinew delhi: sports minister vijay goel gave away arjuna awards to cricketers rohit sharma and ajinkya rahane at a function held at jawaharlal nehru stadium here on friday.
rohit sharma was given the arjuna award for the year 2015 and ajinkya rahane for 2016.
sharma and rahane could not earlier receive the arjuna awards from the president as they were participating in international tournaments, a press information bureau release said.
speaking on the occasion goel said that while there is no doubt that cricket is among the most popular games in india, the current government under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi is committed to promote indigenous and other sports as well.
he added that the recent successes of athletes at the ongoing rio paralympics have made every indian proud.
the arjuna awards, instituted in 1961, are given to sportspersons for consistently outstanding performance for four years preceding the year of award and who have also shown qualities of leadership, sportsmanship and a sense of discipline.
the awardees are given a statuette, a certificate, ceremonial dress and award money of rs.5 lakh.
farmers spilling milk on the road during their state-wide strike over various demands at a village in ahmednagar maharashtra on thursday.
| file photo by ptinashik: the first meeting of the new steering committee, comprising representatives of various farmers' groups, today resolved to amplify their protests across maharashtra if their demands, including a complete loan waiver, are not accepted by the state government by june 11.
a number of farmer leaders, including swabhimani shetkari sanghatna (sss) president and mp raju shetti, raghunath patil, mla bachhu kadu, maharashtra kisan sabha (mks) members ajit navle and raju desale, participated in the meeting held here in the afternoon.
shetti, whose sss is an ally of the bjp-led nda government in maharashtra and who led a atmaklesh yatra (repentance march) of farmers last month, has stressed the need to take farmers' struggle to the national level.
he sought support of all opposition parties for the implementation of the swaminathan committee report.
shetti alleged that only traders and middlemen profited from the flawed tur purchase policy of the state government.
shetti, who represents the hatkanangle lok sabha seat in kolhapur district, said he would be visiting madhya pradesh, where the ongoing agitation by farmers has taken a violent turn, with the death of five farmers in alleged police firing.
farmers in maharashtra launched an unprecedented stir on june 1 which has affected the supply of milk and vegetables in major urban centres including mumbai.
while refraining from selling their agricultural produce in many parts of the state, the cultivators took to the streets to disrupt the movement of vehicles carrying farm produce to cities such as mumbai, pune, nashik.
among prominent demands raised by farmers are a complete loan waiver, a guaranteed minimum support price (msp) for their produce, and implementation of the swaminathan committee report.
the measure is to come into effect by october 31.
however, protests continued as another section of farmers stuck to its demand for a blanket loan waiver.
at the meeting, navle said farmers will start holding thiyya andolan (sit-in protest) outside tehsil offices and district collectorates across the state from june 12.
if our demands are not met by june 11, farmers will resort to 'thiyya andolan' june 12 onwards.
farmers will start holding protests like rasta roko, rail roko across the state on june 13 onwards, he said.
farmers from nashik district, which has emerged as the new epicentre of protests after puntamba in ahmednagar district, are demanding scrapping of the proposed 701-km mumbai-nagpur samruddhi expressway project.
meanwhile, agricultural produce marketing committees (apmcs) in nashik district have started receiving supply of vegetables and fruits from farmers, after days of shortage.
supply of milk has also become normal now.
addressing the meeting, bacchu kadu said farmers will not let ministers in maharashtra address meetings in the state during the second stage of agitation if their demands are not met.
we will take our struggle to the national level, he said, adding that 70 leaders of various farmers' organisations participated in today's meeting of the steering committee.
meanwhile, soaring prices of vegetables and fruits in mumbai and some other cities are slowly getting plateaued with increased inflow of agricultural produce.
substantial inflow of vegetables and fruits in pune, navi mumbai and vashi agricultural produce market committees (apmcs) has somewhat stabilised their prices in the last two days, according to official sources.
yesterday, security was stepped up outside houses of legislators and mps of the ruling bjp after agitating farmers put a lock outside the house of r t deshmukh, the party mla from majalgaon in beed district.
mumbai: as doctors continue to abstain from work across major civic hospitals in mumbai, thousands of patients have been left to suffer and go through a lot of inconvenience at public hospitals as surgeries have been cancelled and patients are being turned away from out patient departments (opd).
mass leave is creating a lot of problems, patients cannot be left alone.
doctors should abide by their duties.
it is not considerable, said a relative of a patient in mumbai.
my wife is suffering burn injuries and its been four days now.
she is not being treated, relative of one of the patients outside sion hospital told ani.
an old man, who had suffered a stroke and was sent back after basic treatment, said, we have undergone some tests.
but there are no doctors.
we have been called back after two days.
meanwhile, the bombay high court will today hear the junior doctors' mass leave matter.
the high court yesterday asked the doctors to resume their duties immediately.
the court came heavily on the protesting doctors and asked its representative body the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) to ask all doctors to resume their duties immediately else it would be contempt of court as the doctors organisation has given an undertaking that it would not go on strike.
the court also directed chief minister devendrafadnavis government and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to provide adequate security to doctors in all hospitals all over mumbai and maharashtra.
the doctors are on strike due to the recent incidents of violence against them.
this protest comes in the wake of attack on one of the doctors by a patient's relatives earlier on saturday.
she, however, maintained that the spot where she was sitting was safe.
after the video circulated, amruta fadnavis had faced trolling on twitter for allegedly taking a selfie in a risky way.
#watch: amruta fadnavis, wife of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis , being cautioned by security personnel onboard india's first domestic cruise angria.
she had crossed the safety range of the cruise ship.
pic.
twitter.com/yyc47glkhd  ani (@ani) october 21, 2018she was attending the inauguration of domestic cruise liner angriya here on october 20.
the spot where i clicked selfie was not dangerous because there were two more steps below, she told a marathi news channel today.
if anyone thinks i have made some mistake, then i apologise for it, she said.
i want to tell the youth that they should not take excessive risk to take a selfie, she added.
pune: anti-corruption activist anna hazare today said that his next movement will be against liquor menace and for bringing a strong law for prohibition.
liquor menace is ruining the families and women, who are the real sufferers due to the menace.
we want a complete ban on liquor.
after rti act, my next fight will be against liquor and bringing a strong act to prohibit the sale and consumption of liquor, said hazare, who was here to attend an event organised by a city-based ngo.
the gandhian said the draft of an act against liquor was almost ready, which will be presented to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the cm is also positive about constituting a strong act, he said.
on the occasion, hazare also sought help from madhav godbole, former union home secretary, who was present at the event to extend help in making the draft more stronger.
mumbai: the opposition congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp) on sunday made it clear that the crop loan waiver would be their prime demand during the budget session of maharashtra legislature starting march 6.
leaders from the two parties also called on governor ch vidyasagar rao in the evening to push the demand.
the shiv sena too said that it was firm on its demand of complete crop loan waiver, even as chief minister devendrafadnavis reiterated the government's stand that the farmers need to be financially empowered before going in for the crop loan waiver to make the step more effective.
we firmly believe that empowering farmers would help them to come out of the vicious cycle of crop loans in the long run.
this is the sustainable and long-term solution.
we have taken several measures in that direction.
opposition leaders also made it clear that it would not be possible for them to bring the no-trust motion due to lack of numbers.
looking at the dip in cm's credibility, we appeal to them to face the trust motion once again, leader of opposition in legislative council dhananjay munde said, while addressing the media on sunday.
shiv sena ministers addressed a separate press conference after cm fadnavis addressed the media.
senior sena leader and environment minister ramdas kadam demanded that the government should bring in an amendment to open up state cabinet meetings for journalists and lokayukta to bring in transparency in the state government's decision-making.
he, however, made it clear while replying to a query that all the shiv sena ministers had kept their resignation letters away.
it may be recalled that kadam had said a few days back that he and a few other ministers were carrying their resignation letters.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra congress president balasaheb thorat called on ncp chief sharad pawar on wednesday to discuss preparation for the upcoming assembly elections.
the visit comes on a day when three mlas from the ncp and one from the congress joined the ruling bjp.
talking to reporters after the meeting, thorat said, pawar saheb is a senior leader of the alliance and we discussed election preparation.
replying to a question whether the mns would join the congress-ncp alliance, he said the issue was not discussed during the meeting.
thorat refused to elaborate on the seat-sharing formula for the state polls.
the three ncp mlas who switched their loyalties are shivendraraje bhosale from satara, sandeep naik from airoli in navi mumbai, and vaibhav pichad from akole in ahmednagar district.
the lone congress mla is kalidas kolambkar from wadala in mumbai.
the bjp might field the four in the assembly elections due later this year, depending on how the seat-sharing deal between the bjp and ally shiv sena shapes up, sources in the saffron party said.
also read | bjp, shiv sena will contest maharashtra assembly polls together, says cm fadnavisthe mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
vaibhav pichad's father and former state tribal development minister madhukar pichad, also attended the function.
pichad senior enjoys good relations with congress turncoat and current housing minister radhakrishna vikhe patil of the bjp.
pichad and kolambkar have generally contested against shiv sena candidates in past elections, except in 2014, when the sena and the bjp had contested separately in all the 288 assembly seats, a bjp leader said.
sandeep naik is the son of ncp strongman and former minister from navi mumbai, ganesh naik.
kolambkar, a seven-term lawmaker at present, was originally with the shiv sena before joining the congress.
bhosale, who belongs to the royal house of chhatrapati shivaji, is locked in a turf war in satara with his cousin udayanraje bhosale, the ncp mp from satara.
also read | 'i am loyal to sharad pawar', says ncp mp sunil tatkare amid party mlas joining bjpthe sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party (ncp) has been hit by a string of desertions with many party leaders either joining the bjp or the shiv sena.
on sunday, pawar accused the ruling bjp of misusing probe agencies and state-run financial bodies to compel the opposition leaders to join their fold.
the mlas and other leaders who quit the congress and the ncp have taken the stand that they were joining the bjp or sena to ensure the development of their constituencies.
senior bjp leader and maharashtra water resources minister girish mahajan recently claimed that at least 50 mlas of the congress and the ncp were in touch with the bjp to switch over ahead of the polls.
in the 2014 elections, the bjp won 122 seats and the shiv sena 63.
the congress and the ncp had won 42 and 41 seats, respectively.
guwahati: the junior doctors of guwahati medical college hospital (gmch), who staged a demonstration to express solidarity with the agitating medical fraternity of maharashtra, have demanded a centralized act to prevent violence against doctors.
the junior doctors extended support to their colleagues in maharashtra by wearing helmets during working hours in the hospital.
the incidents of violence against doctors are increasing.
not only in maharashtra but such incidents are also on the rise in assam.
we need a centralized act to prevent violence against doctors, dr tinku pratim, the president of junior doctors association, told ani.
dr kaushik bhuyan, the advisor to junior doctors association, echoing similar sentiments called for a centralized act to end such incidents.
violence on doctors is increasing day by day.
if we go by data, india figures in the top 10 as far as violence against doctors is concerned.
this will increase if we do not communicate with the people and the society.
awareness is very much needed.
so, we need a centralized act, he said.
also medical services at government-run hospitals in delhi were severely hit as over 20,000 doctors proceeded on mass casual leave yesterday in solidarity with their counterparts in maharashtra.
resident doctors from around 40 government hospitals, including rml, lady hardinge medical college, safdarjung hospital stayed away from work, while those at aiims continued with their protest against assaults on doctors by wearing helmets at work for the second day.
despite assurance from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on enhancing security for doctors in hospitals and the bombay high court's order to resume work immediately, over 4000 protesting doctors refused to resume their services yesterday.
the court asked the doctors to resolve their issues amicably with the government.
backing resident doctors, the medical teachers' association has threatened mass resignation if their demands are not fulfilled within two days.
the indian medical association, which has around 2.
7 lakh members across the country, has also supported the strike.
union health minister j p nadda also appealed to the doctors to get back to work and asked states to take measures to improve security of doctors.
by ptimumbai: the maharashtra state backward class commission submitted on thursday its report on social and economic conditions of the maratha community to state chief secretary d k jain.
according to a government source, the report has made favourable recommendations on the demands of the maratha community for reservation in government jobs and educational institutions, without disturbing the quota granted to other backward classes (obc).
we have received the report, which is based on the economic, social conditions of the marathas.
an appropriate decision will be taken after studying it, jain told reporters at mantralaya after receiving the report.
a government source said the commission went through 2 lakh memorandums submitted to it, surveys of about 45,000 families as well as empirical data on the social, financial and educational backwardness of the maratha community.
the commission went through old historical records, old verdicts, studied constitutional provision, writings by a noted anthropologist, sociologist irawati karve and several organisations like pune's gokhale institute of politics and economics and others, the source said.
the panel is headed by justice n g gaikwad (retired).
a senior cabinet minister of the bjp said the party cannot afford to lose their core base, the obcs, ahead of the lok sabha and state assembly polls next year.
the government has to provide the maratha community 16 per cent reservation.
we cannot go below that.
however currently, 52 per cent quota is in place.
therefore, the total reservation will go up to 68 per cent, the minister said.
he further said the government is expecting that those opposing the decision will approach the high court after the cabinet gives nod to the recommendations and tables it in the legislative assembly during its winter session.
if the court admits the plea, but does not stay the decision, like in the case of tamil nadu, then we can go ahead with it.
the problem will arise if the court gives a stay order ahead of the elections, the minister said.
in july this year, the government had announced 16 per cent reservation for the marathas in 72,000 government jobs which were later stayed following protests.
on june 25, 2014, months before the assembly polls, the then congress-ncp government under then chief minister prithviraj chavan had announced 16 per cent reservation quota in government jobs and in educational institutions for marathas and five per cent quotas for the muslim community.
however, on november 14, 2014, the bombay high court stayed the government decision and on november 18, 2014, the supreme court had declined to vacate the hc stay.
maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis along with maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar during a pannel discussion held after announcing maharashtra budget in mumbai on saturday.
(photo | pti)mumbai: maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar today claimed that the ongoing farmers' agitation is the result of many years of political apathy.
there is no question of studying the issue of loan waiver now (any further) because the chief minister has himself announced it.
the government will announce (details of) waiver before october 31, mungantiwar told reporters in mumbai.
for many years there has been indifferent attitude towards agriculture.
the political apathy has resulted in this stir.
this agitation is not against the (present) government, the bjp leader claimed.
while the government intends to provide a loan waiver, it first wants to provide farmers with facilities to enhance production and bring them within the institutional credit net, he said.
watch video:asked about opposition's allegation that chief minister devendrafadnavis has been left to fend for himself and his colleagues are not supporting him during the ongoing stir, mungantiwar said, the cm is not alone.
you cannot take the whole cabinet along to discuss a particular issue.
but before taking a decision, the cm takes all his ministers into confidence.
nagpur: an 11-day campaign to highlight 'plight' of farmers was launched from the second capital of maharashtra here commemorating the birth anniversary of the social reformer jyotirao phule.
the campaign named as asud (hunter) yatra was organised by prahaar sanghatna of independent mla bachhu kadu and the shetkari sanghatna.
the yatra, started from the hometown of chief minister devendrafadnavis here, will culminate at vadnagar in gujarat, the birthplace of prime minister narendra modi on april 21, said kadu who represents achlapur constituency in amravati district, who is coordinating the programme.
shetkarayacha aasud (cultivator's whipcord) was one of the accomplished works of phule, the noted social reformer in 19th century.
the mla said that various organisations of farmers from across the country will participate in the yara, which will cover wardha, yavatmal, nanded, parbhani, beed, latur, osmanabad, solapur, sangli, kolhapur, satara, pune, ahmednagar, nasik, dhule, and nandurbar towns in maharashtra before crossing into gujarat.
the yatra will visit ahmedabad before it concludes at vadnagar in mehsana district.
kadu said that around 1,000 farmers will donate their blood at vadnagar on the day of culmination to draw the government's attention to the farmers' issues.
a fleet of buses carrying hundreds of people moved out as part of the yatra.
lashing out at narendra modi government, kadu said 'khoon le lo par jaan mat lo' (take blood but not life).
prime minister narendra modi during his 'chai pe charcha' in yavatmal had promised that the minimum support price (msp) will be fixed to ensure 50 per cent profit in the cost of production for farmers.
he alleged that the farmers are not even getting 15 per cent of the msp price.
while baba ramdev can export his goods to 250 countries, there is a ban on the export of the farmers' produce.
while there is a ban on exporting cotton, tur and soybean, there is no prohibition on export of textiles, kadu said, adding that government should lift the ban on export.
referring to the sangharsh yatra taken out jointly by the congress and ncp in maharashtra recently, kadu said had congress implemented the recommendations given by swaminathan commission on agriculture when it was in power, the need to organise the sangharsh yatra would not have arisen.
on the opposition's demand for waiving loans of farmers, he said, a loan waiver is a short-term relief and not a long-term solution.
still, this relief should be extended to farmers to provide them a temporary relief to their problems.
kadu alleged that the congress and the bjp had always pursued the policy of 'satta aali tar vyapari aani satta geli tar shetkari' (.
.
.
'remember farmers only for sake of power and cater to traders after assuming power'.
)he claimed that around 50 to 60 organisations of farmers will participate in the yatra.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and all cabinet ministers on tuesday decided to donate their one-month salary towards the chief minister' relief fund in view of devastation caused by floods.
this amount will be utilised for providing relief and facilitating rehabilitation of those affected by floods, said an official from the chief minister's office (cmo).
as many as 43 people have lost their lives in floods and rain-related incidents in maharashtra.
floods had caused large-scale destruction in kolhapur and sangli districts of western maharashtra, besides affecting satara, pune and solapur districts.
thane, nashik, palghar, ratnagiri, raigad and sindhudurg districts had also received heavy rains.
ministers of state yogesh sagar and vidya thakur, assembly speaker haribhau bagade were among the first to donate their salaries.
separately, mumbai congress leader milind deora has appealed to party leaders, including incumbent and former mps, legislators, corporators from mumbai to donate their one-month salary/pension for the flood relief.
the mumbai congress will be sending trucks of relief material to the flood-affected areas in the next few days.
meanwhile, help in cash and kind is pouring in for the flood victims from various quarters.
harman finodchem ltd. has donated rs 51 lakh while gurudwara board takht sachkhand shri huzur abchal nagar sahib, nanded, has provided food and medical assistance in kolhapur and sanglichhatrapati sambhajiraje sakhar udyog has donated rs 10.
51 lakh, super agriculture produce market committee contributed rs 11 lakh and aurangabad district cooperative milk producer union rs 25 lakh, the cmo official said.
maharashtra unit of the bjp had already decided to adopt flood-hit villages in western maharashtra and konkan regions.
state bjp president chandrakant patil had on monday asked bjp leaders from the level of sarpanchs to mlas and mlcs to donate their one-month salary or wages for the relief work.
he also appealed to bjp workers to donate minimum amount of rs 100 for the cause.
he was speaking during a public interview at the inaugural session of the 16th jagatik marathi sammelan (global marathi convention) here.
the chief minister was asked whether india will see a maharashtrian prime minister by 2050.
no maharashtrian leader has become prime minister of the country yet.
why not, of course we will see.
.
.
if anyone has really ruled india, the entire india, in real sense, it is the maharashtrians, and we have the capability to reach attock, he said.
attock, now in pakistan, was briefly conquered by maratha armies in the 18th century.
hence i fully believe that by 2050 we will see not one but more than one maharashtrians in the highest post in the country, he said.
by ptimumbai: the mumbai-bengaluru national highway, which was closed since last six days due to flooding, was partially opened for traffic in maharashtra's kolhapur district on monday after the water receded, an official said.
traffic movement was allowed between kolhapur and belgaum in karnataka through one lane on shiroli bridge of the six-lane nh-4, where thousands of vehicles were stuck after the busy highway was submerged in floodwaters last week.
the water level has come down and shiroli bridge can be used for vehicular movement.
we have so far decided to open only one lane on either side of the national highway as a precautionary measure, kolhapur's superintendent of police abhinav deshmukh said.
there was still some water flowing over the bridge, but it was expected to recede as the continuous discharge of water from almatti dam in neighbouring karnataka was on, an official at the kolhapur collectorate said.
kolhapur and sangli districts have been battling unprecedented floods since last eight days following heavy rains in konkan and western parts of the state where 40 people have lost their lives in the deluge.
the water level of the panchganga river, a major tributary of the krishna river, flowing through kolhapur came down by almost one foot overnight, but it was still flowing at the danger mark of 49 feet, the official said.
also read | maharashtra flood toll rises to 40; amit shah conducts aerial surveyrains have stopped in the panchganga's catchment areas but some discharge is still going on from dams into the river.
once the water level goes down further, roads in kolhapur will be opened for vehicular movement, he said.
over five lakh cusec of water was being discharged from almatti dam on the krishna river in karnataka to ease the flood situation in western maharashtra, he added.
union home minister amit shah on sunday conducted an aerial survey of the flood-hit areas in satara, sangli and kolhapur districts.
around 105 teams of the army, air force, navy, national disaster response force (ndrf), the coast guard, state disaster response force (sdrf), police and local officials were carrying out rescue operations in the western maharashtra region, officials said.
while 54 rescue teams were deployed in kolhapur, 51 were working in sangli, they said.
nearly 4.
48 lakh people were so far evacuated from flood-hit areas across the state, including 4.
04 lakh from kolhapur and sangli.
they were shifted to 372 temporary camps and shelters, a senior state official said on sunday.
members of the muslim community from sangli and kolhapur decided to celebrate the festival of eid-al-adha on monday without fanfare, and donate for the flood victims.
pune: nearly three years after a massive landslide swallowed up entire malin village in pune district along with 151 of its residents, the village now stands rehabilitated at a new location nearby.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today handed over keys of newly-constructed houses to the kin of the deceased who lost their life in the tragedy in july 2014.
terming the rehabilitation work as a phenomenal transformation and revival which will act as the model for all future works, fadnavis dedicated the rehabilitated village, spread on 8-acre land in amde village, to its residents.
the rehabilitated village is located two kms away from the original malin village.
the malin village of nearly 50 families, located in the foothills of sahyadri mountain range, had disappeared within a minute in the landslide in july 2014.
the chief minister said 12 government organisations and departments, around 2,508 officials and employees, 13 ngos and over 700 activists had worked together to make the dream of villagers true.
any tragedy is unfortunate and after any disaster, the government, the administration, the society and people from all walks of life come together to fight the disaster, and that time the intensity of the catastrophe lessens.
this is what happened with malin, he said.
the newly-built 67 houses are earthquake-resistant.
the malin rehabilitation work is the model for all future works as it is done with maximum sensitivity.
we are also working on five other villages in the region, which too are in a danger zone.
we assure all possible support to the people, he said.
each house, made up of steel and concrete, has the carpet area of 450 sq feet.
the chief minister also paid homage to the victims of the catastrophe.
apart from houses, a school, a gram panchayat office, a public health centre, public toilets and a boundary wall for the village too were constructed.
mahadeshwar received 171 votes with 218 out of 227 corporators participating in the voting procedure.
sixteen corporators abstained from voting while eight corporators were absent from the meeting and one was not present inside the civic hall at the time of voting.
shiv sena has 84 corporators of its own and was supported by five independents.
the bjp has 82 corporators in the house.
this adds up to 171.
the mns has seven corporators who abstained, while the ncps nine and the sps two corporators remained neutral.
mahadeshwar, a three-time corporator from bandra was the principal of raje sambhaji junior college.
he has been a member of the education committee in one of his earlier terms.
his last term had ended abruptly after an intense court battle over the validity of his caste certificate.
this time he has won from a non-reserved ward.
however, controversies are still looming large.
at least two petitions have been filed against him by opposition candidates.
one petition raises fingers that he is a beneficiary of the corporation, as his junior college received funds from the corporations education department.
the other petition has raised questions on his residence that is claimed to be a rented property.
shiv senas hemangi worlikar was elected as the deputy mayor of the city.
this is the first time that both the posts have gone to the shiv sena, which has won the mayors crown for the fifth term in row.
despite a show of unison, the tension was palpable between the bjp and the shiv sena corporators.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today dismissed the rumours of shortage of salt in the state and directed district collectors to take action against those spreading it.
there have been rumours of salt shortage since yesterday but situation in entire state is normal.
there is no shortage of salt in any dist (sic), the chief minister tweeted.
cm @dev_fadnavis directs all the collectors to take strict measures to ensure there's no panic and act against those spreading rumours, the cmo maharashtra said in a tweet.
dept asked all dist supply officers to ensure there's no hoarding of salt or any essential commodity & no inconvenience be caused to people, the cmo maharashtra added.
there were rumours about some shop owners selling salt at rs 700 per kg in eastern suburbs in mumbai.
police had yesterday stepped in to dispel rumours about steep hike in prices of essential commodities including salt.
mumbai: kicking off his party's campaign barely a week before february 21 civic elections, mns chief raj thackeray today accused his estranged cousin uddhav of wanting to usurp mumbai mayor's official residence in the guise of a memorial for the late bal thackeray.
balasaheb's name is being bandied about (by shiv sena) merely to usurp the mayor's bungalow (near shivaji park ground) in mumbai, raj said here this evening, addressing a campaign rally, his first for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation polls.
raj cited son amit's illness for joining the campaign late.
he attacked bjp and shiv sena over what he called the two parties' cock fight ahead of the polls and said the voters should not fall prey to their advertising gimmick.
sena and bjp are ruling the city for 25 years now.
have you ever asked where is the money gone?
no.
only i will be subjected to criticism.
i will be asked about the works done in nashik.
i will be asked about my blueprint of development.
but when i deliver on promises, no one is interested to see it, he said.
raj enumerated works done by mns-ruled nashik municipal corporation and asked voters to give him a chance to replicate the `nashik model' in mumbai.
when prime minister narendra modi announced demonetisation, he had said the new year would see new india.
i am searching for that new india since january.
the move which was welcome by everyone initially, is now turning out be making no difference to poor, middle-class and upper middle class.
the only difference is people now stand in queues outside banks, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had promised rs 6,500 crore to kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation.
those voters have not got even rs six till now, he said.
he was interacting with some 10,000 students from 140 schools and colleges in mumbai, an event organised by a private organisation here.
there is a global slowdown.
in the last five years, we were the fastest-growing economy in the world.
for four years, we were able to insulate ourselves.
but this year we are feeling the heat, he said.
gst (goods and services tax) has made evasion of tax impossible.
we are also in the process of cleaning up the banking system.
we will regain our position (as fastest growing economy) in the next three to six months, he claimed.
anybody can come in through official channels.
but those coming in illegally have grabbed opportunities of indians.
they are also involved in anti-social, anti-national activities, he said.
on the education sector in the state, he said maharashtra's rank had risen from 18 in 2014 to 3 now.
by animumbai: the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) declared maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis's 'varsha' bungalow a defaulter as his water bill dues are pending.
the total amount of the bill pending is around rs 7,44,981, according to bmc.
apart from fadnavis, names of 18 maharashtra ministers are also in the list of defaulters, as they are yet to clear their water bill dues.
among those ministers in the list of defaulters are -- sudhir mungantiwar, vinod tawde, pankaja munde, ramdas kadam and eknath shinde.
till last year, the government was giving a bonus of rs 200 per quintal for paddy, the key kharif crop.
the previous government gave bonus only around the time of elections.
there is a demand for a hike in paddy crop bonus.
the government has decided to increase the bonus from rs 200to rs 500 per quintal, he added.
to woo distressed farmers ahead of the general polls, the nda government at the centre had last year hiked the minimum support price (msp) of paddy by a sharp rs 200 per quintal for the 2018-19 crop year.
with that decision, the msp of paddy (common grade) was increased to rs 1,750 per quintal.
also, fishing contracts will be allocated only to fishing cooperative societies, he said.
by ptimumbai: right to information (rti) activists in maharashtra have alleged that bureaucrats are not publishing rti queries and their responses on official websites despite an order from the state government.
the officials are also not following the direction to allow inspection of public records, said rti activist and former central information commissioner shailesh gandhi friday.
a signature campaign has been launched to draw chief minister devendra fadnavis' attention to this non-compliance of the government's own orders, gandhi told pti.
we have decided to collect signatures of 1,000 activists and citizens from across the state and present them to the chief minister, he said.
as per a `government resolution' (gr) of august 25, 2015, all public authorities are supposed to upload the rti queries they receive and the responses to them on their websites.
another gr, issued on november 26, 2018, directs all public authorities to allow inspection of public records at government offices between 3 pm to 5 pm every monday.
gandhi said these directives were very laudable, but they were not being implemented.
if these grs are implemented properly, it would reduce the number of rti applications considerably, make it impossible for anyone to blackmail (by threatening to file rti query) and also improve transparency, he said.
we want to apprise the chief minister about it so that he issues a directive to all government departments to implement these two grs, he said.
gandhi also said they wanted to bring to fadnavis' notice illegal and anti-democratic practise of denigrating or banning rti users at some government offices.
coercive, defamatory and illegal methods are used to stop citizens from using their fundamental right (to obtain information), said gandhi, who was a cic from 2008 to 2012.
there were numerous instances where officials issued illegal circulars calling rti users blackmailers or extortionists, refusing to give them information or banning them from government offices, he said.
the boat accident was unfortunate.
due to the timely help and assistance provided by the indian navy and the coast guard, a major accident was averted.
pawar was an activist of shiv sangram paksha headed by vinayak mete, the chairman of a supervisory committee monitoring the construction of the shivaji statue.
the state government had claimed that the statue of chhatrapati shivaji, coming up on an island in the arabian sea, would be the tallest in the world.
the incident occurred when the boat, carrying some officials of the state government and supporters of mete, apart from others, was on its way to the site of the proposed memorial.
two helicopters and rescue boats were deployed for rescue operations.
a survivor has claimed that the incident occurred after the boat hit a rocky patch in the prongs reef lighthouse area in sea, which is the southernmost tip of mumbai.
he also said the error of judgement by the skipper of the ill-fated twin-engine boat could have caused the incident.
meanwhile, the congress too has termed the incident as extremely unfortunate and suspicious.
it seems that shivaji maharaj doesn't want the present government to build his memorial, said leader of opposition in state legislative assembly radhakrisha vikhe patil.
he said the bjp-led government has been misusing the name of the 17th century maratha king to make false promises to the people.
state unit congress chief ashok chavan demanded a probe into the mishap which he said seems suspicious.
yesterday, vinayak mete, who heads the committee to set up the statue, had alleged irregularities in the tender process.
and today the accident occurred which led to cancellation of the work ceremony.
this is suspicious, he said and wondered that if the accident was meant to silence mete.
senior ncp leader dhananjay munde also demanded a probe to fix responsibility.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: thirteen new ministers were inducted into the maharashtra cabinet on sunday.
while 13 new members were drafted into the cabinet, five sitting ministers were dropped.
it had been widely speculated that lokayuktas strictures against housing minister prakash mehta, coupled with a need to accommodate new members of the bjp and ally shiv sena in the cabinet, prompted the much-awaited expansion of fadnavis team.
also read | radhakrishna vikhe patil's arch-rival thorat named clp leader in maharashtra assemblyas was expected, former leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil, who rebelled against the congress and switched to the bjp after his son sujay was denied a ticket for the lok sabha elections, and ncp legislator jaidutta kshirsagar, who joined the shiv sena a month ago, were both inducted as ministers.
others to be inducted into the cabinet include bjp leaders ashish shelar (mumbai), anil bonde (amravati), sanjay kute (buldhana), ashok uike (yavatmal), parinay phuke (bhandara), atul save (aurangabad), suresh khade (sangli), sanjay beghde (maval) and yogesh sagar (mumbai), rpi(a)s avinash mahatekar (munbai) and shiv senas tanaji sawant (yavatmal).
also read | with ashish shelar's elevation in fadnavis cabinet, bjp begins hunt for mumbai unit headfive of the 13 new ministers hail from vidarbha, while three each are from mumbai and western maharashtra.
marathwada got two cabinet berths and north maharashtra got a lone berth.
among those who have tendered their resignations are three cabinet ministers  prakash mehta (housing), vishnu savra (tribal development) and rajkumar badole (social justice)  and two ministers of state  raje ambarish atram (tribal development) and dilip kamble (social justice).
all are from the bjp.
all fared well as ministers.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: junking the reports of discord between the ruling saffron alliance over seat-sharing, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on saturday confirmed the alliance is intact and asserted that it should return to power after the upcoming assembly election in maharashtra.
the alliance is atal (inevitable).
the yuti (saffron alliance) will return to power in the state once again after polls.
i am glad that pm modi is providing facilities for the growing population in the state, thackeray said while speaking at the mmrda convention centre at bandra where pm modi laid the foundation to three new metro routes.
we want power no doubt about it.
but, we are not hungry for it.
we dont want the power just for the sake of it.
but, we need it for developing the state, thackeray said while confirming that the alliance would sustain in the state.
reports, earlier this week, had suggested that both the principal parties of the saffron alliance have toughened their stand and may contest separately to repeat the 2014 scenario.
seat allocation to smaller allies of the alliance, like union minister ramdas athawale's republican party of india (a), too was said to be a contentious issue between the bjp and the shiv sena.
however, thackeray undid the speculations by mentioning athawale, who too was present at the occasion, as an important constituent of the alliance.
thackeray profoundly thanked modi for the achievements of the government including the abrogation of article 370 of the constitution.
im proud that the dream preserved by crores of indians is now a reality.
i thank prime minister narendra modi for that, thackeray said.
im sure in a similar manner the ram mandir at ayodhya too would be built and the uniform civil code too will be brought in, thackeray added while emphasizing that the government is fulfilling all the promises made to the people before the election.
chief minister devendrafadnavis who was present at the occasion clapped instantaneously as thackeray mentioned the alliance.
mentioning that, thackeray suggested that pm modi should note this.
of the total 288 seats, the bjp and the sena have agreed to allocate 18 seats to smaller allies, but a formal deal is yet to be finalised.
mumbai: former congress mla krishna hegde and bollywood actor dalip tahil joined bjp ahead of bmc elections slated for february 21.
the duo joined bjp in presence of maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit chief raosaheb danve at the cm's official residence varsha in south mumbai late last night.
asked about reason for his leaving congress, hegde said the 'autocratic behaviour' of mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam was responsible for his decision.
i tried to point out to party leadership about how nirupam was damaging the party.
however, no cognisance was taken of my plea, hegde, who represented vile parle assembly constituency said.
i am a second generation congressman.
nirupam has ruined the party, he said.
congress won't get more than 25 of the total 227 seats in the bmc polls, he said.
by ptimumbai: anil gote, a rebel bjp legislator from dhule, said friday that he will campaign against the bjp in north maharashtra.
gote, who is still a bjp mla as his resignation is yet to be accepted by the maharashtra assembly speaker, said he will campaign against the saffron party in dhule, jalgaon and nashik districts.
read | bjp mla anil gote announces resignation from maharashtra assembly, partyi will start campaigning against the bjp even before the schedule of lok sabha polls is announced, he said, adding that he will ask people to vote for any party but the bjp.
i felt chief minister devendrafadnavis is innocent and will give me justice.
however, he cheated me, gave false promises and supported goons in dhule civic polls, gote alleged.
by iansmumbai: a day after maharashtra state minister girish mahajan faced flak over his 'flood selfies', the ruling bharatiya janata party was again at the receiving end of the opposition on saturday due to pictures of chief minister devendrafadnavis affixed on relief material for flood victims.
stickers with pictures of fadnavis and bjp mla from ichalkaranji, suresh halvankar were affixed on relief material being supplied to lakhs of flood-hit people in sangli and kolhapur.
the stickers say government of maharashtra, free for the families of flood victims of august 2019 floods, rice and wheat - with pictures of both fadnavis and halvankar, along with names of party activists samir shingte and sudhakar bhosale.
read | sardar sarovar dam gates opened, waters recede in flood-hit maharashtraformer congress minister and current mlc satej patil alleged this was an attempt to seek credit for the government and alleged that the bjp workers may have been told fix these stickers secretly on the relief material.
the nationalist congress party (ncp) also lashed out at the bjp for the stickers on relief material and said that the ruling party has crossed all limits of decency and were playing a cruel joke on the flood-hit people in the state.
swabhimani shetkari sanghatana chief raju shetti it was disgusting and that the government will go to any lengths to get publicity.
read | water receding in kolhapur and sangli, relief operations continueit is not proper to advertise like this on government-supplied relief materials.
the people of the state will teach them an appropriate lesson, shetti said.
leader of opposition in legislative council dhananjay munde hit out at the bjp demanding the government should declared what were its real priorities.
they didn't provide aid to the flood-hit for two days so that they could get time to design and print stickers with their pictures on it?
for this show-off, they will keep the people hungry, munde said.
the issue has embarrassed the bjp a day after mahajan's videos clicking selfies while laughing and waving in a jovial manner hit social media on friday.
mumbai: the central committee of chief ministers and experts on demonetisation-related issues headed by n. chandrababu naidu will hold its first formal meeting at the reserve bank of india (rbi) headquarters in mumbai today.
naidu, convener of the committee said that committee will discuss a whole range of issues related to demonetisation, adding that the focus will be on transforming the country to a digital economy.
he also said that encouraging digital payments is the only solution to the current crisis and spreading digital literacy to at least one member of each family is the key.
along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , his odisha, madhya pradesh, sikkim and puducherry counterparts, niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya and amitabh kant ceo, niti aayog are members of the committee.
this come as a united opposition is leaving no stone unturned in taking potshots at the government post the decision on demonetisation.
demanding that this decision should be rolled back for not being implemented properly, the opposition parties have also alleged that this exposed the 'anti-poor' stand of prime minister narendra modi-led government as the general public is the worst hit.
the government has recommended the use of cashless methods of payment not only to tide over the cash shortage being experienced by people due to demonetisation but also to curb corruption and generation of black money in the future.
by ptinagpur: a petition has been filed in the bombay high court against the maharashtra government's alleged move to transfer accounts of police staff and beneficiaries of various schemes from nationalised banks to axis bank, in which chief minister devendra fadnavis's wife holds a senior position.
petitioner mohanish jabalpure, in his plea filed last week, said the state government, through a circular on may 11, 2017, effected transfer of the bank accounts of police officials and beneficiaries of sanjay gandhi niradhar yojana to the private bank.
the petition alleged the chief minister misused his power and promoted axis bank, causing losses to nationalised banks.
the petition is likely to come up for hearing in the nagpur bench of the high court by the end of this month.
jabalpure has prayed for the high court's direction for revocation of the government circular and all approvals, agreements, permissions and actions taken in pursuance of it.
he has also sought a high-level probe into the transactions done following the issuance of the circular, as well as into the agreement between axis bank and the government.
mumbai: prime minister narendra modi on saturday said that his government aimed at benefiting the poor and not the rich as claimed by the opposition.
the prime minister stressed that the government would continue pursuing sound and prudent economic policies for the long-term good benefit of the nation.
we will not shy away from taking difficult decisions, if those decisions are in the interest of the country.
demonetisation is an example.
it has short-term pain but will bring long-term gain, modi said.
in less than three years, this government has transformed the economy.
we have cut the fiscal deficit target.
the current fiscal deficit is low.
even after the redemption of loans taken under the special currency swap in 2013, foreign exchange reserves are high.
inflation is low, running at less than 4 per cent compared to double digit inflation under the previous government.
public investment has increased largely, even while the overall fiscal deficit has been cut.
a new monetary policy framework has been introduced with an inflation target, the prime minister said.
he was speaking after inaugurating the new campus of national institute of securities markets (nism) at patalganga in raigad district on saturday.
modi said that the government was keen to encourage start-ups while asking the markets to cater to the emerging needs of new players.
the true measure of success is the impact in villages, not the impact in dalal street or lutyens delhi, he said.
my aim is to make india a developed country in one generation.
india cannot become a developed country without world-class securities and commodity markets, modi said while appealing the students to contribute more towards achieving this goal.
slogan warshiv sena president uddhav thackeray was present at modis rally at bkc ground.
as the rally started and revenue minister chandrakant patil began his address, the shiv sena workers started souting slogans hailing shiv sena founder balasaheb thackeray.
the bjp workers present at the venue too started retaliating them by counter slogans.
the pitch went so high that patil had to stop his speech.
the trouble was over only after a visibly angry chief minister devendrafadnavis went to the mike and admonished the trouble-makers in harsh terms.
ahmedabad: a helicopter carrying gujarat chief minister vijay rupani made an emergency landing at the ahmedabad airport due to overheating of engine, an airport source said.
the helicopter made the emergency landing at the sardar vallabhbhai patel international airport in the evening, the source said.
the cm was on his way to himmatnagar from umargam when the helicopter's engine started generating heat, forcing the pilot to land at ahmedabad, the nearest airport, he said.
the incident comes days after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a narrow escape when the helicopter carrying him crash landed in latur.
by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government will table in the state assembly the 'action taken report' (atr) on the state backward class commission's recommendations for maratha quota, before introducing a bill to make a provision for the reservation, chief minister devendrafadnavis said tuesday.
the government is committed to providing quota to the maratha community in jobs and education, he asserted while speaking in the assembly.
as per rules under which the state backward class commission has been set up, only the atr on its recommendations is tabled in the house, he said.
this is the 52nd report of the commission and the earlier 51 reports were not tabled in the legislature, he added.
he alleged that the opposition's intention in seeking the commission's report to be made public was to create division among communities in society.
he said the report of tata institute of social sciences (tiss) on reservation to the dhangar (shepherd) reservation was being studied.
read here | maharashtra govt to introduce maratha quota bill on nov 29: chandrakant patilwe will also table the atr of this report.
the reservations of the scheduled tribes (sts) will be protected.
the recommendations of the tiss report will be sent to the centre and reservation would be given without hurting the existing quota for sts, he said.
criticising the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp) over the issue of quota for muslims, fadnavis accused them of trying to mislead the minority community.
52 backward castes among muslims were given reservation by the previous shiv sena-bjp state government (in 90s).
to give reservation, the castes need to be declared as backward first.
those demanding quota should first approach the state backward class commission, and the commission's report will be binding on the government, he said.
our government is providing educational benefits to the backward communities among muslims.
for congress and ncp, muslims are just a vote bank and they never cared for their well-being, he charged.
the opposition members objected to the chief minister's reply and the house had to be adjourned for 10 minutes amid uproarious scenes.
notably, revenue minister chandrakant patil, who heads the cabinet sub-committee on the maratha quota issue, had told reporters on monday that the government will introduce a bill on thursday to provide reservation to marathas under the socially and educationally backward class (sebc) category before the end of the legislature's winter session.
the state legislature's winter session concludes on friday.
after the house reassembled, leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil accused the chief minister of misleading the house.
the opposition members squatted in the well of the house and shouted slogans in support of their demand that reports recommending quotas for maratha and dhangars be tabled in the legislature and five per cent reservation in education to muslims be restored.
vikhe patil said the earlier 51 reports of the state backward class commission were not tabled in the legislature since no demand was made for it.
amid the din, some supplementary demands and nine bills, including amendment to the apmc act and the gst act, were passed by voice vote.
earlier, when the house reassembled at 12.
15 pm after the first two adjournments, vikhe patil demanded tabling of reports recommending reservation for the maratha and dhangar communities and restoring quota for muslims in education.
we need to know the recommendations and what is mentioned in the report.
why is the government's stand ambiguous?
this is an insult to the maratha community, he said.
ncp leader ajit pawar said people want to know what is mentioned in the commission's report.
the situation prevailing now is different from when the previous 51 reports of the backward class commission were prepared, he said.
the opposition members later staged a walkout and the house took up a discussion on the drought situation in the state.
the maratha community, which constitutes over 30 per cent of the state's population, has been demanding quota for a long time and its agitation for the same in july and august this year had taken a violent turn.
by ptimumbai: in the backdrop of unprecedented floods in western maharashtra, karnataka has agreed to release five lakh cusecs water from almatti dam to help affected people in kolhapur and sangli districts, an official said on thursday.
the official from the chief minister's office said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday spoke to his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa, who agreed to release five lakh cusecs water from almatti dam in karnataka.
this will help to bring down the water level in the flood-affected areas in western maharashtra, he said.
also read | nine dead, four missing after rescue boat capsizes in maharashtrafadnavis on thursday conducted an aerial survey to review the flood situation in sangli and kolhapur districts.
he has cancelled his programmes as part of the maha janadesh yatra ahead of assembly elections.
the first phase of the yatra was to conclude on friday in dhule and nandurbar districts of north maharashtra but that has been cancelled, the cmo official said.
also read | schoolgirl washed away in karnataka floods as death toll in belagavi reaches eightaltogether 22 rescue teams are working in kolhapur (ndrf-5, navy-14, coast guard-1, army column-1, sdrf-1), the official said.
in sangli, 11 teams have been deployed (ndrf-8, coast guard-2, army-1), he added.
five more ndrf teams reached pune, of which two teams are on way to kolhapur and two to sangli to assist the local administration in-floor rescue operations.
union home minister amit shah also spoke to fadnavis and assured all help from the centre to tackle flood situation in maharashtra, the official said.
the centre is closely monitoring the situation, he added.
mumbai: swaroop swaminathan of the new indian express was presented the redink best sports feature story award for his piece on mariyappan thangavelu, the rio paralympics gold medallist, by the mumbai press club on wednesday.
the prestigious awards function is one of the handful of platforms to reward excellence in journalism in the country.
instituted by a professional body, it is aimed at raising the bar for news and feature writing.
it also encourages fair play and roots for high ethical standards in media.
the awards function, which took place in the evening at the jamshed bhaba hall of the national centre for performing arts here, was attended by a number of eminent personalities from the media and other walks of life.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was the chief guest and handed over the trophy and a cheque for `1 lakh to swaroop.
the juries in the sports section were former india wicketkeeper kiran more, badminton olympian aparna popat, former national badminton coach sanjay sharma and senior journalist ayaz memon.
swaroop, principal correspondent in the sports section of the new indian express based in chennai, had travelled to mariyappans house in salem, after the athletes gold-winning effort in high jump (t42 category) in rio.
the piece appeared in a special supplement on september 16, titled the myth of mariyappan.
awards were given in different categories including business, environment, human rights, photography, science and innovation, entertainment and lifestyle, sports, wellness as well as one for the mumbai star reporter.
there were also awards for the journalist of the year and one for lifetime achievement.
by express news servicemumbai: senior congress leader digvijaya singh is likely to be interrogated in connection with the ongoing elgaar parishad case, after it was alleged that a letter sent by comrade prakash to adv surendra gadling, an accused in the case, had reference to singhs number, saying he could be of help if need be.
bjp mla from kandivali atul bhatkhalkar raised the issue on monday.
ive handed over a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking a thorough inquiry into the alleged involvement of the congress leader into the elgaar parishad case, bhatkhalkar said after his meeting with the cm.
bhatkalkar also said he has asked the cm to ensure the inquiry was completed before the end of the winter session of the state legislature on november 30.
countering the charge against his senior party colleague, congress spokesperson sachin sawant said that the pune police was helping the ruling party with an eye on the upcoming madhya pradesh polls.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday ruled out the possibility of simultaneous assembly and lok sabha elections in the state.
however, the congress claimed that fadnavis may reluctantly agree to keep the bjp's alliance intact with the shiv sena.
to a question by pti on whether he has been asked by the bjp high command in delhi about his views on simultaneous polls, fadnavis replied in the negative.
also read | maharashtra government nod to rs 100 crore balasaheb thackeray memorialthere is no prospect of advancing the state assembly polls (so that they can be held) along with the lok sabha elections, he said.
the maharashtra assembly's term ends in november and elections are likely to be held in october.
the lok sabha elections are due in april-may.
mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam claimed that the bjp has surrendered before its ally shiv sena, which has said that if there is an alliance, it should be for both lok sabha and assembly polls.
the bjp had told the sena to first have an alliance for the lok sabha polls and then consider (it for) the assembly (polls).
but the shiv sena wants an alliance for both and is not averse to holding simultaneous polls, the congress leader said.
we are aware that fadnavis will reluctantly agree to the proposal of the bjp's central leadership to hold simultaneous polls in alliance with the shiv sena.
we discussed this in our meetings and have begun preparations for the assembly polls as well, nirupam said.
nationalist congress party (ncp) spokesperson nawab malik said prime minister narendra modi favoured simultaneous elections and so the state government should call for assembly polls along with the lok sabha polls.
people of maharashtra will get relief from the incumbent government six months in advance, he quipped.
shiv sena spokesperson manisha kayande, however, rubbished nirupam's claim, saying he did not run the day-to-day affairs of her party.
we go by our president uddhav thackeray's decisions and not nirupam's claims.
nirupam shouldn't comment on our party.
he should worry about his existence and his party, she said.
as regards the simultaneous polls, the shiv sena is ready for separate lok sabha and assembly elections or both together, she said.
by ptimumbai: in a major blow to opposition unity in maharashtra, three mlas from the ncp and one from the congress joined the ruling bjp on wednesday, a day after they tendered their resignations from the legislative assembly.
the bjp might field the four in the assembly elections due later this year, depending on how the seat-sharing deal between the bjp and ally shiv sena shapes up, sources in the saffron party said.
the three ncp mlas who switched their loyalties are shivendraraje bhosale from satara, sandeep naik from airoli in navi mumbai, and vaibhav pichad from akole in ahmednagar district.
the lone congress mla is kalidas kolambkar from wadala in mumbai.
the mlas joined the ruling party in the presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis and state bjp unit president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
vaibhav pichad's father and former state tribal development minister madhukar pichad, also attended the function.
pichad senior enjoys good relations with congress turncoat and current housing minister radhakrishna vikhe patil of the bjp.
also read | devendrafadnavis advises sharad pawar to introspect on ncp defectorspichad and kolambkar have generally contested against shiv sena candidates in past elections, except in 2014, when the sena and the bjp had contested separately in all the 288 assembly seats, a bjp leader said.
sandeep naik is the son of ncp strongman and former minister from navi mumbai, ganesh naik.
kolambkar, a seven-term lawmaker at present, was originally with the shiv sena before joining the congress.
bhosale, who belongs to the royal house of chhatrapati shivaji, is locked in a turf war in satara with his cousin udayanraje bhosale, the ncp mp from satara.
the sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party (ncp) has been hit by a string of desertions with many party leaders either joining the bjp or the shiv sena.
also read | bjp, shiv sena will contest maharashtra assembly polls together, says cm fadnavison sunday, pawar accused the ruling bjp of misusing probe agencies and state-run financial bodies to compel the opposition leaders to join their fold.
the mlas and other leaders who quit the congress and the ncp have taken the stand that they were joining the bjp or sena to ensure the development of their constituencies.
senior bjp leader and maharashtra water resources minister girish mahajan recently claimed that at least 50 mlas of the congress and the ncp were in touch with the bjp to switch over ahead of the polls.
in the 2014 elections, the bjp won 122 seats and the shiv sena 63.
the congress and the ncp had won 42 and 41 seats, respectively.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: in a major announcement ahead of assembly elections in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced the financial closure of the ambitious samruddhi corridor.
for the project of around rs 55,000 crore the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc) has received a total of around rs 28,000 crore in loan from various financial institutions, he said.
the nagpur-mumbai super communication express way (nmscew) has been nicknamed the samruddhi corridor by the maharashtra government, as it is expected to bring prosperity to the state.
connecting the state capital mumbai with its second capital nagpur, this six-lane, 800 km project passes through 10 districts and provides fasttrack connectivity to another 14 through with six-lane connecting ways.
while the greenfield project is expected to cut down the east-west travel time in the state to almost half, the connectivity to port is expected to change the agri-business dynamics of the state.
the project is being implemented through nmscewl  an spv.
the six-lane road would be 120 meter wide and would allow vehicles to to ply at a speed of 150 kmph.
while the road passes through 392 villages of 26 taluka in 10 districts, it also connects 14 districts indirectly to mumbai through 20 agri-prosperity centers.
the road will also provide connectivity to the western corridor and the golden quadrilateral.
of the rs 55,477 crore of the project cost rs 27,477 crore would be invested by the state government  as the msrdc share and rs 28,000 crore have been raised through loans.
the loan clearance target was achieved today.
the state bank of india was the apex bank for raising loans while sbi caps was the commercial adviser of the project.
the announcement was made in presence of sbi md arijit basu, sbi caps evp supratim sarkar and other key government officials.
key lenders for the project are  sbi - rs 8,000 crore, canara bank  rs 4,000 crore, lic  rs 4,000 crore, hudco  rs 2,550 crore, boi  rs 1,700 crore, union bank  rs 1,700 crore, bob  rs 1,500 crore, andhrabank  rs 1,500 crore, iifcl- rs 1,300 crore, indian bank  rs 750 crore, bank of maharashtra  rs 500 crore, syndicate bank  rs 500 crore.
mumbai: the shiv sena on monday took a jibe at its ally the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and said its saffron partner in its incumbent times was enjoying the same political status as congress used to do in its glorious time and hence, will meet a similar fate soon.
presaging the bjp, shiv sena in its editorial mouth piece saamna asserted that the bjp was siphoning victory in all quarters and drenched in the 'frivolousness of victory' has forgotten to work on ground.
the bjps current condition has become like once the congress used to be.
there were times when the congress used to win all elections in the states and the country and all that it cared about was victory.
they had forgot about working.
similarly, the bjp is enjoying victory and has forgotten to work, the article said.
at the centre, prime minister narendra modi and in the state, chief minister devendrafadnavis are coming up with new tricks, and till the people of the nation are enjoying these magic tricks, they will keep on winning, it added.
adding another state in its kitty, the bjp reclaimed power in uttar pradesh after 15 years and now is turning its focus to other states where it has been traditionally weaker to determine its fortune in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
bjp chief amit shah during its national executive meet asked his cadre not to be complacent after the massive election victories and underlined that the golden period for the party will begin only when it rules from panchayats to parliament and forms a government in states like odisha, bengal, kerala, tripura and telangana.
shahapur: we are not being given complete information on the project, they haven't replied to objections raised by us for over three months and now they are trying to negotiate land acquisition unilaterally.
this is bad.
the government that we elected is cheating us, said narayan bhoir of ushid near here.
ushid, located hardly 60-70km from mumbai, is one of the 10 villages of kalyan taluka in thane district where land measurement was carried out for acquisition for the proposed mumbai-nagpur communication super highway project or the maharashtra samruddhi corridor (prosperity corridor) as the project is popularly referred to.
according to law, land measurement needs to be a joint exercise involving land measurement officials, revenue officials and land owners.
but here they came with the police force and did not even allow owners to enter their fields, said chandrakant bhoir of neighbouring phalegaon.
when we tried to oppose the unilateral exercise, false cases were slapped against us, he added saying that he resigned from the post of taluka secretary of the bjp following the episode.
the corridor is a proposed eight-lane 120 metre wide 710- km long expressway that passes through 354 villages of 30 talukas in 10 districts of maharashtra.
the project is expected to change the face of the state's economy by providing rapid access for farm produce to ports, airports and agro-processing hubs.
twenty-five such hubs along with small townships are being planned at a distance of 30-40 km each along the super highway.
the project is estimated to come up at a cost of `46,000 crore and requires acquisition of around 20,820 hectares of land.
of the total land, 8,520 hectares is proposed to be used for roads and access ways, while 10,800 hectares of land is for townships.
however, the villagers are not ready to part with their land.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had recently declared that construction of the road will begin in october this year and would be completed within the next three years.
the maharashtra state road development corporation (msrdc), the agency that is expected to carry out the work, has said it has already completed the measurement of land that is to be acquired and is in the process of negotiating the compensation to farmers.
this is all bluff.
firstly, they had not made it clear in the notices sent to us under which act they want to acquire our lands.
they did not even bother to reply to objections raised by us.
they surveyed our land with the help of drones and just hushed up the physical process of measurement, said former zilla parishad member haribhau khade of birwadi village in shahapur taluka near bhatsa reservoir.
almost all the villages in shahapur, bhiwandi and kalyan taluka whose land is required for the project have conducted gramsabhas (village meetings) and unanimously resolved that they won't part with their land.
but the government officials have undermined the resolutions, he added.
this is not the first time that our land is being taken for a project of public interest.
we have seen land acquisition for dams, railways, highways, oil pipelines etc.
but never did government agencies require police force to conduct land measurement, said dattatreya bhere, a colleague of khade.
the fact that they used the police force shows that this is a dictatorship and not democracy, he added with pain in his voice.
government agencies not just hushed up the measurement process but, are not even ready to share information on the measured land, said vinod kashivle, sarpanch of chinchwali village in bhiwandi taluka.
after the secretive unilateral land measurement we sought information under the rti.
but, none of our questions were properly answered, kashivle said.
cases filed against us for opposing land measurement don't have the official's names as complainants but are filed by police officers themselves, he said, adding that it appeared fishy.
kapil dhamne of chiradpada village of bhiwandi taluka has been pursuing zero budget natural farming after he left his engineering job in a dubai firm and returned to his village a few years back.
we are small land owners.
we are dependent entirely on farming.
officials told me that they require greenfield alignment, when i suggested that most of the fertile land would be saved if they move the proposed highway closer to the existing one, dhamne said adding that the government is not open for any suggestions regarding the project.
this attitude of the officials is particularly painful against the backdrop of repeated assurances by the chief minister that the government will hear all stakeholders, he added.
by express news servicemumbai: life is slowly limping back to normalcy in flood-ravaged kolhapur and sangli as floodwaters receded in these districts of maharashtra and the key rivers there are now flowing below the danger mark, officials said on wednesday.
till tuesday, 6.
45 lakh people were shifted to safer locations in kolhapur and sangli, which have been the worst affected by flooding.
in kolhapur, life is inching back to normalcy as the relief measures and work to restore various services are going on in full swing, an official at the collectorate said.
the situation in shirol tehsil has also improved as maximum help is being provided there, he said.
on wednesday, the water level of the panchganga river at rajaram weir in kolhapur was at 42.
11 feet, marginally below the danger line of 43 feet, he said.
bollywood actors nana patekar and urmila matondkar visited satara and sangli on wednesday.
vanchit bahujan aghadis adv prakash ambedkar said his party will adopt the brahmanal village, where 16 people died when a rescue boat capsized last week.
the death toll, however, reached 50 on wednesday with the recovery of more bodies amid receding floodwaters.
the toll has reached 50.
three persons are still missing, he said.
the floods have devastated villages on the banks of the krishna and panchganga rivers.
the level of the krishna has gone down below danger level of 45 feet at irwin bridge in sangli city, while the panchganga is flowing at the danger level of 43 feet at rajaram weir near kolhapur city, officials said.
the discharge of water from the almatti dam in karnataka has been maintained at 5,70,000 cubic feet per second (cusec), mhaisekar said.
the maharashtra government had asked the neighbouring state to discharge water from almatti, which is downstream on the krishna, to ease flooding in western maharashtra.
carcasses of 150 animals were disposed of using scientific methods to prevent health hazards, an official added.
the chopper developed a technical snag while taking off from the helipad at nilanga where the chief minister had gone for an event.
(by special arrangement)mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis escaped unhurt on thursday when his helicopter had to crash land immediately after taking off at nilanga in latur district.
our helicopter did meet with an accident in latur but are absolutely safe and ok.
nothing to worry, fadnavis tweeted immediately after the accident.
we took off from helipad at 12 and the wind speed then was high.
later when we initiated, wind speed reduced.
helicopter then started coming down, there was a high tension cable there, we tried avoiding it but by then helicopter had touched it, capt sanjay karve, pilot of the helicopter said after the accident.
watch video:fadnavis was accompanied by his principal secretary pravin pardeshi, personal assistant abhimanyu pawar and media advisor ketan pathak.
the chopper had two crew members.
he had gone to latur in marathwada for the bjps shivar samwad sabha, a statewide campaign to reach out to farmers.
with the blessings of people of maharashtra and nation, i'm safe.
my team is fine too.
please do not believe any rumours, fadnavis tweeted minutes after the first tweet.
one more video of fadnavis' narrow escapefortunately, i have the blessings of more than 11 crore people of maharashtra so i have escaped without any injuries, he said in a video message released later.
ketan pathak suffered minor injuries.
there will be a regular dgca inquiry in the incident, he told reporters later while leaving for mumbai from latur.
on may 12 the helicopter had developed a snag before take-off from the naxal affected gadchiroli district.
when only one of the helicopter engine could be started, fadnavis had to travel by road to nagpur.
governor ch vidyasage rao and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray called fadnavis over phone after hearing about the incident.
by ptigadchiroli: the maharashtra police team which came under a fatal naxal attack in gadchiroli district may have ignored standard operating procedures (sops) while planning their movement, an official said thursday.
sixteen people, including 15 policemen, were killed when naxals blew up their vehicle by triggering an ied blast in the district wednesday.
a day after the attack, major markets and commercial establishments in the district remained shut to pay tributes to the martyrs and to express solidarity with their families.
the policemen, members of the district police quick response team, were called as reinforcement from kurkheda after crpf personnel were shifted out from purada for election duty, the official said.
maoist activities in the area under the jurisdiction of the purada police station in north gadchiroli district had increased in the last few days, he said.
presence of the crpf personnel, who were stationed in the area, could have ensured better patrolling of the stretch where the attack took place, he said.
maoists had prior information of the movement of the qrt team so they planted an ied beneath the road and targeted the private vehicle ferrying them, the official said.
read here | timeline of maoist attacks in maharashtra over last 10 yearsin the early hours of wednesday, 27 vehicles were torched by maoists at dadapur in jurisdiction of the purada police station, he said.
naxals knew a police team would be sent to purada after the arson incident, the official added.
it seems the police team did not follow the sops, he said, adding in such cases policemen should avoid using private vehicles and instead must go on foot.
the police team should have sensed the danger and avoided taking a private vehicle in a hurry to reach the arson site, the official said.
he said maoists had been facing the heat of sustained operations by the gadchiroli police in the last 2 to 3 years.
naxals are retaliating against the huge action taken by the gadchiroli police against them in the last 2 to 3 years, said the chief minister, who also holds the home portfolio.
fadnavis indicated appropriate response against the rebels.
i am confident that the sacrifice made by the jawans will not go in vain.
appropriate action will be taken.
i would not like to say much about it now, he said.
fadnavis paid floral tributes to the martyrs at the gadchiroli sp office ground, where their mortal remains were kept.
he was accompanied by union mos home hansraj ahir and maharashtra mos home deepak kesarkar.
fadnavis also spoke with family members of the martyrs.
director general of police subodh kumar jaiswal had wednesday said the attack was not due to intelligence failure.
meanwhile, naxal banners were found at several places in the district which warned contractors against constructing roads and bridges in the area.
a police official said the north gadchiroli divisional committee of the maoists put up banners at various locations in the area.
the banners said that the development work in this area is not for the locals, but for the benefit of a handful of rich people.
they warned contractors to stop construction of roads and bridges in the area, the official said.
in some of the banners, the naxals also urged people to destroy the dream of creating a hindu rashtra in the name of new india, the official said.
police removed these banners, he said.
the naxal attack is a failure of the bjp-led government, state congress chief ashok chavan said thursday.
taking potshots at the chief minister, who visited gadchiroli thursday, chavan said what was the use of going there after the attack.
chavan, a former maharashtra cm, wondered why the fadnavis-led government did not take measures to prevent the deadly attack.
by ptinagpur: the bjp in maharashtra once again reached out to its estranged alliance partner shiv sena for forging an alliance for the lok sabha elections in 2019 to prevent division of votes.
bjp state unit president raosaheb danve said in nagpur that the alliance with sena could happen on a formula that had been agreed upon by bjp leader pramod mahajan and sena patriarch bal thackeray (both deceased now) (in 1990).
however, he clarified that the number of seats to be contested by each parties would be decided through deliberations.
responding to a query of reporters on whether bjp will fight the upcoming polls in alliance with the sena, danve said, it is our wish to contest the polls jointly with sena because that party is our old ally of many years.
we also want to prevent division of votes.
he said the bjp and sena had fought all elections together with an exception of 2014 state assembly elections.
when asked if the bjp is keen to contest with its allies because it is not sure of victory in 2019, danve referred to the first nda (national democratic alliance) alliance government that had came to power under atal bihari vajpayee.
from the time of vajpayee (now deceased),the bjp has the ability to form government with the alliance partners.
vajpayee had run the nda government comprising 23 alliance partners, he said.
we feel that all alliance partners should stay together and contest elections jointly, he said, adding that the bjp is strong and not helpless.
however, it is our wish to contest the elections with alliance partners, said danve.
citing an internal survey conducted by his party, danve said the bjp would win 200 seats in the 288-member maharashtra assembly and emerge as the largest party in the state in elections due in october next year.
in 2014 assembly polls, the bjp had won 122 seats and the sena 62.
in the lok sabha polls held that year, the bjp bagged the highest 23 seats and sena (18) of the total 48 seats.
among remaining seats, the congress won 2 and the nationalist congress party (ncp) 4, while one seat went to swabhimani paksha of raju shetty.
when asked if construction of ram mandir would be the bjp's agenda for upcoming elections, he said party would contest on the plank of development, but at the same time would not drop the issue of the temple.
recently, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and finance minister sudhir mungantiwar have expressed hope the sena will tie up with the bjp for the 2019 assembly and lok sabha elections.
bjp president amit shah had met thackeray at the latter's residence in mumbai in june this year, apparently to placate the recalcitrant ally.
mumbai: the karnataka government has filed a case against members of the maharashtra ekikaran samiti for allegedly raising pro-maharashtra slogans after the state-run bus with words 'jai maharashtra' written on it entered belgaum.
the driver of the maharashtra state transport corporation (msrtc) bus too was booked on the complaint of the karnataka government.
the bus is part of the new fleet that was recently inducted into service and has 'jai maharashtra' written on it.
it was flagged off from mumbai central yesterday.
according to official sources in the transport department, when the bus entered belgaum, members of ekikaran samiti welcomed it, and shouted pro-maharashtra slogans, after which criminal charges were slapped against 16 persons.
the case was registered on the charges of unlawful assembly, rioting and for promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence etc.
maharashtra ekikaran samiti is a regional party based in belgaum.
it is spearheading a campaign for merger of belgaum in maharashtra and claims to represent the marathi-speaking people in the region.
condemning the incident, shiv sena spokesperson neelam gorhe said, is the karnataka government in the correct frame of mind?
it is unfortunate that one state government behaves in this manner against people of a neighbouring state.
the karnataka government has violated human rights of those against whom cases have been filed.
a case should be filed against that government, she said.
gorhe sought centre's immediate intervention over the issue.
recently, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, in party mouthpiece saamana had asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to reach out to marathi-speaking people in karnataka in the backdrop of the controversial comments made by a minister in the neighbouring state against the chanting of jai maharashtra slogan there.
karnataka's urban development minister r roshan baig had reportedly said in belgaum that elected representatives found raising the slogan stand to lose their elected posts in the southern state.
baig had also allegedly said that the karnataka government was intending to bring in a new legislation to check anti-karnataka activities by elected representatives.
both maharashtra and karnataka have been involved in a bitter border dispute over belgaum.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said gpx global is investing rs 400 crore for its upcoming tier 4 data centre in mumbai.
had a very good meeting with mr nicholas tanzi, global ceo of gpx global this morning, fadnavis tweeted.
i am happy to inform that gpx global is investing rs 400 crore (which will be scaled upto rs 2000 crore) for the upcoming new tier 4 data centre at mumbai, he said in another tweet.
gpx global systems already has a data centre at andheri, in which it has invested rs 700 crore.
mumbai: the maharashtra government has set up a task force headed by state health minister deepak sawant to recommend long-term measures to eradicate malnutrition in tribal areas of palghar district.
there were deaths reported from palghar district due to malnutrition in recent months.
the announcement to set up a task force was recently made by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
accordingly, a government resolution (gr) to this effect was issued last friday.
deepak sawant will be the chairperson of the task force, which will have women and child welfare and rural development minister pankaja munde, tribal minister vishnu sawra, agriculture minister pandurang fundkar and food and civil supplies minister girish bapat as members.
the other members include additional chief secretary of women and child welfare ministry, principal secretary of agriculture ministry, secretaries of tribal and food and civil supplies ministries.
principal secretary (health) will be the member secretary of the task force.
in order to eradicate the problem of malnutrition, there is a need for co-ordination among different departments.
taking this into account, the task force committee is being set up, the chief minister had said.
mumbai: after meeting chief minister devendrafadnavis today, secretary of the indian medical association (ima), dr parthiv sanghvi asserted that they have promised to fulfil demands of providing adequate security in all hospitals.
it was a fruitful discussion.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has promised to fulfil our demands of providing adequate security.
we were also briefed about the steps the government is undertaking to make sure that such violent attacks dont occur in hospitals again, sanghvi said.
sanghvi further stated that they regret the deaths that happened during the strike, but there was no other way to hold the protest as two or three doctors were beaten up every day.
we regret the deaths that happened during the strike, but we had no other way to hold the protests as two or three doctors everyday were getting beaten up.
fadnavis has assured us more security in 16 hospitals in the coming 10 days, he added.
earlier in the day, following the warning issued by the high court, the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) earlier in the day assured that they would return to work by 8 a.
m.
on saturday.
disassociating itself from the strike, mard had through an affidavit told the high court that they dont have any objection if action is taken against the agitating doctors.
earlier in the day, mard continued the strike due to not receiving a certified copy of the high courts order.
the association yesterday asserted that the doctors on strike were ready to join back after the high court assured to provide armed police personnel for their security.
the high court yesterday ordered the doctors on strike to resume their duties and give some time to the government for providing them proper security.
the high court also ordered the state government to provide security at all government hospitals so that the doctors could work without fear.
it ordered that no punitive action should be taken against the protesting doctors once they resumed their duties.
nagpur: a fire broke out in the seminary hills area here today but it was doused in time, preventing its spread to a nearby forest, an official said.
the fire broke out at 7.
30 pm in the forest area, located near the official residence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , a forest department official said.
the fire spread among bushes and bamboo trees.
six fire tenders came to the spot and doused the blaze on time, deputy conservator of forest g mallikarjun told pti.
if the blaze had started in the core jungle area it would have been a major disaster as it would have been difficult for fire tenders to reach there, he added.
timely action by forest department, nagpur municipal corporation and police averted what could have been a major tragedy, mallikarjun said.
by iansmumbai: a panel, headed by ruling nda constituent shiv sena's president uddhav thackeray, has reportedly bypassed the maharashtra government to select a prominent architect for the planned balasaheb thackeray memorial, a rti reply has revealed.
mumbai-based right to information activist anil galgali had written to the mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda) seeking details of the memorial coming up in the prime sea-facing plot at shivaji park in dadar, which was earlier used as the city mayor's official residence.
as per the rti reply, the 9-member balasahab thackeray memorial committee (btmc), headed by thackeray, has gone ahead and appointed well-known firm, abha narain lamba and associates as architect and project manager for the rs 100 crore memorial, keeping the mmrda in the dark, he said.
galgali said that ideally, this critical position should have been advertised and global tenders sought for designing the landmark monument for which the land allocation and construction costs are being borne by the state government.
btmc chairman uddhav thackeray wrote to the mmrda commissioner on march 1 that lamba and associates has been appointed to prepare the detailed plan, budget estimates and tender process for the memorial, right up to the completion of the project, he added.
it says a contract has already been signed with the architect's firm and this procedure was conducted in a transparent manner, as per government rules.
the fact still remains that we lost a golden opportunity for a global competition to design the landmark, galgali said.
the rti activist said he has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking to know why an international competition was not considered for the monument which would be dedicated to the shiv sena founder, bal thackeray, who passed away here on november 17, 2012.
besides uddhav thackeray as the chairman, the btmc includes maharashtra minister subhash desai as member-secretary, aditya thackeray, shashikant prabhu and bjp mp poonam mahajan as members, while the state chief secretary, urban development secretary, principal secretary, law & judiciary, and brihanmumbai municipal corporation commissioner are ex-officio members.
by ptipune: union minister nitin gadkari sunday said surplus production of sugar has become a big problem in the country, and suggested the sugar mills to focus on producing ethanol instead of the sweetener.
he also said that there is no water scarcity in the country, but what it lacks is water management.
gadkari was speaking at the 'sugar conference 2020', organised by the maharashtra state co-op bank ltd here.
currently, sugar production in the country is surplus, so in reality, there is no profitability in increasing the production of sugar.
but there is future in ethanol, so sugar mills should focus on manufacturing ethanol instead of sugar, he said.
also read | bitter harvest: sugarcane farmers make distress salehe added that the central government has come out with a transparent policy related to ethanol and the petroleum ministry is also ready to buy it.
in a nutshell, there is a market for ethanol.
the government is doing everything to revive the sugar industry, gadkari said.
rising production cost is a worry before the sugar mill operators.
so use of bio-diesel in factories, bio-cngs in trucks that transport sugar and sugar canes can bring the production cost down, he added.
on the issue of water availability, he said, there is no water scarcity.
what is lacking is proper water management.
extravagant use of water is a crime and that is why there is a need to adopt drip irrigation system in sugarcane cultivation.
the policy decision by the central government as far as ethanol is concerned is very crucial.
to address the issues in obtaining the permissions for ethanol production units, the state government is in the process of starting a single window policy, he said.
to start this system, a group of ministers will be formed soon, the cm added.
ncp chief sharad pawar emphasised that farmers, instead of going for 100 per cent sugar cultivation, should think of cultivating beet as in europe, beet sugar production is gaining momentum.
he also drew the attention of the government towards the issues of production cost and salaries of employees in sugar mills.
the sugar industry is facing several problems and there is a need to find solutions to these issues, he added.
by afpwashington: women around the world are granted only three quarters of the legal rights enjoyed by men, often preventing them from getting jobs or opening businesses, the world bank found in study published wednesday.
if women have equal opportunities to reach their full potential, the world would not only be fairer, it would be more prosperous as well, devendrafadnavis , the bank's interim president, said in a statement.
while reforms in many countries are a step in the right direction, 2.
7 billion women are still legally barred from having the same choice of jobs as men.
the study included an index measuring gender disparities that was derived from data collected over a decade from 187 countries and using eight indicators to evaluate the balance of rights afforded to men and women.
the report showed progress over the past 10 years, with the index rising to 75 from 70, out of a possible 100, as 131 countries have agreed to enact 274 reforms, adopting laws or regulations allowing greater inclusion of women.
among the improvements, 35 countries have proposed laws against sexual harassment in the workplace, granting protections to an additional 2 billion women, while 22 nations have abolished restrictions that kept women out of certain industrial sectors.
six nations -- belgium, denmark, france, latvia and sweden -- scored a 100, meaning they give women and men equal legal rights in the measured areas, the world bank said.
a decade ago, no economy had achieved a perfect score.
on the other hand, too many women still face discriminatory laws or regulations at every stage of their professional lives: 56 nations made no improvement over the last decade.
south asia saw the greatest progress, although it still achieved a relatively low score of 58.
36.
it was followed by southeast asia and the pacific, at 70.
73 and 64.
80, respectively.
latin-america and the caribbean recorded the second highest scores among emerging and developing economies at 79.
09.
conversely, the middle-east and north africa posted the lowest score for gender equality at 47.
37.
the world bank nevertheless pointed to encouraging changes, such as the introduction of laws against domestic violence, in particular in algeria and lebanon.
mumbai: the bjp emerged as the biggest winner in the municipal elections by bagging over one-third of the seats and a little over a half of all municipal chairman posts in maharashtra on monday.
the counting of votes from the 147 municipal councils and 17 nagara panchayats, which went to the polls on saturday, was not complete at the time of going to press.
the latest tally showed that the bjp emerged as the single-largest party by winning 851 out of the 3,510 seats for which results were declared.
the total number of seats is 3,705.
the congress stood second by winning 643 seats while the ncp got 638.
the shiv sena stood fourth by winning 514 seats.
and the mns could win only 16 seats and 1 municipal council chairman post.
the bjp also got its chairman candidates elected in 52 municipal councils.
smaller allies of the bjp have won six seats.
if the bjp and sena are counted as a combine, the nda has over 80 municipal chairmen in its fold.
this is more than half of the total seats contested, bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari said.
we had only 298 corporators in 2011.
we have now reached 851.
the same is the case with municipal council chairmen.
we had hardly 6-8 of them.
the success this time is 10-fold, he added.
the results show that the party is growing in rurban maharashtra, state bjp president raosaheb danve said while chief minister devendrafadnavis termed them an expression of the peoples trust in the development agenda of the central and state governments.
mumbai: resident doctors in maharashtra, who had struck work after incidents of patients relatives attacking them, called off their strike late on thursday night after the bombay high court assured them that adequate security measures would be provided.
earlier in the day, chief minister devendrafadnavis had also assured them of the same.
however, the medical professionals had then insisted on a written assurance from the government.
a doctor holds a placard demandingsecurity, during a protest at kemhospital in mumbai wednesdaythe court, in its bid to end the four-day stir, had directed the doctors to resume work immediately, while fadnavis had mooted a panel to resolve security issues in state-run hospitals, since the stir had hit health services.
a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni that resumed hearing on a petition filed by activist afak mandaviya seeking action against the protesting doctors, had said, we understand that the doctors are working in strained and horrible conditions sometimes, but we request them to resume work immediately.
the court had observed that medical attention cannot wait, adding that the profession of doctors is so sacred that they cannot afford to go on strike.
the court had also asked the state to not take punitive action against the doctors if they resume work.
fadnavis, earlier, made a statement in the assembly and appealed to the doctors to call off their strike.
union health minister j p nadda had also joined fadnavis in appealing to the doctors to resume work and asked states to take measures to improve the security of doctors.
members of the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) had earlier held a meeting with fadnavis, the outcome of which was positive, said medical education minister girish mahajan.
the doctors, unfazed by the governments warning of suspension and pay cut, had abstained from work for the fourth day on thursday.
on wednesday night, a woman doctor of the civic-run sion hospital here was allegedly beaten up by the relatives of a patient.
it had prompted the protesting medicos to adopt a more strident stand.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors stayed away from work since monday, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on doctors by patients relatives in government hospitals across maharashtra.
by ptiralegan siddhi (maharashtra): social activist anna hazare wednesday launched a fresh round of hunger strike in support of his demand for appointment of anti-corruption watchdogs at the centre and in maharashtra and resolution of farm issues as he declined to meet a state minister for talks.
hazare in the morning offered prayers at the padmavati temple in his native village ralegan siddhi in ahmednagar district of western maharashtra.
the octogenarian activist, a veteran of many a fast in the past, then went in a procession, accompanied by students, youths and farmers, to the yadavbaba temple and sat near it to begin his indefinite hunger strike.
hazare is protesting non-fulfilment of assurances by the centre and the maharashtra government on the appointment of lokpal and passage of the lokayukta act in the state.
the army man-turned-activist has also been demanding appointment of lokayuktas in states where such statutory anti-corruption watchdogs do not exist.
the anti-corruption crusader told pti that he welcomed the maharashtra cabinet's decision to bring the office of state chief minister under the ambit of lokayukta.
however, the strike will continue till the government fulfils promises they made before coming to power about passage of lokayukta act, the appointment of lokpal (at the centre) and to tackle farmers' issues, he said.
as a routine procedure, doctors conducted a basic health check-up of hazare, a close aide of the activist said.
later in the day, hazare refused to meet government envoy and minister girish mahajan for negotiation over the issued raised by him.
hazare made it clear he does not wish to discuss the lokayukta issue with mahajan anymore, said a close aide of the veteran anti-corruption crusader.
i am not going to discontinue my fast until the government takes concrete decision on the appointment of lokayukta in maharashtra, hazare told reporters.
speaking to reporters in mumbai, mahajan said, i am confident anna will listen to our side.
we have communicated to him about the measures we have taken for implementation of lokayukta as well as offering better price to farmers (for their produce).
i am hopeful of meeting anna in a couple of days and finding some amicable solution to the issued raised by him, said mahajan, a confidant of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
hazare had written a letter to fadnavis monday, saying he would launch the agitation in his village from wednesday.
apart from the appointment of lokpal at the centre and lokayukta in states, he has been demanding implementation of the swaminathan commission recommendations on ways to address agrarian distress besides some electoral reforms.
it has been five years since the lokpal act was passed.
yet, the narendra modi government has not appointed lokpal.
lokayukta act has not been passed in maharashtra for four years, hazare observed in his letter dated january 28.
the activist said fadnavis had mediated when he had launched the agitation at ramlila maidan in delhi in march last year.
hazare said he had withdrawn that agitation after the centre assured in writing it would fulfil his demands.
nine months have passed, yet the demands have not been fulfilled, he had said in the letter to the chief minister.
the fadnavis cabinet had on tuesday decided to bring the office of chief minister under the purview of lokayukta.
hazare had welcomed the government's decision to set in motion the process to appoint lokayukta.
i thank them on behalf of the people for taking the decision towards appointment of lokayukta through a constitutional process.
but, that does not mean i will not stage hunger strike.
the agitation will go on until the act is in place, he had said.
the lokayukta is a statutory body that is empowered to probe complaints of abuse of position and corruption against public servants.
mumbai: taking a dig at prime minister narendra modi for giving false assurances, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today said he was waiting for his rally to be held in the city ahead of the upcoming brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) polls.
i want to see narendra modi coming to mumbai and campaign for bmc polls.
i want to see sena's win after his rally here, thackeray said while addressing a rally for the february 21 mumbai civic body polls here.
in spite of his (pm modi's) assurances ahead of bihar polls to release large amount of money for the development of the state, they (bjp) were wiped out.
.
.
similar will be the case here (in mumbai) after his false assurances (if he comes to campaign in city), said thackeray.
taking a jibe at bjp's transparency poll plank, thackeray asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to explain to people how he occupied the constitutional post when he did not have sufficient numbers post 2014 maharashtra assembly polls.
invoking shiv sena founder bal thackeray's contribution to the city, he said his late father was the first one to fight for the cause of mumbai and that the current generation is only continuing the battle.
all we demand from them (the centre) is to give us 25 percent of the money we pay to the centre as taxes.
according to estimates, we have paid around rs 2 lakh crore as taxes in the last fiscal year.
if this money is given to us for 2-3 years, all of the state's debts will be cleared, he said.
the sena president further said that the bjp only indulges in bhoomipujans and jal pujans for memorials of stalwarts but nothing happens to the project after elections.
thackeray said that during the kalyan-dombivali municipal corporation (kdmc) polls held last year, fadnavis had assured to allocate rs 6,500 crore for its development but not a single rupee has been released as yet.
i have not seen the people of the country getting tired of the government (referring to the bjp government) so soon in the last 65 years, thackeray said.
mumbai: after keeping the state on tenterhooks for 48 hours, maharashtra farmers called off their 'strike' early on saturday following 'satisfactory' talks with the state government.
the development came after around five hours marathon negotiations between chief minister devendrafadnavis and the leaders of kisan kranti core committee, which ended here early today.
we are open to a farm loan waiver.
.
.
thereafter, kisan kranti leaders said that nearly 70 per cent of their demands have been met by the government and accordingly the 'successful strike' was called off immediately.
belagavi: maharashtra has assured of releasing 2 tmcfeet of water to krishna river from koyana reservoir on april 1.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met a state bjp delegation in mumbai on friday.
the delegation, led by mp prabhakar kore, comprised bjp state president pralhad joshi, mlas laxman savadi, duryodhan aihole, shashikala jolley, raju kage, mp p c gadigoudar and bjp leader annasaheb jolley.
the delegation explained the water crises at north karnataka and appealed the chief minister to release water.
it may be recalled that karnataka, last month, had officially asked maharashtra to release 2 tmc ft of water to krishna river and promised to return the same quantity of water to maharshtra from the almatti reservoir.
maharashtra has agreed to the proposal.
provided there is normal rainfall, farmers can look to produce crops like red gram, paddy, maize, jowar and groundnut | jithendra mmumbai: soaring prices of vegetables and fruits in mumbai and some other cities are slowly getting stabilized with increased inflow of agricultural produce even as farmers' protest in maharashtra entered its seventh day today.
amid a rift within protesters earlier, a state convention of farmers will be held tomorrow in nashik, around 150 km from here.
the meeting has been convened by the kisan kranti morcha (kkm).
according to an official source, substantial inflow of vegetables and fruits in pune, navi mumbai, and vashi agricultural produce market committees (apmcs) has somewhat stabilized their prices.
the situation has slowly started normalizing.
prices have come down as compared to the last three to four days, the source said.
the situation has started returning to normal in nashik and ahmednagar districts, the epicenters of the stir.
days after business remained subdued due to protests and shortage of supply, the nashik apmc today received 64 quintals of vegetables.
meanwhile, security has been stepped up outside houses of legislators and mps of the ruling bjp after agitating farmers today put a lock outside the house of r t deshmukh, the party mla from majalgaon in beed district.
in solapur's barshi, former state minister dilip sopal locked his house in solidarity with the agitating farmers.
07 crore farmers who have less than five-acre land holding.
according to a home department official, police personnel were deployed at the residences of prominent ministers following the lockdown protest.
in ahmednagar, security was beefed up outside the house of bjp mp dilip gandhi, while in nandurbar, additional forces were deployed outside the residences of party mp heena gavit and legislators vijaykumar gavit and chandrakant raghuvanshi.
in latur, police personnel were deployed at the residence of bjp minister sambhaji patil nilangekar to prevent farmers from protesting there.
in solapur too, policemen were stationed outside the residence of state cooperative minister subhash deshmukh.
in beed district, women workers of the shiv sena tonsured their heads in solidarity with farmers and as a mark of protest against the government.
they raised slogans against the chief minister as well as the state cabinet minister from the region, pankaja munde.
ahmednagar district, neighboring nashik, remained largely peaceful, with no untoward incident being reported today.
the activists, taking part in the farmers' stir, demanded a complete loan waiver and implementation of recommendations of the swaminathan committee.
farmers in various parts of the state are protesting for a complete loan waiver, a guaranteed minimum support price for their produce, among other demands.
the shiv sena and the swabhimani shetkari sangathana, who are allies in the bjp-led government, are supporting the agitation being spearheaded by various farmers' groups.
the farmers launched their stir on june 1, suspending supply of milk and vegetables to towns and cities.
after a partial loan waiver was announced by the fadnavis government for small and marginal farmers last saturday, a section of farmers announced the withdrawal of their agitation.
however, protests continued as another section stuck to its demand for a blanket loan waiver.
mysuru: devotees of sri ganapathi sachidananda swamiji presented him a diamond-studded crown on his 75th birthday celebrations at the ashram here on friday.
junior seer sri datta vijayananda teertha swamiji presented the crown at the packed nada mantapa.
ganapathi sachchidananda swamiji was seated on a golden throne and greeted his devotees during the celebrations.
swamiji said every indian should chant the mantra of peace, love, truth and dharma.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had a close shave after his chopper crash-landed in latur on thursday, stunned everyone when he arrived at the ashram to take part in the birthday celebrations on friday.
speaking on the occasion, he gave a call to put an end to social discrimination.
he said it is high time that everyone gets together and pledges to fight and eradicate social evils.
tirumala temple chief priest a v ramana dikshit offered prasadam.
sri jayendra saraswathi swamiji of kanchi kamakoti peetam offered ganapathi swamiji prasadam.
naushad bijapur byexpress news servicebelagavi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has finally agreed to release two tmcft of water to krishna river and its tributaries from maharashtras koyna dam, in order to help karnataka tide over its burgeoning drought situation.
a delegation of bjp leaders and mlas, headed by rajya sabha mp prabhakar kore, held a 40-minute in mumbai with fadnavis in mumbai on friday night to demand the immediate release of water.
the delegation comprised chief whip of opposition in state mahantesh kavatagimath, mlas shashikala jolle, p rajeev and duryodhan aihole, former minister laxman savadi, former mla raju kage, siddu savadi and leader annasaheb jolle.
speaking to tnie after the meeting, kavatagimath said, the cm was apprised about the crisis in the state due to dried up water sources.
the cm also stressed on finding a permanent solution on water sharing, and was keen on having an agreement signed between both the states, said kavatgimath.
fadnavis spoke to karnataka water resources minister d k shivakumar about this.
both the governments are expected to enter a water-sharing agreement once the election code of conduct is withdrawn.
as per an old agreement between the states, four tmcft of water was being released from maharashtra dams during the summer to krishna and bheema rivers.
meanwhile, congress mlas anand nyamgouda and shrimant patil met maharashtra irrigation minister girish mahajan on friday morning in mumbai and demanded release of water from maharashtra to karnatakas rivers.
speaking to the new indian express, nyamgouda said, maharashtra government would be releasing water immediately, but was keen on having an agreement between both the states.
by ptimumbai: senior ncp leader and former deputy chief minister of maharashtra ajit pawar can be arrested anytime in the alleged irrigation scam, state bjp president raosaheb danve has said.
the nationalist congress party (ncp), however, said pawar had no role in the alleged scam and accused the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) of trying to vitiate the political atmosphere ahead of elections.
pawar was among ncp ministers who were in-charge of the irrigation department at different times between 1999 and 2014 when the congress and the ncp were part of the coalition government in the state.
the scam, pegged at rs 72,000 crore, relates to alleged corruption and irregularities in approval and execution of various irrigation projects in the state during the congress-ncp rule.
it was probed by the acb.
police have reached the door steps of ajit pawar in the irrigation scam.
therefore, his condition is such that there is a sword hanging on his head and he can be arrested anytime, danve said.
he was addressing a gathering in industrial town of pimpri-chinchwad near pune saturday evening in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
when contacted, leader of opposition in the legislative council dhananjay munde of the ncp said the matter is being investigated since the last four years and it has been proved that pawar had no role to play in the issue.
this is an attempt to vitiate the atmosphere since elections are approaching.
those who have had relations with the accused in naptha racket (related to fuel adulteration) and who used power take benefits of government schools should not teach us but look at themselves, munde said.
by animumbai: thousands of farmers under the aegis of lok sangharsh morcha on thursday marched towards azad maidan here to press for their demands, which include farm loan waiver and land ownership.
farmers from across maharashtra, beginning their march on tuesday, reached byculla bridge in the city on thursday morning.
they are also scheduled to meet chief minister devendrafadnavis later in the evening.
they are also likely to take up the issue of the implementation of forests rights act with the chief minister.
read: debt-ridden maharashtra farmer kills self by lighting his own pyrespeaking to ani, general secretary of the lok sangharsh morcha pratibha shinde said, we will definitely meet the chief minister and put forward our demands.
only after the meeting, we will be able to decide whether the government and we are on the same page or not.
in the last six months, the government has not even done even two per cent of the works they promised to us.
maharashtra farmers marching in mumbai for loan waiver and other demands on 22 november 2018.
(photo | bhusan/ eps)on wednesday evening, maharashtra's water resources and irrigation minister girish mahajan met the protesters and asked them to hold a meeting with chief minister fadnavis to which the farmers agreed.
last night, farmers had stayed at shivaji maidan in chunabhatti.
also read: modi making 'fun' of demonetisation-hit farmers, alleges rahul gandhimaharashtra: lok sangharsh morcha that comprises of tribals and farmers across the state reaches dadar.
the morcha that has begun from kalyan yesterday is marching towards azad maidan in mumbai.
the farmers are demanding loan waiver and drought compensation among others.
pic.
twitter.com/k6c3rhp4jb  ani (@ani) november 22, 2018this is the third mass protest of farmers in maharashtra within a year.
earlier in march this year, around 25,000 farmers under the banner of all india kisan sabha carried out a protest march, demanding a complete farm loan waiver.
in july, dairy farmers too protested, seeking a hike in milk prices.
maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai.
the administration is trying to bring all government services on to the smartphone to deliver it at the right time and right cost for the benefit of the common man, he said on twitter.
we are going through a massive digital transformation.
we are connecting all the villages digitally by dec 2018, he tweeted quoting the keynote address he delivered at the oracle open world conclave in san francisco.
we need to convert our population into human resource.
speed & scale is the key.
demographic advantage is not permanent.
i'm here to find solutions.
by 2020 we have to put govt processes on auto pilot mode for max efficiency & transparency.
technology is the only solution.
technology is gender neutral, person neutral & neutral by all means, he tweeted.
according to the chief minister, for any transformation, political leadership creates an idea and technocrats convert this idea into reality.
meanwhile, the state government and oracle have signed an mou to accelerate digital transformation in maharashtra.
oracle and the maharashtra government will develop the state's smart city programme, to make the state's urban landscape more livable and inclusive.
the state and oracle will set up a centre of excellence (coe) to accelerate smart city program and modernise the government's technology solutions.
both the government and oracle will invest in it infrastructure, training and skill-set resources as well as management of the coe in mumbai, he informed.
by ptimumbai: former maharashtra minister and congress leader harshavardhan patil joined the bjp on wednesday.
patil, joined the bjp at an event in south mumbai, in presence of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who said he was waiting for the former minister to join the amit shah-led party since the last five years.
the four-time mla from indapur in pune district had lost the 2014 assembly elections by a slender margin to the ncps dattatrey bharne.
the congress and ncp had contested those elections separately.
he had supported ncp mp supriya sule to ensure her victory from the baramati lok sabha seat this year in the hope that the sharad pawar-led party would back his candidacy in the upcoming assembly polls from indapur, a segment of the baramati lok sabha seat.
at wednesday's event, patil was accompanied by his daughter ankita, a member of pune zilla parishad and his son rajvardhan.
patil served as minister of state for agriculture and marketing in the shiv sena-bjp alliance government during the 1995-99.
he won the 1995 assembly election as an independent candidate.
he served as minister during the congress-ncp alliance government from 1999 to 2014.
he joined the congress in 2009 and was the cooperation and parliamentary affairs portfolios.
fadnavis indicated that patil will be bjp's candidate from indapur assembly seat in next month's election.
mumbai: upping the ante against its ally bjp, shiv sena today said chief minister devendrafadnavis will be sent home if he continues to level charges against it in the run-up to the local body polls.
the remarks from the bickering ally came after fadnavis hit out at it at a bjp rally here on saturday, close on the heels of the sena deciding against a pre-poll pact with the senior partner for civic polls in mumbai and other cities across the state.
they (bjp leaders) have been talking about building a ram temple for the last 28 years and duping people in the name of uniform civil code.
now, they intend to give mumbai into the hands of rich people.
.
.
.
if the cm continues to level low-grade charges against the shiv sena, for time being it has left him only with a sore throat but tomorrow he will be sent home, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece saamana.
the allusion was to fadnavis's sore throat while he made the hard-hitting speech against the sena.
the sena said the work done by the party in the metropolis is the mantra for its victory and that it does not need goons and extortionists to win elections.
in states like up and goa, fadnavis's party has opened a special window to induct goons and criminals.
in maharashtra, they have wide-opened doors to induct such people.
show a certificate that you are a rapist, murderer, corrupt and gain entry into the party.
this is the package being offered by them, the sena charged.
mumbai: the bombay high court on friday reprimanded the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) and doctors for not complying with its order.
the high court directed the mard to file an affidavit by 3 p.
m.
stating that they have no objection if the government takes action against the doctors on strike.
the high court also warned the mard that if they do not file affidavit by the given time than the court will initiate contempt proceedings against the president and secretary of mard.
during the hearing, the lawyer representing the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) brought to the high courts notice that at least 38 patients died in sion hospital yesterday.
meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is meeting the doctors representatives again over the issue.
<blockquote class=twitter-tweet data-lang=en><p lang=en dir=ltr>maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis meets doctors's representatives again over doctor strike issue.
<a href=https://t.
co/peexl1cqky>pic.
twitter.com/peexl1cqky</a></p> ani (@ani_news) <a href=https://twitter.com/ani_news/status/845197101055193088>march 24, 2017</a></blockquote><script async src=//platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
earlier on thursday, the high court directed the resident doctors to resume work immediately.
however, the order was not available on the high courts website till last night and, therefore, the protesting doctors decided to wait.
after the order, the mard late last night appealed to the striking doctors to join duty.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors have stayed away from work since monday, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on their colleagues by patients' relatives at government hospitals across the state.
gorakhpur: in remarks that might not go down well with the bjp, its nda partner rpi(a) today said in case the saffron party does not win a majority on its own in uttar pradesh, the bsp should extend unconditional support to it.
in case bjp fails to get full majority on its own, the bsp needs to extend unconditional support and also think about taking deputy chief minister's post, republican party of india (a) president ramdas athawale said.
he was replying to queries of news persons here.
prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah, who are leading the party's campaign in up, have been asserting that their party will get over 300 of the 403 seats up for grabs in the high-stake elections.
athawale said, bsp needs to recall the three instances of the bjp extending support to its government in the past and do the quid pro quo in case such an eventuality arises.
rpi(a) is contesting 43 seats in the state and supporting bjp on the remaining seats.
to a question, the union minister of state for social justice and empowerment said reservation is the right of dalits and it cannot be scrapped, and the only one way to end it was by ending the caste system in the country.
commenting on the outcome of recent elections in maharashtra, he said these indicated that note ban has had no effect on the poor.
athawale said he met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and suggested that the bjp and shiv sena should have a chance at the post of mayor and deputy mayor for a term of two-and-a-half years each.
mumbai: shiv sena president uddhav thackeray skipped the wedding ceremony of state bjp president raosaheb danve-patil's son santosh, which is being interpreted as his attempt to maintain distance from the bjp, even as union minister and senior bjp leader nitin gadkari indicated that his party would execute every possible option if shiv sena does not come along.
thackeray chose to attend shiv sena mla rajesh kshirsagar's son's wedding at kolhapur on thursday instead of bjp mla santosh danve's wedding at aurangabad.
though official stand from the sena's camp remained that the party chief chose to attend marriage in the family of his own party mla, it is being interpreted that thackeray avoided attending bjp mla's marriage to reiterate his message that he wants to maintain distance from the bjp.
meanwhile, in a first indication of the bjp hardening its stand towards the sena and going solo in the bmc mayor election, union minister for surface transport nitin gadkari remarked, bjp has all options open, if sena does not join us.
sources indicated that the bjp has now begun making moves ahead of the march 8 mayor elections and chief minister devendrafadnavis has been given the complete charge executing the decisions.
later in the evening, independent corporator geeta gawli was scheduled to call on fadnavis at his official residence at varsha.
she had met shiv sena leaders at matoshree earlier in the day in a bid to lend support to shiv sena.
however, the terms did not work out, party sources said.
the bjp is making efforts at mediation through geeta's father arun gawli, sources said.
people have experienced the change that has set in under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi due to which they are supporting the bjp in increasing numbers.
the bjp might field the four mlas in the assembly elections due in september-october, depending on how the seat-sharing deal between the party and its ally shiv sena shapes up, sources said.
the three ncp mlas who switched their loyalties are shivendraraje bhosale from satara, sandeep naik from airoli in navi mumbai, and vaibhav pichad from akole in ahmednagar district.
the fourth is congress leader kalidas kolambkar from wadala.
pichads father and former state tribal development minister madhukar pichad were also present.
kolambkar, a seven-term lawmaker, was originally with the sena before joining the congress.
naik is the son of ncp strongman and former minister ganesh naik.
bhosale, who claims the lineage of chhatrapati shivaji, is locked in a turf war with his cousin udayanraje bhosale, the ncp mp from satara.
along with the four mlas, ncps state womens wing chief chitra wagh, ahmednagar district central cooperative bank chairman sitaram gaikar, mahatma phules descendant geeta hole and former police officer sahebrao patil who joined the bjp.
the leaders who have deserted the congress and the ncp ahead of elections claimed they were joining the nda to ensure development of their constituencies.
bjp mla claims congress offered money to join partybhopal: a first-time bjp mla in madhya pradesh, sitaram adivasi, has alleged that the ruling congress party had offered him crores of rupees and ministerial berth if he joined them.
adivasi, the mla from vijaypur, alleged that a group of congress leaders from gwalior-chambal region met him at least four times before and during the state assemblys budget session.
the leaders asked me how much money and which ministerial berth did i want for joining the congress.
mumbai: rumours that the shiv sena is on the verge of withdrawing support to the state government intensified on wednesday with reports of shiv sena ministers seeking an urgent meeting with the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to discuss urgent issues.
the ministers have been granted a meeting at his residence at around 10 pm, reports indicate.
a delegation of at least four ministers, under the leadership of senior shiv sena leader and industries minister subhash desai, is scheduled to meet fadnavis.
however, one of the ministers, who would be part of the delegation, made it clear that the meeting has nothing to do with the resignations.
the bjp has promised crop loan waiver for farmers in uttar pradesh in their election manifesto there.
farmers in our state too have been making similar demands for over two years now.
hence, we shall meet the cm to formally make a demand in this regard, the minister said while speaking to express on condition of anonymity.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on tuesday said the state government is on a notice period.
in an interview on wednesday, he also elaborated his partys strategy to systematically corner its ally over the next few days.
we are open to withdrawing support to the government if they do not make clear their stand on various issues in the coming days, he said.
some sources have also pointed out towards resignations.
sena ministers would tender their resignations to the party chief uddhav thackeray at a public rally on february 18 and uddhavji will the take the final call on whether or not to forward the resignation letters to the governor, sources within the party stated.
in the 38-member fadnavis cabinet, shiv sena has five cabinet ministers and seven ministers of state.
in the 288-member assembly, bjp has 122 members and enjoys the support of 12 members apart from shiv senas 63.
bjps minority government, before shiv sena lent its support in 2014, had survived on a voice vote in the assembly.
ncp chief sharad pawar had vouched for support to the government, forcing the shiv sena to join it.
sena mp sanjay raut too had indicated the party is considering pulling out of the state government.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, brushed aside any possibilities of his government getting toppled.
my government is absolutely stable and would comfortably complete its full term of five years, he had said on tuesday.
addressing his first public rally in mumbai, fadnavis ripped into the sena rhetoric over the issue of transparencythe major issue over which the parties have parted ways this time.
we are here for transparency and development, said the cm.
earlier in the day, the shiv sena had dared the bjp to order a probe into what the latter termed a rs 20,000 crore scam into the projects under public private partnership (ppp) model in the city.
by iansnew delhi: the supreme court on tuesday reserved its order on a plea challenging the election of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to the state assembly for allegedly not disclosing criminal cases pending against him in his nomination papers.
a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi reserved the order after hearing both the parties.
the bench noted that fadnavis had not disclosed two cases pending against him.
fadnavis' counsel and senior advocate mukul rohatgi said that it was ommission, which will not attract a penalty.
advocate rohatgi told the bench that as per rules, fadnavis only had to furnish information of those cases in which charges have been framed against him.
the bench said that it would take into account whether section 125(a) representation of people's act is attracted or not.
the top court was hearing a plea filed by satish ukey seeking to nullify fadnavis's election to the assembly in 2014 on grounds of alleged non-disclosure of two criminal cases pending against him in his election affidavit.
ukey told the court that the bjp leader had concealed the fact, thus violating section 125a of the representation of people's act.
cases of alleged cheating and forgery were filed against fadnavis in 1996 and 1998, respectively but charges were not framed.
however, a local court in maharashtra had taken cognizance of the complaint.
responding to ukey's plea, fadnavis' counsel said that pendency of cases is not required to be mentioned in nomination papers as in these cases, charges were not framed against the bjp leader.
he said that as per guidelines, only cases where charges have been framed against the accused are required to be mentioned.
he said that even the bombay high court had dismissed ukey's plea, saying that a candidate has to disclose any pending criminal cases only if charges have been framed against him by a competent court.
countering his submission, ukey told the court that fadnavis had to mention the pending cases in the election affidavit as the trial court has taken cognizance of the charge sheet.
the petitioner has challenged the bombay high court order which dismissed his plea seeking annulment of fadnavis's election to the assembly, observing that he had merely been summoned by the local court in both these cases.
ukey has sought action against the bjp leader under provisions of the representation of people act, saying that it is mandatory for a candidate to disclose whether any criminal case is pending against him in any court for offences that could lead to a jail term of two years or more.
by ptimumbai: thousands of farmers demanding compensation for drought and transfer of forest rights to tribals thursday reached azad maidan in south mumbai, eight months after a similar protest was held at the venue.
the farmers and tribals who began the two-day march from thane to mumbai on wednesday had halted for the night at the somaiyya ground in mumbai's sion area, from where they began marching to azad maidan thursday morning.
farmers march heading towards azad maidan from lalbaug area, demanding better compensation (photo |eps/bhushan koyande)the morcha traversed through dadar and the jj flyover before reaching the maidan, adjacent to the mumbai municipal corporation headquarters.
magsaysay award winner dr rajendra singh, also known as waterman of india, was among the marchers.
he blamed the government for drought, which he termed as man-made.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has invited the morcha leaders for talks thursday afternoon at the vidhan bhawan, where the winter session of the state legislature in underway, a leader of the march said.
the participants are mostly from thane, bhusawal and marathwada regions, he said.
the farmers are demanding implementation of the swaminathan committee report, which suggested that farmers must have assured access and control over resources such as land and water.
they are also demanding an increase in the minimum support price and a judicial system to ensure its implementation.
the farmers, struggling to cope with the agrarian crisis, are demanding proper implementation of the loan waiver package announced by the bjp-led government in the state last year, land rights for farmers and compensation for farm labourers.
we have been consistently asking the state government to fulfil our long-standing demands, but the response has been lukewarm.
we are forced to launch this agitation, said pratibha shinde, general secretary of lok sangharsh morcha, which is organising the protest.
in march, thousands of farmers, led by the left-affiliated all india kisan sabha, took out a 180-km long march from nashik to mumbai in march to press for their demands.
that protest saw a sea of red, formed by farmers in red caps, converge in mumbai from across maharashtra.
by ptimumbai: prime minister narendra modi friday claimed that the congress won't get even 50 seats in the ongoing lok sabha elections.
he addressed a rally at bkc ground here with shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray ahead of april 29 polling for six seats in mumbai and 11 seats elsewhere in maharashtra.
this election is not to find an alternative but to be decisive, to empower the poor and end terrorism.
all opinion polls and surveys are unanimous in their finding that the bjp led nda will return to power.
the only point of discussion is the number of seats, modi said.
they (opposition) are wondering why first-time voters and those who were born at the end of the 20th century are supporting modi.
it is because modi is giving expression to their (new generation's) aspirations.
they are looking forward to 2047 when india will celebrate its centenary of independence, but some people are stuck in the 20th century.
they can't understand what the youth want, he said.
confusion is the other name of the congress.
if 2014 saw the worst performance of the congress, in 2019 the party is going to create another record of contesting the least number of seats, the prime minister said.
the situation for congress is such that it remains to be seen whether it crosses the 50 mark, he said.
congress governments neglected the police force and turned it into a punching bag, he said, adding that had it not been for the alertness of mumbai police, who paid a heavy price including martyrdom, the city would have paid a greater price due to terror activities.
modi's praise for police comes after bjp candidate and malegaon blast accused pragya thakur's controversial statement about slain ips officer hemant karkare.
the congress' attitude has been to change chief ministers and home ministers following terror attacks; we have changed that culture, he said.
seeking to woo the middle class and mumbai's working classes, modi said fisherfolk, dabbawallahs (tiffin carriers), and drivers of kali-pili (black and yellow) taxies who ensure that mumbai's speed never slackens need to be commended.
it is because of the middle class and genuine tax- payers that this government has been able to work on infrastructure upgradation, ayushman bharat medical (insurance) scheme, and housing for all by 2022, he said.
the congress manifesto has no mention of the middle class and some congress leaders describe the middle class as selfish and greedy, the prime minister alleged.
telephone bills were once a huge part of expenses of the middle class.
due to efforts of our government, calling is almost free now and data is also among the cheapest in the world, modi said.
the government works with 'mumbai first' agenda, he said, mentioning bullet train project and promising that in the next few years, mumbai will have 275 km of metro network.
during our rule, corruption has been dealt with severely, some people are in jail and some on bail.
after the elections, they will be sent to jail.
we have increased the number of taxpayers, not the taxes.
we have also increased the income tax (exemption) limit up to rs five lakh.
today the middle class is saving more, the prime minister said.
follow our full election coverage hereunlike in 2014, the price rise was not an election issue this time, modi pointed out, saying that inflation has been controlled at 4 per cent.
development is high and inflation is low.
this is a healthy condition, he added.
his government did a good job of financial management of the country while the congress was concerned with its own finances and that of one family, modi said.
referring to the mumbai terror attacks, he also said that terrorists now know that he (modi) will find them even from hell and kill them if they attempt any such attack.
i am shivaji's `mavla' (soldier), modi said, invoking the maratha warrior king.
terrorists know that i will enter their homes and kill them, he added.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, who addressed the rally earlier, said this was the third time he and modi were campaigning together, while congress president rahul gandhi and his ally, ncp chief sharad pawar had not come together.
rahul gandhi doesn't feel the need to come here and pawar doesn't want to share dais with him, thackeray said.
sena was with the modi because only he can deal firmly with pakistan, uddhav said, adding that the sena-bjp alliance was based on a common maximum programme of ram temple, abolition of article 370 and development.
also read | modi lists rs 2.
5 crore worth assets, ma degree in election affidavitchief minister devendrafadnavis described the opposition as bears and wolves who have taken along a parrot to defeat the lion and the tiger.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: after getting consent from 61 villages in maharashtra for land acquisition for the high-speed train project (bullet train) the government has decided to put the project on a fast track mode.
the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority (mmrda) ground at bandra-kurla complex (bkc) is likely to be handed over to facilitate the beginning of the construction as early as by the end of next month, authorities have said.
though the project faces a strong criticism and opposition from all the other parties like the shiv sena, the mns, the congress, the ncp and others, chief minister devendrafadnavis has given a green signal for the project and work has already begun for shifting of the utility lines in vicinity of the ground at bkc, officials said.
bkc is the starting point of the mumbai-ahmedabad bullet train project.
the terminal station for the bullet train would be underground over which the international financial services centre (ifsc) would come up.
since work on ifsc won't start till the detailed plan for the underground station is complete, the state government is learnt to have given go-ahead for the bullet train project.
the mmrda is scheduled to hand over 0.
9 hectares of land at bkc to the national high-speed rail corporation (nhsrc) before march 1, sources have said.
according to nhsrc officials, the joint land measurement exercise has been completed in 61 out of 104 villages of maharashtra and 176 out of 200 villages of gujarat, while the agreement for land in bkc was signed in february 2018.
now, by the end of february 2019, the mmrda is expected to hand over the bkc land to nhsrc, officials said.
the huge ground at bkc is generally used for exhibitions, entertainment shows and even political rallies during election seasons.
however, if the ground is handed over to nhsrc for construction work, the political parties would be left with a limited choice for grounds in mumbai ahead of lok sabha polls.
by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra government on wednesday made it clear that the land acquisition process for the controversial waste coast refinery project proposed at nanar in the coastal district of ratnagiri has been stalled.
this, even as people affected by the project stormed the state legislature on wednesday.
the government has not issued any new notice for land acquisition.
the protesters had been demanding scrapping of the project over the last few days.
on tuesday some journalists were prevented from entering the venue of the protests at azad maidan.
the leader of opposition raised the issue in the state assembly on wednesday.
congress mla nitesh rane also raised the issue in the house.
responding to his demand to scrap the project, industries minister and sena leader subhash desai said the land acquisition process for the project has been stalled for the last few months.
earlier this year, desai announced that the for the project had been scrapped.
however, cm fadnavis had indicated at the time that the project had only been shelved temporarily.
the konkan belt, where the project is to come up, has been a sena stronghold and the party has been opposed to it.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday laid the foundation stone of a 10- storeyed complex in bandra which will house a state-of-the-art cyber crime lab, a police station, a training centre along with flats for senior police personnel.
according to officials, the cyber lab, police station and training centre will occupy the lower six floors while the top four floors will have residential apartments.
it will be constructed by the maharashtra state police housing and welfare corporation.
our police force needs to be technologically strong.
we have selected 1000 officials to give them proper training.
on one hand we are bringing in more digitisation for providing speedy governance & on the other, we are making these systems secure & safe too : cm @dev_fadnavis pic.
twitter.com/hycdzxjoth  cmo maharashtra (@cmomaharashtra) june 15, 2019local bjp mla ashish shelar, who worked toward making the project a reality, took to twitter to thank fadnavis.
gr8 satisfaction tht hon cm @dev_fadnavis ji w mp @poonam_mahajan 2day did bhoomipoojan of 10 flr utramodern cyber crime lab/office @ bandra stn sv rd jn !
i pursued this proj for 4 yrs & v r transformin junkyard in2 worldclass cybercrime detection facility !
@cpmumbaipolice pic.
twitter.com/nlg9qw0lui  ashish shelar (@shelarashish) june 15, 2019state minister deepak kesarkar, mumbai north central mp poonam mahajan and mumbai police commissioner sanjay barve were also present at the function.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday hinted at revoking the suspension of 19 opposition mlas, who were suspended because of their unruly and irresponsible behaviour.
while the opposition members in the legislative assembly have been boycotting house proceedings over the issue, the congress, ncp led opposition had been forcing the adjournment of the legislative council, demanding that the suspensions be revoked.
suspensions have happened even in the past and have been revoked later.
despite positive discussions, the revocation could not take place as some members, who were not privy to the discussions, had raked up other issues.
however, we have decided to take a positive decision over the issue by saturday, fadnavis added.
mumbai: after keeping the state on tenterhooks for 48 hours, maharashtra farmers called off their 'strike' early on saturday following 'satisfactory' talks with the state government.
the development came after around five hours of marathon negotiations between chief minister devendrafadnavis and the leaders of the kisan kranti core committee, which ended here early on saturday.
we are open to a farm loan waiver.
.
.
the government will compensate the family of ashok more, who lost his life during the agitation.
thereafter, kisan kranti leaders said that nearly 70 per cent of their demands have been met by the government and accordingly the 'successful strike' was called off immediately.
all plans to intensify the strike, including the maharashtra bandh on monday, lockdown of government offices on tuesday and 'dharna' protests outside all legislators and ministers offices on wednesday, stand cancelled.
over half a million farmers in the state were practically on the streets since thursday midnight.
the demands include a complete waiver of farmer loans, free electricity, appropriate remunerative prices for their produce, grants for irrigation, pension for farmers who are 60 years old and above, and implementation of the m.s. swaminathan committee recommendations.
the move came two days after an unprecedented and violent strike by maharashtra's farmers which claimed the life of one agriculturist, ashok more, allegedly due to police caning on thursday to which he succumbed on friday.
the decision was greeted with bursting of crackers and jubilant pre-dawn celebrations in thousands of villages as the farmers prepared to return to their daily routine after two days of strike.
kisan kranti leaders assured that supplies of fresh milk, fruits, vegetables and even foodgrains, which had been severely disrupted to urban and semi-urban centres, shall resume immediately.
however, it would take a couple of days for things to come back on track but they expressed confidence that by monday complete normalcy would return in wholesale, retail markets and street corner vegetable sellers.
since thursday, june 1, major cities like mumbai, navi mumbai, thane, pune, nashik, aurangabad and others dependent on farm produce for their daily needs, felt the sharp pinch of shortages coupled with spiralling prices of essentials.
besides the soaring prices of fresh milk, fruits and vegetables, which had doubled in some markets, the impact spilled over to the prices of mutton, chicken, eggs, fish and cold storage products which rose sharply by over 30-40 per cent.
the farmers strike elicited support from the ruling ally shiv sena, opposition congress, nationalist congress party, maharashtra navnirman sena, aam aadmi party, maharashtra trade unions joint action committee, leftist parties, ngos and even veteran social crusader kisan baburao, alias anna hazare and the powerful warkari community.
the two-day strike across the state saw angry farmers emptying tankers carrying several lakh litres of milk and thousands of kilos of perishable fruits and vegetables on the roads, railway lines, highways etc to register their protest.
by aninagpur: more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, asserted chief minister devendra fadnavis.
addressing the public at the inaugural session of the 16th jagatik marathi sammelan (world marathi conference) in nagpur on friday, the chief minister said, if anyone has really ruled india, in a real sense, it is maharashtrians and we have the capability to reach attock.
in the 18th century, attock, now in pakistan, was conquered by maratha armies.
i hope by 2050 not only one but more than one maharashtrians would occupy the prime minister's post by 2050, he added.
earlier, union minister nitin gadkari had said that it is necessary to guard marathi identity along with national identity.
maharashtra's economy at present is usd 400 billion and at the current growth rate it is destined to become trillion-dollar economy by 2030, he said asserting that he wants to achieve that milestone five years early.
fadnavis gave a detailed presentation of the achievements of the state government in the last nearly four years, including efforts to achieve the goal of a drought-free state, massive investment in the infrastructure sector, including transportation and marching ahead in the new technology sector like artificial intelligence.
we are trying to grab those opportunities, he said.
the promises made in the last vision document are in implementation phase and most of them are likely to be completed in the next few years, he said.
in recognition of his remarkable accomplishments, the india initiative of the georgetown university presented fadnavis with its inaugural outstanding leadership in development at the sub-national level to fadnavis, which he dedicated to the people of maharashtra.
the goal is to increase the number of such villages to 16,000 by end of this year.
the result is, those villages which required water supply by tankers for six months in a year are now tanker free, he said adding that as a result, the entire economy is changing.
the chief minister also spoke on mumbai infra projects, nagpur-mumbai maharashtra samruddhi corridor, which will create logistics and agro processing hubs in 24 districts and many other initiatives like war room for coordinating all the projects.
our key to growth is infrastructure-led development, he said, who yesterday visited the world bank headquarters here to meet its ceo, kristalina georgieva.
in their meeting, the world bank assured the chief minister of more support for rural solar grid and drought mitigation.
during the meeting, he sought assistance for mmr multimodal transport corridor and rural livelihood project to provide sustainable livelihood enhancements in 10,000 villages of maharashtra.
fadnavis also met the co-chairs of the india caucus  george holding and tulsi gabbard -- in the us congress.
earlier, the us-india strategic partnership forum (usispf) kicked off the chief minister's roadshow with us investors at a roundtable in new york city, and hosted him the next day at an event with member companies in washington.
during the road shows, the chief minister reiterated his goals to make maharashtra the first trillion-dollar economy across india.
we have focused on building infrastructure, which has subsequently opened up lot of opportunities for international investors in the state, he said.
he insisted that his state's objective of job growth, along with economic development, will be fulfilled through investments across sectors.
usispf president mukesh aghi said maharashtra is growing at a rapid pace and the state is the first choice for many of the us companies that manufacture in india.
thiruvananthapuram: ramon magsaysay award winner t m krishna today said cultural authoritarianism was far more powerful than economic power and what was happening in bollywood now was another example of that power.
he was replying to a query on the development in bollywood in the wake of a threat by mns to hindi film ae dil hai mushkil, during an interaction at the kovalam literary festival here.
i think what is happening today in so called bollywood is another example of that power.
you will have all the money in the world.
but if certain cultural oppression is practised, that has greater pressure and impact than all the money you have, krishna said.
karan johar's ae dil hai mushkil, slated for diwali release on october 28, had been embroiled in controversy over the past few weeks after mns opposed the screening of movies featuring pakistani actors after the uri terror attack.
today, the decks were cleared for its release after karan johar and producers' guild president mukesh bhatt met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and assured him that filmmakers would not work with pakistani artistes, given the people's sentiments in india post the uri attack.
asked about the controversy surrounding triple talaq and uniform civil code, krishna sought to know whether they had been mooted with the right intention.
the all india muslim personal law board had taken a stand to oppose the centre's affidavit, which said the practise of triple talaq, 'nikah halala' and polygamy among muslims needed a relook on grounds like gender equality and secularism.
aimplb and other muslim bodies had said they would boycott the law commission's proceedings in the matter and had accused the modi government of waging a war against their personal laws.
they also said a uniform civil code would kill india's pluralism.
krishna said the the biggest tragedy of the country was that we have surrendered, gifted politics to politicians.
another important thing was loss of the left, resulting in weakening of progressive movement in the country, he noted.
when i say left.
.
.
not as a political party.
but the idea of left.
i think that is one of the biggest reasons why the progressive movement that allowed diverse conversion, disagreement and everything has died down, he said.
i think if left wakes up.
.
.
.
then we will have an interesting discourse.
artists will say different things and if that does not happen, we will have a problem.
mumbai: taking serious cognizance of the rapes of girl students at ashram-shala in buldhana, the maharashtra government on friday revoked the licence of the institute to run the residential school, set up a probe panel headed by a woman ips officer and ordered an inspection of all such schools across the state.
what has happened is shocking and we have taken serious cognizance of the matter.
tribal minister vishnu savara said the licence of the institute at buldhana to run the school has been revoked.
thirteen people have been identified, of whom 11 have been arrested and a search for the other two is on, dgp satish mathur said.
maharashtra has around 525 tribal boarding schools meant for 2.
10 lakh students from more than 10 districts.
some of these are run by the government while some are aided.
a case has been registered against main accused itusing pawar under ipc 376 (rape) and pocso (protection of children from sexual offences act) while others have been charged under pocso.
pawar was a distant relative of one of the girls who have lodged complaints in the case.
he was a marketing employee for the school and used to urge parents to send their wards to the school.
it was one of the reasons why he was illegally allowed to stay on the premises.
mumbai: in an apparent attempt to assuage the feelings of the maratha community, the maharashtra cabinet on thursday hiked the creamy layer scholarship limit for economically backward classes (ebc) students pursuing vocational higher and technical courses from the current rs 1 lakh to rs 6 lakh.
the government also decided to expand the scope of the rajashri shahu maharaj fee reimbursement scheme from the sc, st and obc communities to all ebcs.
in a departure from the normal practice, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis himself announced all the decisions at a press meet.
the chief minister said that the government is committed to the maratha quota demand and added that only a handful were trying to create a law and order situation out of the maratha kranti morchas.
the allocation for students staying at distant places will be rs 20,000 per year.
under yet another scheme cleared by the state cabinet on thursday, the government shall reimburse tribal students their annual hostel fees until they get proper government hostel accommodation.
the hostel fees break up is as follows  rs 6,000 for big cities, rs 5,000 and rs 4,000 for other cities.
all these schemes are expected to benefit about seven lakh students across maharashtra, a senior cmo official told express.
putting to rest all speculation over the maratha quota demand, fadnavis also clarified that the bombay high court has not passed strictures against the state government which has expressed its willingness to submit the affidavit.
replying to questions on the issue of amendments to the atrocities act, fadnavis clarified that there was no demand being made to scrap the act.
the maharastra chief minister further stated that the dalit community needs to get protection of the law.
but all agree that the misuse of the law needs to be stopped.
requested to comment on the meeting of nationalist congress party (ncp) president sharad pawar with prime minister narendra modi on wednesday, the chief minister pleaded ignorance.
replying to queries on the demand for convening a special session of the state legislature, he said that the government was seized of the matter and was holding talks with all the stakeholders.
by ptimumbai: fielding malegaon blast accused pragya singh thakur in the lok sabha elections is a tactical mistake of the bjp, ncp general secretary jitendra awhad said here saturday.
thakur was fielded from bhopal lok sabha constituency against congress' digvijay singh to cover up failures of the narendra modi government, he said.
fielding her is a tactical mistake for which they will have to pay a heavy price.
this country's structure is secular and people don't like absolute right-wingers and hate-mongers, he said.
the bjp thinks people have forgotten the rafale scam, highly inflation and job losses and will support its hardcore hindutva agenda as prime minister modi doesn't talk about everyday issues, he said.
follow our full election coverage herethe saffron party won't get more than 220 seats, he claimed.
the ncp leader termed bollywood actor akshay kumar's interview with modi a publicity stunt, saying it will not benefit the prime minister.
akshay kumar is an excellent artist, but what outstanding academic credentials he has?
this interview showed modi's insecurity, he said.
to a question about modi's and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' jibes at ncp supremo sharad pawar over fielding pawar's grand-nephew parth pawar from maval seat, awhad said a sanctity should be maintained by leaders when talking about others' private lives.
pawar doesn't differentiate between jitendra awhad and ajit pawar (parth's father and ncp leader).
do we ask modi why did he shunt out l k advani and murli manohar joshi so unceremoniously?
he said.
on raj thackeray's campaign against the modi government, awhad said the mns chief has won the hearts of people.
we might have differences on several issues but our enemy is fascism, not modi.
the advent of fascism will kill democracy.
whoever fights fascism is a friend, the ncp leader said.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday intervened in the best bus strike in mumbai and spoke to shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray to find a solution.
over 32,000 employees of the brihanmumbai electric supply and transport undertaking (best) are on strike since tuesday last week and 3200-odd buses in its fleet are off the roads.
the telephonic conservation between fadnavis and thackeray took place after a meeting monday in mantralaya between striking best union functionaries and state chief secretary d k jain failed to break the deadlock.
also read: best employees' strike enters day 7, private cabs in mumbai get costlierthe details of the telephonic conservations between fadnavis and thackeray were not immediately known.
the shiv sena has been unable to end the strike despite its affiliated union, the best kamgar sena, announcing a pullout a day into the strike.
the sena is also the ruling party in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation and its corporator is the best chairman.
striking workers have been demanding the merger of the bmc and best budgets as well as higher salaries among other issues.
late sunday evening, thackeray had said that his party was in favour of merging the bmc and best budgets.
the financial condition of the best has deteriorated.
i had given the promise of merger of the budgets and that will be fulfilled.
a solution can be found only through the talks.
even though the best strike issue is in the court, i am ready to be part of the discussion if necessary, thackeray had said.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: maharashtra assembly on thursday unanimously granted 16 per cent reservation in government jobs and education in the state to the politically influential maratha community.
with this, the total caste quota in the state has moved up from the existing 52 per cent to 68 per cent, while around 85 per cent of the states population will now be able to enjoy the benefits of reservation.
the community had resorted to statewide agitation for quota over the last two years.
after 58 mammoth rallies in the initial stage, the agitation had turned fierce earlier this year when as many as 40 youths lost lives, demanding quota.
earlier two attempts to grant quota to the maratha community had been struck down by the courts.
fadnavis had assured the community that the quota would stand judicial scrutiny.
both houses of the legislature on thursday cleared the bill to grant quota to the community minutes after chief minister devendrafadnavis tabled it.
also read | maratha quota report: prithviraj chavan accuses maharashtra cm fadnavis of rule wordplaythe bill is called maharashtra state reservation (of seats for admission in education institutions in the state and for appointments in public services and posts under the state) for socially and educationally backward classes (sebc) act, 2018.
prior to tabling the bill, fadnavis tabled the action taken report (atr) on maharashtra state backward class commissions (msbcc) recommendations for reservation to the maratha community in government jobs and education.
sporting saffron turbans, bjp and sena members entered the house as the bill was tabled and raised slogans as it was cleared.
seeming to appropriate political credit for the passing of the bill, bjp supporters celebrated the development at each of their district and other offices, while shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray visited azad maidan where members of maratha community had resorted to hunger strike demanding withdrawal of cases filed against them during agitation a couple of months ago.
ncp leader ajit pawar congratulated the government for the legislation but, criticised the celebration.
bjp, sena patch upthe bjp appears to have been successful in wooing the shiv sena back after a brief spell of acrimony.
members of both the parties wore saffron turbans and shouted slogans in unison as the maratha quota bill was presented in the legislature on thursday.
sena will have two of its members as deputy chairperson and deputy speaker of the upper and lower house on friday.
by ptipalghar: gujarat mla jignesh mevani has attacked the bjp-led governments in centre and maharashtra over their misplaced priorities.
addressing a meeting of paryavarn samvardhan samiti at vasai in palghar district friday night, mevani took potshots at prime minister narendra modi over the proposed bullet train project linking mumbai with ahmedabad.
modi is a bluffer, a 'natasamrat' (dramatist) who makes only tall claims on development, he said.
the mla also appealed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to improve suburban train services.
what is the use of costly projects like bullet train when the common people cannot afford it?
the government thinks of costly projects but not of common people, he alleged.
without naming the bjp, mevani alleged that the issue of construction of a ram temple in ayodhya is being purposefully raised as lok sabha polls are approaching.
precious land of farmers is being acquired for projects like express ways and corridors, he said.
he also questioned the need for construction of the statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel in gujarat.
mevani said that farmers and land-owners in the vasai-virar belt should not surrender their land for the bullet train project.
mumbai: shiv sena today targeted former maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse again, saying he is reaping what he sowed, and his rehabilitation depends on the outcome of a probe conducted by agencies controlled by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the latest attack on khadse, who resigned in june over a slew of charges, came days after he reportedly said at a function that it was the party's faith in breaking news on electronic media that cost him his job.
khadse, in the presence of education minister vinod tawde, said despite knowing media news is not always true, the party (bjp) trusted media reports and wasted 40 years of his hard work (by asking him to resign), an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana said.
(agriculture minister) pandurang fundkar and (state bjp chief) raosaheb danve have spoken in khadse's favour.
but in the end, whether one is innocent or not is established by state machinery which does not go against the orders of their political bosses, the editorial said.
what you sow, so shall you reap.
khadse is experiencing it nowadays.
he was enjoying being the key person who caused the bjp-sena alliance to break (before the 2014 assembly polls).
little did he know his happiness would be so short lived, the sena said.
only fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio (and has administrative control over probe agencies) knows if khadse would be proved innocent and enjoy travelling in red beacon car once again (by becoming a minister), the ruling ally quipped.
in the eye of a storm over allegations of corruption, including irregularities in a land deal, khadse had resigned from his ministerial post in june.
khadse was considered as number 2 in the fadnavis cabinet and handled some vital portfolios.
the bjp veteran denied the allegations and has repeatedly said the party leadership asked him to quit on the basis of unsubstantiated charges.
by ptiyavatmal: after the embarrassment over the withdrawal of noted author nayantara sahgal's invitation, organisers of a marathi literary meet have decided to let a farmer's widow open the event, beginning in yavatmal friday.
akhil bharatiya sahitya mahamandal vice chairperson vidya deodhar made the announcement here thursday.
we have decided to inaugurate the literary meet at the hands of a woman who lost her husband to agricultural distress, she said.
the drought-prone yavatmal district in maharashtra is the 'epicentre' of farmers suicides, accounting for the maximum number of agrarian crisis-related deaths in the state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis won't be attending the meet, the 92nd akhil bharatiya marathi sahitya sammelan.
fadnavis won't be able to attend the literary meet, yavatmal district guardian minister and meet organiser madan yerawar said.
i appeal to authors and poets boycotting the event to rethink and attend the literary meet, the minister said.
mahamandal president shripad joshi on wednesday resigned following the controversy over the withdrawal of sahgal's invitation to the literary meet.
joshi had invited sahgal as the chief guest and keynote speaker for the meet.
the invitation was revoked on sunday after some workers of the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) objected to it.
amid flak by opposition leaders and authors over rescinding the invitation to sahgal, the chief minister's office (cmo) had monday distanced itself from the controversy.
soon after the cmo clarification, sahgal had said she won't attend the meet now even if a fresh invite were to be sent to her.
the cmo said the decision on whom to invite for the meet is taken by the organisers and the state government has no role in it.
many opposition leaders alleged the invitation was cancelled at the behest of the ruling bjp.
the cmo said the mahamandal is an autonomous body and neither the cm nor the state government interfere in its functioning.
the sharad pawar-led ncp was not impressed by the government's statement and had said the invitation was cancelled out of fear that prime minister narendra modi would not like if sahgal, niece of first prime minister jawaharlal nehru, attended the literary meet.
the noted english-language author was at the forefront of the 'award-wapsi' (returning of awards) campaign.
in 2015, several writers returned their awards to protest against what they described as rising intolerance and growing assault on free speech under the modi government.
historian ramachandra guha had said, the maharashtra that fears the words of a ninety one year old woman writer is the maharashtra of godse and his mentors, not the maharashtra of ambedkar, phule, gokhale or tilak.
mns chief raj thackeray had on monday said he deeply regretted' the inconvenience caused to supporters of such literary events by the action of a few of his men.
by animumbai: maharashtra leader prakash ambedkar of vanchit bahujan aghadi (vba) has clarified that his party will not enter into an alliance with congress in the forthcoming assembly polls.
he said that despite his party reaching out to congress for forging an alliance there is no response from the party.
read | bjp faction wants to contest all assembly seats with party-ruled local bodieswe had our meeting 2 days back and the issue was discussed at length.
one of our senior leaders has approached congress with the proposal that we will fight on 144 seats and congress can contest on the same number of seats.
however, there is no response, said prakash ambedkar.
congress has no interest in defeating bjp and shiv sena and only wants to save its skin and not to land in jail, he added.
read | next leader of opposition from prakash ambedkar's vba: devendra fadnaviswe will not go with the congress and will contest on 287 seats on own, said ambedkar.
last week on friday, aimim announced to break ties with prakash ambedkar-led vba saying that the parties could not reach a comfortable figure of seat distribution.
both parties contested 2019 lok sabha elections in an alliance.
assembly polls are due in october-november in the state.
mumbai: maharashtra legislative assembly on wednesday suspended 19 members of opposition congress and nationalist congress party (ncp) for unruly behaviour in and outside the house on saturday (march 18) during the presentation of the state budget in the house.
as soon as the house met for a special seating at 10am on wednesday, minister for parliamentary affairs girish bapat moved the motion to suspend the members till december 31, 2017 starting wednesday.
the motion was adopted through a voice vote.
opposition tried to raise objections to the motion and demanded that all members of opposition need to have been suspended as all of them participated in the demonstrations.
after realizing that the objection would not be heard, leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe-patil said that the opposition would boycott the proceedings of the house till the suspension is revoked.
a handful of opposition leaders then staged a walkout.
former ministers and senior ncp leaders bhaskar jadhav and jitendra awahad and senior congress leader vijay vadettiwar are among the 19 suspended members.
these members are charged with disrupting presentation of the budget by shouting slogans, furling banners, singing bhajans in the house and burning copies of the budget in the premises of the house.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had expressed deep displeasure over the scene during the budget presentation.
the motion adopted today prevents the suspended members from entering the assembly premises accusing their behaviour of bringing shame to the house.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and chuck robbins, ceo, cisco, launching the cisco\'s pune manufacturing unit, in mumbai on october 12 (ians)pune: keeping with its promise to be part of prime minister narendra modi's 'make in india' and 'digital india' initiatives, global networking giant cisco on wednesday launched its manufacturing operations in pune and announced it would build nagpur as smart city with its next-gen solutions.
the company will use the manufacturing unit to produce and ship orders for customers in the country as well as for testing, development, logistics and in-house repair capabilities.
the product portfolio will include routers, switches and various circuit boards, etc.
cisco, along with the maharashtra government, also announced it would roll out smart city solutions in nagpur, digital learning for students and skills development for local entrepreneurs in dharavi here to create an ecommerce hub.
we are happy to partner with cisco in the digital maharashtra initiative and believe that cisco's global experience and expertise will accelerate the digitisation of the state.
as part of its drive to digitise nagpur, maharashtra's second capital, cisco will enable city-wide network connectivity, smart and secure wi-fi hotspots and smart safety and surveillance solutions.
we came to india in 1995.
currently, we have over 11,000 employees here.
india offers a huge talent pool of highly-qualified scientists, engineers and designers along with ease of doing business, geographic location, and proximity to suppliers and customers, noted cisco ceo chuck robbins.
today's announcement reaffirms cisco's long-term commitment to india, a strategic centre of country digitisation and innovation, robbins told reporters here.
the various citizen services enabled by smart cities architecture, like smart transport, solid waste management, smart lighting, environmental sensors, and smart parking, will be integrated on cisco's city digital platform.
i congratulate cisco on the inauguration of its manufacturing facility and believe this is yet another milestone in strengthening india's position as a manufacturing hub and accelerating the economic prosperity of the country, said niti aayog ceo amitabh kant.
according to cisco's president, india & saarc, dinesh malkani, the move underscores india's strategic importance to cisco's global operations.
we have made significant investments in india since we established operations in the country in 1995, and today's announcement is another milestone in deepening our commitment to india, malkani told reporters.
cisco also announced plans to establish up to 25 cisco networking academies to train approximately 10,000 students in maharashtra by 2020.
the company also announced the expansion of the cisco networking academy programme and digital education and healthcare initiatives in fetri village in nagpur.
cisco also demonstrated how its india manufactured products will play an integral role in digital india by providing high performance wireless connectivity to get access to quality education.
the company also showcased how patients can be connected with doctors conveniently and efficiently, regardless of distance, through highly-secure immersive visual experiences.
the company will also collaborate on the state-wide rollout of broadband infrastructure to accelerate the digital maharashtra vision.
by ptimumbai: ruling allies bjp and shiv sena are set to announce seat-sharing arrangement for the ensuing elections in mumbai later monday, senior sena leader sanjay raut said.
bjp president amit shah is scheduled to visit matoshree, sena chief uddhav thackeray's residence in suburban bandra monday and seal the alliance, another sena leader said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in mumbai last week, fuelling speculation that the bickering ruling alliance partners in maharashtra and at the centre may come together ahead of the lok sabha polls.
senior sena leaders, including uddhav thackeray, have been maintaining that the party will contest the polls independently.
also read: mns may join anti-bjp front in maharashtra as ncp leadership meets raj thackeraytoday evening uddhavji and bjp national president amit shah will announce the seat-sharing formula for the lok sabha elections which are a couple of months away, raut told pti.
the sena in january last year announced its decision of going solo in future elections.
however, the two parties contested some legislative council seats with mutual understanding, a bjp leader said.
fadnavis had on february 14 returned here halfway through his vidarbha tour to meet thackeray.
the chief minister said later that they had positive talks on state-related issues.
also read: shiv sena-bjp are 'best couple': ncp leader dhananjay munde's jibe on valentine's daythe sena has been regularly hitting out at its ally bjp on various issues over the last few years.
while the bjp had indicated that it would like to form an alliance with it for the coming lok sabha elections, the sena had so far been giving mixed signals.
the bjp and shiv sena had contested the 2014 lok sabha elections jointly.
however, the bjp had parted ways with the sena ahead of the maharashtra assembly elections held later that year.
the bjp had then won 122 seats in the state while the sena could bag only 63.
by express news servicemumbai: the maharashtra government has entrusted engineering major larsen & toubro with construction of a memorial to maratha king shivaji in the arabian sea off the mumbai coast on the lines of the statue of liberty in new york.
the state government handed over a letter of acceptance to l&t on thursday in the presence of chief minister devendra fadnavis.
revenue minister chandrakant patil made an announcement in this regard in the state legislative council.
the state government had received three bids for the project, of which the bid presented by larsen & tubro was accepted after it qualified in the final step of the bidding process.
a committee headed by the chief secretary discussed the finer aspects of the bid with the project management consultants and the bidder, and after considering the legal opinions the bid was finalised at `2,500 crore plus gst, patil said in his statement in the council.
construction of the memorial on 6.
8 hectares of a submerged island would be completed in three years.
it will include shivajis statue, which will be 210 metres high, a jetty, and a museum.
twelve no-objection certificates have been acquired from the agencies concerned for the project and an environment impact assessment has been completed, the minister added.
chief minister fadnavis directed the companys officials to initiate the work before the monsoon rains begin.
the memorial had been conceived for more than 15 years.
by iansmumbai: the congress on monday 'invited' prime minister narendra modi to spend diwali with the drought-hit farmers of marathwada region to understand their distress.
the pm wished the nation 'happy diwali' in his radio programme 'mann ki baat' yesterday (sunday), but how will the farmers of marathwada battling severe water crisis celebrate the festival of lights, state congress president ashok chavan said during the party's ongoing 'jan sangharsh yatra' in parbhani on monday.
he urged modi to immediately announce central assistance for the drought-affected regions in the state.
chavan also sought a relief package, clean drinking water and uninterrupted power supply as the best diwali gift for the state's agrarian community.
chavan slammed maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for giving media interviews to celebrate his government's four years in power (on october 31), asking him to personally supervise relief work for the drought-affected regions.
instead of giving interviews in mumbai about the drought in maharashtra, he should personally remain present in marathwada to listen to the farmers' grievances, the former chief minister said.
mumbai: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday claimed that the bjp was eyeing a reconciliation with it as they have understood their mistake, even as he ruled out any possibility of an alliance with it after the bmc elections.
(bjp president) amit shah says it is a friendly match between them (in bmc polls).
it only means that they have realised their mistake.
they have understood that they have taken wrong steps and it will be difficult for them to fight the anger of mumbaikars.
thus, they are now trying to get back to us, thackeray said.
shah had last sunday said there were no differences with the sena and that he hoped its decision to contest the maharashtra civic polls independently was not going to cause damage to the alliance.
the shiv sena recently snapped ties with the bjp in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), the country's richest civic body, the elections for which are scheduled on february 21.
recently, uddhav thackeray had said that the bjp was merely serving its notice period.
speaking to the new indian express, he clarified, saying, our ministers met chief minister devendrafadnavis to demand crop loan waiver.
the bjp has assured farmers of uttar pradesh that their crop loans would be waived off.
i said, why should farmers in maharashtra not get the same benefit when we are ruling here.
he added, the chief minister has been talking about transparency in the municipal corporation.
i asked him why not have similar transparency in the state government too.
that would prevent doubts over issues like chikki scam.
our expectations are that simple.
but, the government would stay on notice period till issues like these are resolved.
saying that the bjp has been inducting goons into the party, he added, this is unacceptable to us.
the economic survey has shown that mumbai tops in transparency.
the chief minister said that we are misquoting the document.
but, if that is the case, why was the bjp with us all these years in the corporation?
.
thackeray also said that he was not satisfied with the style of functioning of the bjp government.
he said: what are the achievements of the governments (at the centre and in the state) in the past two and a half years?
did they promise demonetisation in their manifesto?
if not, why did they take such a big decision in a haphazard way?
he added, the bjp has changed.
they use the word transformation - parivartan.
but, i dont understand what kind of transformation this is, where they have started sporting goons on their posters instead of stalwarts like vajpayee and advani.
the bjp was really a party with a difference in the days when we joined hands with them.
but, they have transformed.
when asked if the shiv sena would withdraw support to the shiv sena at the centre, thackeray said: we are in the government for the people.
we are there to keep them under control.
we have to play this balancing act of being in power and acting like an opposition to keep a tab on the bjp.
we shall keep criticising their policies and decisions which we feel are wrong.
the party is contesting elections in goa and uttar pradesh.
talking about taking on a national role, uddhav said: we have been receiving invitations from all across the country ever since the 1990s.
however, post 1992 (babri) we took a conscious decision to concentrate only on maharashtra and let bjp look after the other states.
but, now ive started honouring all invitations.
my idea is that there needs to be a grand alliance of regional parties from other states that would honour regional sentiments.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: maharashtra government has initiated the process to withdraw cases filed during maratha agitation and bhima koregaon violence, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured the state legislature on friday.
majority of the cases would be withdrawn except those are very severe, he added.
a total of 543 cases had been filed in connection with violence during maratha agitation.
the state government has decided to withdraw most of these cases except 46 which are of serious nature.
similarly, 655 cases had been filed after violence related to bhima koregaon episode.
in another 117 cases where charge sheets have been filed, the request regarding withdrawal of cases has been sent to the courts.
in 314 cases, the investigation is still on and we hope that they too would be withdrawn eventually.
in the remaining 46 cases, the crimes are severe.
there are strong evidences involving cctv footage and the agitators have even attacked police.
such cases won't be withdrawn.
similarly, 655 cases had been registered related to reactions of bhima koregaon violence, of which 159 have been withdrawn, other 275 cases where charge sheets have been filed are in the process of being withdrawn.
in 158 cases the investigation is still not been closed.
in those cases charge sheet would be filed and then the cases would be withdrawn.
remaining 63 cases involve attacks on police and other serious crimes where strong evidences are available.
such cases won't be withdrawn, the chief minister said.
fadnavis also assured the house that the kin of persons who committed suicide during maratha agitation would certainly receive relief from the government.
it might appear to be a wrong precedent as it might give out a message that demands are met only when suicides are committed and then government supports the families.
he also assured the house that adequate measures are being taken to rehabilitate families of farmers who have committed suicide and arrangements have been done to ensure that they would get benefits of all the government schemes.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: a century-old building in south mumbai collapsed on tuesday morning killing at least three people, say police.
while the rescue operations took a little longer to begin due to the narrow lanes making it impossible for large vehicles to move in, at least 40-50 people are believed to have been trapped under the debris.
the building, named kausar baug, was a ground plus four-storied structure.
it collapsed at around 11.
40 am and the fire brigade got the first information at 12.
10 pm.
the deceased and the injured have been identified as:narrow lanes in the abdul hamid durgah area of dongri in south mumbai made it very difficult for the official agencies to reach the spot.
while local people had begun rescue operations along with fire brigade and bmc officials, the ndrf team could reach the spot only after about two hours, said, officials.
cm @dev_fadnavis speaks to media on #mumbaibuildingcollapse incident in dongri where more than 40 people are feared trapped.
https://t.
co/og4hxsctqk pic.
twitter.com/k1duzqa1y8  cmo maharashtra (@cmomaharashtra) july 16, 2019at least 15 families were living in the building, which was declared dilapidated and had already been handed over to a developer for redevelopment, officials added.
also read: will take action against those responsible for lapses, says housing authoritythe building belonged to maharashtra housing development authority (mhada).
however, it had been given no objection certificate (noc) for redevelopment and a developer was appointed by local residents in 2012, said uday samant, chairman of mhada.
mumbai: kesarbai building has collapsed at tandel street, in dongri.
more than 40 people are feared trapped.
pic.
twitter.com/h2evbtgah6  ani (@ani) july 16, 2019as the building collapsed it sent shock waves shaking adjacent buildings.
as the residents complained about the shocks, rescue operators vacated the adjoining buildings as safety measures.
also read: minor wrapped in cloth rescued from mumbai building collapse debrislocal mla varis pathan accused the authorities of neglecting the old dilapidated buildings.
the building was about 100 years old.
we had given permission to redevelop that area.
we will know after investigation if the redevelopment initiative was delayed.
right now we are focusing on rescuing trapped people, said chief minister devendrafadnavis after the cabinet meeting.
also read: confusion prevails over ownership of 100-year-old kausarbaug buildingbuilding safety is the most serious concern in the south mumbai area where the concentration of old buildings is very high.
according to statistics, while around 499 of such buildings have been declared dangerous only about 70 have been vacated and an even lesser number have been cleared for redevelopment.
meanwhile, the name of the ill-fated kausar baug building, which crashed on tuesday killing at least two persons, is mysteriously omitted from a comprehensive list of 499 dangerous buildings prepared by the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), said an rti activist.
by express news servicemumbai: in a sign of fresh trouble brewing in the ruling alliance in maharashtra, the bjps desire to get the chief ministers post again appears to have caused unease in the shiv sena.
members of the core committee of the state bjp unit recently had a meeting with party president amit shah, in which shah is learnt to have set a target of winning 228 of the 288 assembly seats in the state in the upcoming elections.
the bjp should have its cm this time also, and with an increased mandate, shah reportedly told the party workers.
this has caused unrest in the sena, which has been aspiring to the post for a long time.
shiv sena spokesperson manisha kayande said that fadnavis had spoken in public about the bjp and shiv sena sharing posts and responsibilities equally, and hence senas wish to get the cms post was not unfounded.
a sena leader said that the party would want a major chunk of assembly seats in mumbai, thane, pune and nashik  four cities it has ruled for a long time.
the bjp however, is unlikely to give up seats it has won in these areas.
this issue, if not resolved, may cause rebellion in the alliance during the assembly polls.
the lok sabha polls saw the bjp-led nda that includes the shiv sena winning 41 of 48 seats in maharashtra.
by iansmumbai: a senior congress leader from vidarbha vijay n wadettiwar was appointed the new leader of opposition (lop) in the maharashtra legislative assembly here on monday.
he replaced the former lop and ex-congressman radhakrishna vikhe-patil who left the party to join the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and is now a cabinet minister in chief minister devendra fadnavis' government.
last week, wadettiwar - who became the first legislator from the vidarbha region to be appointed as the lop - was named the congress group leader in the assembly for which allies nationalist congress party and other parties extended their unanimous support.
fadnavis, who also hails from nagpur (in vidarbha) and had described wadettiwar as a future leader of opposition last week, on monday welcomed his appointment and lauded his long years of public service in the eastern part of the state.
vikhe-patil and other leaders congratulated wadettiwar on his new post.
also read | radhakrishna vikhe patil's arch-rival thorat named clp leader in maharashtra assemblyelected from brahmapuri and a former minister, wadettiwar (57) has been rewarded with the post - enjoying a cabinet minister status - for preventing the congress's total elimination in the state after the may lok sabha elections.
appointed in-charge of chandrapur and gadchiroli districts, he managed to get the shiv sena's warora legislator suresh dhanorkar into the congress' fold, barely weeks before the elections.
dhanorkar was given the congress ticket for chandrapur and he emerged a giant killer - defeating bjp strongman and union minister of state for home hansraj ahir - and helping the opposition party to secure its sole lok sabha seat from the state.
wadettiwar is the third leader of opposition in the maharashtra assembly since 2014.
the post was first held by the shiv sena's eknath shinde briefly before the party joined the government in late 2014.
it then went to the congress' vikhe-patil till he left the party and joined the government last sunday.
by ptimumbai: union home minister and bjp president amit shah will attend the concluding rally of maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' 'mahajanadesh yatra' in solapur on september 1, a party leader said on wednesday.
fadnavis is currently in the second phase of his mass outreach initiative, launched ahead of the state assembly polls due in september-october.
his yatra will conclude in solapur district on sunday.
union home minister amit shah has confirmed that he will be attending the valedictory rally of the second phase of the mahajanadesh yatra, said a bjp leader in-charge of the campaign.
the rally is planned in solapur on september 1.
shah will attend the rally and also hold a meeting with the state bjp leaders, he added.
he earlier said his 'mahajanadesh yatra (mega mandate march) is aimed at giving an account to people of the state what the bjp-led government did in last five years.
fadnavis started his mass contact programme from amravati district in vidarbha region on august 1.
he, however, suspended it on august 6 in view of rains wrecking havoc in many parts of the state, even as the opposition charged him then with giving priority to his campaign.
the chief minister later resumed his yatra from august 21.
by ptimumbai: former maharashtra minister and congress leader mohammed arif naseem khan fridayaccused the bjp-led government in the state of trying to create a rift between muslims and other backward classes (obcs).
he said there was no need for muslims to approach the state backward class commission (sbcc) for a survey to establish backwardness of the community as sought by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
talking to reporters, khan, who was minority affairs minister in the erstwhile congress-ncp government, demanded reservation in jobs and education for the minority community.
our government had instituted a commission under former ias officermehmood- ul-rehman to do a survey regarding backwardness of the community.
we listed 52 sub-castes who were socially, educationally and economically backward and gave 5 per cent quota in jobs and education, he said.
the courtupheld the quota (for muslims) in education (but stayed the same in public service).
we want the government to restore the ordinance(regarding muslim quota) which has lapsed, the congress mla demanded.
he said the fadnavis government is trying to create differences between muslims and obcs by suggesting that the minority community approach the sbcc to establish its backwardness.
khan's comments came in the backdrop of the state legislature approving a bill granting 16 per cent reservation to marathas in government jobs and education after the commission, following a survey, established they were socially and educationally backward.
by express news servicemumbai: accusing the bharatiya janata party (bjp) of grossly undermining the constitution, bhim army founder chandrashekhar azad on monday said that the saffron party would be dethroned at the centre as well as the state in 2019.
azad was to conduct rallies in mumbai, pune and bhima koregaon during his three-day tour of the state.
however, after the police refused permission for his rally in mumbai and put several of his supporters under preventive arrest on saturday, he had moved the hc against an order of the pune police seeking interim permission to hold rallies in pune and bhima koregaon.
why was i was put under house arrest while no such action was taken against milind ekbote and sambhaji bhide, the accused of violence at bhima koregaon last year?
he asked.
while hearing the case on monday, the vacation bench of justice c v bhadang directed the pune police to file its affidavit in response to the petition.
the court refused to pass any interim order and directed the police to file its affidavit while posting the petition for hearing on january 4.
by ptimumbai: on the eve of the launch of his mass outreach programme aimed at building momentum ahead of the assembly elections, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday reiterated the bjp and the shiv sena would contest together unlike 2014.
speaking at a function after inducting four mlas of the congress and the ncp into the bjp, the chief minister said the bjp, the sena and allied parties would like to break the record of winning a maximum number of seats in the state polls.
fadnavis' statement has put to rest the rumours, at least for now, that the saffron allies might contest separately to accommodate turncoats of the congress and the ncp.
the sharad pawar-led ncp has witnessed a string of desertions in the recent past.
on tuesday, three mlas of the ncp and one of the congress resigned from the state legislative assembly.
they joined the bjp in the presence of the chief minister and state bjp president chandrakant patil on wednesday morning.
also read | bjp, shiv sena explore own strength before maharashtra assembly electionthe three ncp mlas who switched their loyalties are shivendraraje bhosale from satara, sandeep naik from airoli in navi mumbai, and vaibhav pichad from akole in ahmednagar district.
the lone congress mla is kalidas kolambkar from wadala in mumbai.
the bjp, the shiv sena and allied parties will contest the assembly elections jointly.
we want to break the record of winning the maximum number of seats in maharashtra, the chief minister said.
pointing out the likely discord over sharing of seats, a bjp leader said vaibhav and kolambkar have been generally contesting against opponents from the sena from their respective constituencies of akole and wadala.
as they have joined the bjp, the party will most likely field them from their respective constituencies in the assembly polls.
a million-dollar question is will the shiv sena be ready to share those seats with the bjp?
he said.
fadnavis is embarking on a month-long 'mahajanadesh yatra' beginning from amravati district in east maharashtra on thursday.
the yatra will culminate in nashik in north maharashtra on august 31.
the saffron alliance in maharashtra has survived various vicissitudes in the past.
the bjp and the shiv sena had contested the 2014 elections separately but joined hands later to form a bjp-led government.
in the keenly-fought polls, the bjp had won 122 out of total 288 seats and the shiv sena 63.
the congress and the ncp had won 42 and 41 seats, respectively.
by ptimumbai: karnataka has so far discharged 4.
50 lakh cusecs water from the almatti dam, a move which is expected to ease flood situation in kolhapur and sangli districts of maharashtra.
an official in the chief minister's office (cmo) here said at present the discharge from the dam on the krishna river in bijapur district of neighbouring karnataka was 4,50,000 cusecs (cubic foot per second).
the discharge from the dam was 4,30,352 cusecs at 10 am on friday which was later raised to 4,50,000, he said.
the official said by friday evening, the discharge would be 5 lakh cusecs as demanded by chief minister devendrafadnavis from his karnataka counterpart b s yediyurappa.
also read | sharad pawar urges maharashtra government to waive farmers' loans in flood-hit areasmeanwhile, fadnavis on friday briefed prime minister narendra modi on the flood situation in the state.
a statement from the cmo said the prime minister took detailed information on the situation, rescue and relief measures and assured all assistance from the centre.
an indian air force helicopter has landed in sangli, where it will be deployed to distribute relief material, the statement said.
a total of 34 teams are working in kolhapur and 36 in sangli.
these include teams of the ndrf, navy, coast guard and sdrf, it added.
besides sangli and kolhapur, satara, pune and solapur districts are also reeling under floods.
as of thursday, over two lakh people have been evacuated to safer places in these five flood-affected districts.
new delhi: members in the rajya sabha today expressed concern over the leakage of question papers for common entrance examination for 'other ranks' of the army in the pune zone, as the government said a cbi probe has been ordered.
minister of state for defence subhash bhamre said the leakage had only occurred in the pune zone and the government has already ordered a cbi enquiry into the matter while the army authorities were also looking into it.
the exam slated in february was cancelled after the leakage was detected.
he said the government has approved the introduction of online entrance examination in the army in ambala, chennai and jaipur recruiting zones on a pilot basis.
the minister said the crime branch of thane had received a tip-off and carried out raids in goa, nagpur and pune.
among those who expressed concern was shiv sena member sanjay raut, who said the daredevilry of the culprits behind the racket has to be observed as the leak happened in goa, from where then defence minister manohar parrikar hails, and nagpur where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis belongs.
he sought to know whether it was considered a failure of the army's vigilance mechanism.
bhamre said in addition to the probe by the police, an enquiry has also been ordered by the army authorities to identify the persons involved in the leakage and pinpoint the responsibility and procedural lapses.
according to the minister, the exam was scheduled to held on february 26 but was cancelled after the racket came to light and was busted.
digvijay singh of the congress claimed that there was a large scale conspiracy in such examinations and said a similar strategy was adopted in vyapam also in madhya pradesh.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday sought to reach out to mlas and mlcs of the shiv sena to ensure the bjp and the uddhav thackeray-led party contest upcoming elections in unison.
fadnavis invited the legislators of the bjp and the sena over a dinner.
at the occasion, the chief minister expressed hope that the nda allies would work hard to improve their tally in lok sabha elections, a bjp mla said.
fadnavis also admitted that ncp chief sharad pawar is more experienced but sena-bjp can still outsmart him in the poll campaign.
he also stressed that the congress and the ncp are losing this battle even before elections are announced, the mla said.
pawar is expected to contest from madha lok sabha constituency.
recently, bjp chief amit shah and fadnavis had appealed to party workers to ensure that baramati, the pocket-borough of pawar, be won in elections.
both the parties should campaign in such a way that they are campaigning for their own party candidate.
the bjp-sena alliance will definitely win the elections again, the mla quoted the cm as saying.
as per the poll pact, the bjp will contest 25 of total 48 ls seats in maharashtra and the shiv sena 23.
the ruling allies also announced to share a number of assembly seats equally for upcoming elections, after accommodating their allies.
maharashtra has 288 assembly seats.
by ptigandhinagar: patidar quota stir spearhead hardik patel is pushing for a survey to establish social and economic backwardness of the community in gujarat so that they qualify for reservation in jobs, days after marathas were granted reservation in maharashtra after a similar exercise.
patel led a delegation on thursday to meet chairperson of the obc commission of gujarat and demanded a survey of the patidar (patel) community by the panel.
we met chairman of obc commission sugnaben bhatt and handed an 11-page letter asking her to conduct a survey that the entire patel community is socially and educationally backward, he told reporters after the meeting.
we have demanded that survey be started as soon as possible.
it is mandatory to prove in a survey that a community is backward and after that only it (community) becomes eligible to receive reservation, he said.
the move of patidar anamat andolan samiti (paas) led by hardik patel comes after maharashtra's state backward class commission gave a report on backwardness of the marathas after which the government announced quota for the community.
on his meeting thursday with sugnaben bhatt, 25-year-old hardik patel said, the commission heard us and gave a positive feedback.
they will give us a reply in a week's time.
he said the bjp is in power in gujarat for over two decades, but it has still not taken a decision on granting quota to the patidars, who have been agitating over the issue.
after only 3.
5 years of being in power, the bjp government in maharashtra has decided to give reservation to marathas, while the bjp government of gujarat which is in power for the last 25 years is not giving anything to us, he said.
we got a ray of hope after the decision of the maharashtra government, hardik patel said.
this is the first time since 2015, when the paas launched its agitation for reservation, that hardik patel has gone to the obc commission with a demand for a survey of the patidar community.
earlier, some sub-groups of the patel community had approached the commission for such a survey.
our application is for the entire patidar community.
we represent the entire community, hardik patel said in response to a question regarding earlier application submitted to the panel by some sub-groups of the community.
hardik patel had started his agitation for reservation for the patel community in august 2015 by organising a mega rally in the gmdc ground in ahmedabad.
however, violence broke out in different parts of the state after the rally.
at least 14 people lost their lives in clashes with police, while protesters damaged public properties worth crore of rupees.
to pacify the influential community, the government came out with an ordinance declaring 10 per cent reservation for the poor among upper-castes in gujarat, including the patels.
the paas had been demanding quota for the patels under the obc category.
however, the gujarat high court struck down the ordinance, terming it as anti-constitution.
the state government had appealed against the ruling in the supreme court, where the case is pending.
during the 2017 gujarat assembly elections, the congress had promised reservation to the patel community if elected to power.
hardik patel had openly supported the main opposition party over the reservation issue.
by animumbai: the death toll due to wall collapse in pimpripada area of malad east rose to 23 on wednesday.
more than 70 people have been injured in the incident which occurred due to heavy rainfall.
earlier, additional municipal commissioner of brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), ashwini joshi said that the state government will provide rs 5 lakhs as compensation to the families of the people killed in rain-related incidents while the bmc too will pitch in a similar amount.
the state government has promised a sum of rs 5 lakhs to the families of those who died in mumbai, including the victims of the wall collapse in malad.
the state government has also urged bmc to give a similar sum to the victims.
meanwhile, we are taking care of all expenses related to the treatment of the injured people, joshi said at a press conference here.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and minister of state for urban development yogesh sagar have visited shatabdi hospital to meet the injured.
fadnavis also took stock of the situation in the rain-drenched city during a visit to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) control room.
national disaster response force (ndrf), fire brigade and police had rushed to the spot to rescue those trapped under the debris.
mumbai: expressing displeasure with the way the adhm controversy was handled by the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , congress mp shashi tharoor today said he favoured inviting pakistani artists, creative people and businessmen to boost bilateral ties.
we should welcome creative people, artistes and genuine businessmen (from pakistan) to india, tharoor said, during a debate in the tata literature live festival here tonight.
we have to create a 'home away from home' situation for them, he said, adding that hostility between the two countries can be a mood but not a policy.
in a scathing comment about the way fadnavis handled the controversy surrounding karan johar-directed 'ae dil hai mushkil' when mns opposed the film because it had pakistani actor fawad khan, tharoor said, certainly no congress chief minister would have ever negotiated (with outfits like mns).
the raj thackeray-led party later relented on the condition that the producers would give a donation to army welfare fund.
fadnavis later denied that he brokered the 'deal' between mns and the adhm producers.
taking part in a debate on 'india and pakistan can never be friends', tharoor contended that people-to-people cooperation would improve bilateral ties.
create an umbrella where artists, the fashion designers and genuine businesspersons would interact more frequently, form associations which would create a constituency of goodwill, tharoor said.
by ptimumbai: senior maharashtra ncp leader ajit pawar tuesday owned up the responsibility for his son parth's defeat from maval lok sabha constituency in the debut contest.
shiv sena's shrirang barne defeated parth from the constituency that covers parts of pune and raigad districts by a margin of 215913 votes.
analysing the outcome, the former deputy chief minister said the people had made up their minds to see narendra modi as prime minister again.
people have given their mandate, we accept it and as ajit pawar i am responsible for it, he told reporters when asked about parth's defeat.
he made the remarks after attending the meeting of the constituents of the grand alliance in maharashtra to discuss the poll results and the way forward.
ollow our full election coverage herethe meeting was attended by leaders of the congress, left, swabhimani shetkari sanghatana, samajwadi party and other parties, besides the ncp.
pawar said the opposition parties should move on now and take steps to see how the maharashtra assembly polls could be won.
he also said ncp chief sharad pawar might meet with chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue of drought on tuesday or wednesday.
in the keenly-fought contest, the nda won 41 out of total 48 seats in maharashtra.
while the congress shrunk to just one seat, the sharad pawar-led ncp managed to retain its 2014 tally of four seats.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra congress president ashok chavan friday accused chief minister devendrafadnavis of personally calling up congress mlas and asking them to join the bjp.
addressing a press conference after a two-day district-wise review meeting for assembly poll preparations began here, chavan, however, said he didn't think anybody from his party would join the bjp.
i don't think anybody from congress will leave the party.
fadnavis is calling many of them and asking them to join the bjp.
the cm is toiling to break the congress.
he is calling up many mlas, but i don't think anyone will respond, chavan said.
hitting out at former colleague radhakrishna vikhe patil for his remark that he will wipe out the congress from ahmednagar, chavan said, just because of the win in the lok sabha polls, such over-confidence is unwarranted.
it is not necessary the lok sabha results will be replicated in the assembly.
the bjp has done very well in the lok sabha polls.
but it should not get overjoyed.
the fact is people are very unhappy with the state government and assembly results could be very different from that of the lok sabha, chavan said.
vikhe patil's son sujay won the ahmednagar lok sabha seat on a bjp ticket.
vikhe patil had quit as leader of opposition in the state assembly and then resigned as mla as well.
speaking about the district wise review, chavan said the two-day meeting was convened to discuss alliances for the assembly polls scheduled for later this year.
majority wanted an alliance with the vanchit bahujan aghadi, which contested all the 48 parliamentary seats in the state, resulting in the defeat of congress-ncp candidates in about ten seats, chavan said.
when asked about ncp chief sharad pawar's statement asking his party workers to take a leaf out of rss volunteers' book and show perseverance in reaching out to voters, chavan said, there is nothing worth emulating in the rss.
the congress has always been ideologically opposed to the rss.
the meeting on friday saw leaders and workers from marathwada and north maharashtra in attendance, and discussions ranged from lok sabha results to the drought situation in the state, party functionaries said.
mumbai: political circles in maharashtra were awash with activity on friday after the issue of corruption in the shiv sena-bjp led brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) came to the fore once again after actor and comedian kapil sharmas tweet in which he alleged that a bribe of `5 lakh was demanded from him by a corporation official.
in an explosive tweet, sharma alleged that he was paying `15 crore income tax for the last five years and still had to pay a bribe of `5 lakh to a bmc engineer for making his office.
is this your achhe din?
he asked prime minister narendra modi, by tagging him on twitter.
taking a serious note of the tweet, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured the comedian of strictest action against the culprit if necessary information was provided.
however, as it later became clear that sharma was engaged in illegal construction on his property at varsova in the western suburbs of the city and had received notices from the municipal corporation in that regard, the comedian, in an apparent attempt to hush up the issue, tweeted again and expressed his wish to discuss the issue with the chief minister in person.
i just voiced my concern on the corruption i faced with certain individuals.
.
.
its no blame on any political party be it bjp, mns or shivsena (sic), sharma tweeted later.
earlier in the day, as sharmas tweet and the cms response went viral, yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray appealed to the comedian to furnish details so that proper action could be initiated.
shiv sena corporator kishori pednekar said, we will have to check whether there is a comedy in his statements.
if he is just joking, he would be taught a lesson in shiv sena style.
the congress wasted no time in taking potshots at fadnavis saying that he needs to take cognisance of the common mans complains just the way he responded to the comedians complaint.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today asked the party leaders and workers to keep the welfare of people at the centre of their politics.
bjp is an ideology-driven party.
party workers think beyond themselves in the larger interest of the society, he said.
there was a time when congress' mass base was strong.
work for people and think beyond self-interest.
remember, red-beacon cars are there as long as we keep the development agenda in mind.
otherwise, we will be back on bicycles, he said.
people trust prime minister modi's agenda of transparency and development, and the recent election results proved this, he said.
bjp should not betray the trust of the common man and should ensure a people-oriented and corruption-free government, he said.
by ptimumbai: anti-corruption crusader anna hazare ended his indefinite fast on its seventh day on tuesday after over six-hour-long meeting with chief minister devendrafadnavis and union agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
im completely convinced after the long discussions i had with fadnavis, radha mohan singh, (mos defense) subhash bhamre and (state irrigation minister) girish mahajan.
apart from the issues related to the implementation of lokpal and appointment of lokayukta, the government has also agreed to grant autonomy to the commission for agricultural costs and prices.
this is a huge thing that would benefit the farmers, hazare said as he declared that he is ending his hunger strike.
maharashtra: anna hazare ends his fast in ralegan siddhi, ahmednagar.
he was on a fast since the last six days for the formation of lokpal at the centre and lokayuktas in the states.
pic.
twitter.com/ybajgk0tec  ani (@ani) february 5, 2019on the proposed lokayukta act, hazare said that, just like the rti which was brought in maharashtra initially and then the centre adopted it, the lokayukta act would prove to be a model for the whole nation and would prove to be an effective tool to put an end to the corruption on all levels of the government administration.
also read: anna hazare says bjp 'used' him during 2014 electionsemerging from the over five-hour long meeting fadnavis spoke before the people of ralegan siddhi and the media representatives first.
he described the various issues raised in the meeting and gave the action points that the government would follow in the days to come.
maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis: we have decided that the lokpal search committee will meet on 13 february and the directions of the supreme court will be followed.
a joint drafting committee has been set up, it will prepare a new bill and we will introduce it in next session.
pic.
twitter.com/6f2g73em7h  ani (@ani) february 5, 2019we have decided that the lokpal search committee will meet on 13 february and the directions of the supreme court will be followed.
the committee would have members recommended by anna.
also read: people will hold pm modi responsible if anything happens to me, says anna hazarehazare had also raised demands related to farmers welfare.
the rules regarding granting autonomy to the commission for agricultural costs and prices have been drafted.
kochi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today termed as unfortunate the killing of five people in police firing during a farmers' agitation in madhya pradesh, but said very grave situation there necessitated police action.
what happened in madhya pradesh is unfortunate (and) no government ever wants to do that.
but the situation also was very grave, it could have turned more problematic, he told reporters here in response to a query on farmers' stir in madhya pradesh.
so nobody can justify (it).
.
.
even the chief minister of madhya pradesh has not justified the action, he said.
however, fadnavis hailed the steps taken by mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan to improve farm production in his state during his over a decade-long rule.
fadnavis is in kerala to participate in events organised by the state unit of the bjp to mark the narendra modi government's three years at the centre.
admitting that there were issues in the farm sector in maharashtra, the chief minister said it happened because the farm prices are no more controlled by government post globalisation.
he also blamed the four-year-long drought situation that prevailed in maharashtra for the farm crisis.
we in maharashtra had successive drought for four years.
he said the farm crisis which was there is not pan maharashtra.
it was in certain parts of maharashtra and the life was not affected even a single day.
but still we feel that demands of farmers are there.
we are trying to address it, he said.
the chief minister said people of the state knew that his government was working with good intentions and that helped the bjp to sweep the elections held to local bodies in the state recently.
we swept all elections including zilla parishads, nagar palika, municipal corporations and that is because the people know this government is working and has good intentions, he said.
fadnavis also hit out at kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan over alleged political killings in the state.
he said vijayan should concentrate on issues of governance rather than convening meetings of chief ministers on the centre's notification banning sale and purchase of cattle for slaughter in animal market.
the more grave situation here is political killings.
i think he should concentrate more on that.
whether these killings are state sponsored is something which i think he needs to answer, he said.
democracy is all about discussion.
we are not enemies.
.
we are political opponents.
.
our ideologies may differ.
.
we may defeat each other in elections.
.
but when in democracy you start killing your political opponents, you start killing the ideologies because we differ in ideologies we start defeating the democracy, he said.
the confirmation that the five farmers were killed in police firing bears significance as the mp government had initially claimed that the police did not fire at the agitating farmers.
five persons were killed on june 6 as the farmers' agitation turned violent in mandsaur district of madhya pradesh, prompting the authorities to clamp curfew in the trouble-hit area.
mandsaur has been on the boil since the farmers' agitation in the district turned violent.
farmers in western madhya pradesh are protesting since june 1 over various demands including fixing of a crop prices.
mumbai: beating shiv senas bravado and the deadlock strategy of the opposition congress-ncp combine, bjp government in maharashtra presented its third budget on saturday amidst pandemonium in both the houses of legislature.
contrary to expectations there was no announcement of loan waiver, but there were several pro-farmer provisions.
shiv sena supported the government on the budget despite its call for loan waiver, while opposition leaders burnt copies of budget outside the assembly after it was presented in the house.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar did not make any big-ticket announcements as he presented the budget for the year 2017-18.
he also did not announce any new taxes, except an increase in taxes on liquor and lottery.
describing it as the agriculture centric budget, mungantiwar announced several provisions for the agriculture sector.
provisions of 8233 crore for irrigation projects, rs 979 crore to compensate backlog of agriculture pumps and implementation of agriculture infrastructure projects, rs 400 crore for the world bank assisted project of weather resilient agriculture and rs 200 crore for pilot project on group farming to improve agricultural production were some of the provisions that he mentioned.
in a bid to push industries across the state, the government has proposed to set aside rs 1,000 crore as incentives in terms of electricity rates, at marathwada and vidarbha.
with an aim to promote cashless transactions, the state government has also brought down to zero, from the earlier 13 , the tax on card swiping machines to zero.
the state has allocated a sizable chunk for various infrastructure projects, including the development of airports and construction of metro corridors.
mungantiwar allocated rs 7,000 crore to the public works department for better roads across state.
the government also allocated rs 700 crore for the construction of metro lines in mumbai, pune and nagpur.
in a bid to develop infrastructure in the state, the finance minister announced setting up of a special purpose vehicle to raise rs 1 lakh crore.
out of every rs 100 earned as revenue, rs 78.
3 comes from taxes on income and expenditure, property and capital transactions, commodities and services.
rs 8.
3 comes from non-tax revenue such as interest receipts, dividends and profits, and the remaining rs 13.
43 comes from grants-in-aid and contributions as part of state and central plan schemes, and non-plan grants.
on the expenditure side, a lions share goes to social services with the government intending to spend rs 46 out of every rs 100 on it.
keeping up with its welfare measures, the next big chunk, of rs 33 is spent on general services, while another rs 17.
44 is earmarked towards economic services of which around rs 12.
5 is the interest component.
some loose change of rs 3.
43 out of every rs 100 is also chucked at grants-in-aid and other schemes.
despite demands from the shiv sena and the opposition, mungantiwar did not make any announcement on the loan waiver for farmers.
however, the shiv sena members, who kept the government on its toes till noon, sat quietly through the presentation of the budget and listened to it quietly.
members of the congress and the ncp however, chanted slogans, thumped desks, waved banners and even tried to block live telecast of budget speech in their bid to disrupt the budget presentation.
earlier in the day chief minister devendrafadnavis made a statement in both the houses in an attempt to pacify the members who had been demanding loan waiver.
while conveying the information on his meeting with union finance minister and agriculture minister at delhi yesterday, he assured the members that the government would make substantial provisions to widen the institutional agriculture loan net in the state.
out of 1.
31 crore account holders in the state, only 31 lakh are defaulters, who face exclusion from the institutional credit net.
the government shall devise a scheme to help those, while not making injustice to those 1 crore who have been paying loans, he said, after which shiv sena was toned down.
if the opposition were truly concerned with the plight of farmers, they would have listened to the budget.
but, they were utterly non serious while the budget was being presented, which was shameful, he said while interacting with media after the budget.
by ptimumbai: senior bjp leader sudhir mungantiwar has said he is upset at shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray's criticism of him on tigress avni's killing, and therefore is not willing to participate in alliance talks with the latter.
mungantiwar, the state's forest minister, has been at the centre of attacks from politicians like thackeray and union minister maneka gandhi as well as animal rights groups for the killing of tigress avni, allegedly a man-eater, on november 2 in yavatmal.
i told uddhav ji i was deeply hurt by his remarks over the avni episode.
i did not expect this from him, especially when i considered him a good friend.
during the course of the conversation, he told me maneka ji had called him and asked him to oppose the killing of the tigress, mungantiwar, who also holds charge of the state finance portfolio, said.
mungantiwar further said he was in favour of an alliance with the sena at a time when nobody else in the party was willing to do so, as they (party colleagues) were irked with the sena's constant criticism of the bjp and the state government.
despite this, he indulged in cheap criticism of the episode.
i am no more willing to hold alliance talks with him now, mungantiwar, who has been instrumental in trying to get the sena on board for the forthcoming elections, said.
speaking about the anguish the anvi episode had caused him, mungantiwar said, i am not active on social media platforms.
however, when my daughter showed me the messages posted on twitter and facebook, i was deeply upset.
people used abusive language against me.
i felt upset when i saw my family in distress reading such messages.
when approached for a response, menaka gandhi, union minister for women and child development, refused to comment.
thackeray has been vocal in his criticism of the killing of avni and had termed the state's government's decision to set up a committee to probe the killing as a farce.
thackeray had also said if chief minister devendrafadnavis backed mungantiwar saying he could not be held responsible for the killing, why did prime minister narendra modi take credit for the surgical strike, when the pm had not himself conducted it.
buldhana: four more persons were held on saturday in connection with the buldhana rape case, where around a dozen girls were raped at an ashram school here.
a total of 15 people have been arrested so far.
the maharashtra government yesterday formed a special investigation team (sit) to probe the incident.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday said the buldhana rape incident will be probed under the supervision of a female ips officer and assured that strict action will be taken against the accused.
the accused include president, secretary and joint secretary of the private boarding school, which is 450 kilometers from mumbai.
meanwhile, nationalist congress party (ncp) leader nawab malik has demanded the ouster of tribal minister vishnu sawra and women and child development minister pankaja munde for alleged negligence towards tribals.
he has also demanded the resignation of chief minister devendrafadnavis for the alleged apathy towards tribals.
the issue came to light when one of the girls, who had visited her parents to celebrate diwali, started complaining of stomach pain and on medical examination was found to be pregnant.
after persistent inquiry by her parents, the girl told them about the ordeal she and some of her other friends underwent.
her parents then rushed to ex-revenue minister eknath khadse, who in turn asked agriculture minister pandurang phundkar to intervene.
phundkar visited the school  nanabhau kokre ashramshala  and spoke to officials, leading to police action.
by express news servicemumbai: in yet another attack against the bjp governments at the centre as well as the state, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray on wednesday stated that he cares least for the alliance if the government is not caring for the farmers.
thackeray, who started his tour of three drought-affected marathwada districts from beed this morning, interacted with farmers at ashirwad lawns in the city.
while exposing lacunas in the crop loan waiver, he also reiterated his charges of huge swindle in the crop insurance scheme.
the government machinery is like a lazy python which is not letting farmers get anything.
i'm wondering to push this python to wake up and start working, thackeray said adding that he has chosen to travel to beed as dry speeches and dry slogans can't provide solace to the people in the drought-hit area.
i don't engage in man ki baat.
but, i like to hear jan ki baat, thackeray said while emphasizing that people need to be heard as he accused the government for failing in resolving issues like farmers' distress as well as the ram mandir issue.
if you wanted to rely on the courts for final verdict, why did you assure of mandir in your manifesto, he asked bjp.
party leader ramdas kadam had said that 100 truck full of fodder would be distributed by the party to the people in this area.
but, i assure that as much fodder needed in the area would be provided by the party, thackeray assured the people before proceeding to jalna and parbhani.
the bjp-shiv sena relations are strained after thackery reiterated congress slogan 'chaukidar chor hai' while targeting modi during his speech at pandharpur on december 24.
while replying to the salvo, bjp president amit shah had indicated that the bjp can decide to go solo in the state and appealed party workers to be prepared to 'thrash' even the former allies if they decide to go with the opposition.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had then indicated that the decision regarding alliance would be made at the top level.
mumbai: social activist anna hazare today extended his support to the agitating farmers in maharashtra and expressed his desire to mediate between the state government and the agriculturists if asked to.
he also expressed hope that the stir be conducted in a peaceful manner.
i extend my support to farmers' agitation and the cause behind it.
it is better if they resort to a peaceful way of protest, hazare told reporters.
the gandhian's appeal for peaceful protest came against the backdrop of farmers' agitation turning violent in some parts of the state with incidents of stone pelting and vandalising of vehicles carrying milk and vegetables to mumbai being reported on wednesday night.
appealing to farmers to shun violence, hazare said he was ready to join discussions between the farmers' leaders and chief minister devendrafadnavis if he was asked to.
yesterday, fadnavis expressed willingness to hold talks with the agitating farmers.
'satyagraha' is a birthright of all.
the government should not use police force when there is a peaceful agitation, he said.
the septuagenarian alleged that farmers have resorted to protests due to anti-farmer policies of the government.
farmers must get an assurance on price of their agricultural produce based on expenses incurred by them on production.
this demand has always been neglected by all the past governments, the anti-graft crusader said.
a non-political movement of farmers is necessary to pressurise the whole political system to meet the demands of farmers, he said.
if farmers' leaders wish so, i am ready to initiate a dialogue with farmers and the government, hazare said.
however, farmers in nashik district hit back at hazare over his appeal for peaceful protests.
speaking to a regional television channel, ramesh chougule, a farmer from nashik said, when farmers were committing suicides, anna never uttered a word for the families of those farmers.
therefore, now when they are protesting for their rights, he should not interfere.
what is wrong in asking for our rights of getting better returns for our produce.
ravindra bhasme, another farmer from satana tehsil in nashik said, i am a part of farmers' group and we produce leafy vegetables and fruit vegetables to supply to mumbai.
we have decided not to harvest it and support the strike.
we will not send our vegetables to mumbai so that the government will feel the heat.
he also said that the social activist had been selective when it came to farmers' issues.
hazare should have been with us from the beginning, he added.
farmers from many parts of the state including nashik, pune and ahmednagar districts have joined the stir, which entered the second day today.
the agitation is mainly spearheaded by farmers' activists though parties like the swabhimani shetkari sanghatna, led by raju shetti, an ally of the ruling bjp, have extended moral support to the stir.
among the demands raised by agitating farmers are waiving loans owing to crop failures and indebtedness, besides ensuring a guaranteed minimum support price (msp) for their produce.
farmers in nashik district are opposing acquisition of land for the proposed super communication expressway connecting mumbai and nagpur.
a curfew was imposed in yeola town of nashik district yesterday, following a clash between the police and a mob of stone pelters.
at lasalgaon in nashik district, protesters stoned a police jeep, damaging its windshields.
agitators had dumped onions, chillies, mangoes and tomatoes on the road as weekly markets in 82 places in the district remained closed.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will launch 'chief minister employment generation' programme, which aims to create 10 lakh jobs in state over the next five years, on tuesday.
the programme intends to encourage young entrepreneurs in the state to be self-reliant, harshadeep kamble, who assumed additional charge as secretary of the state industries department on saturday, told reporters here.
under the programme, the government will provide financial assistance to micro and small enterprises aiming to create two lakh jobs every year.
state industries minister subhash desai, yuva sena chief aaditya thackeray and others will attend the event to be held in worli.
kamble took charge as the secretary of the department after additional chief secretary sm gavai retired on saturday.
by animumbai: in a fresh turn of events, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has stated that the government would withdraw cases against those booked during the bandh called in the backdrop of the bhima koregaon violence in january and the recent maratha reservation stir.
however, cases against the people involved in serious crimes will not be dropped, he said.
a total of 543 cases were filed during the maratha agitation.
out of these, 46 falls under the category of serious offences and cannot be withdrawn, while around 314 cases are under investigation and in the process of withdrawal.
in the bhima koregaon agitation, as many as 655 cases have been filed, out of which 63 involve serious offences.
the probe is underway in 158 cases, while 275 have been recommended for withdrawal.
the maharashtra chief minister also assured the state legislature that an action taken report (atr) pertaining to the dhangar community will be tabled before the house in the next assembly session.
dhangar community has put forth a demand for reservation in front of the state government.
the shepherd community has been struggling for more than two decades seeking to be declared as an independent scheduled tribe.
the people belonging to this community had also recently launched protests across maharashtra for their demand.
raigad: maharashtra housing minister prakash mehta on thursday faced flak for clicking a selfie near a bridge that collapsed in the flood in savitri river and later misbehaving with media persons here.
mehta -- the guardian minister of raigad district -- was seen cliking a selfie when chief minister devendrafadnavis and opposition leader radhakrishna vikhe-patil visit the tragedy site on wednesday afternoon.
when some media persons questioned him on the matter and also the fact that he reportedly learnt of the tragedy after nearly nine hours, mehta lost his cool and hurled abuses at a television channel reporter on thursday.
while the media called for a boycott of mehta, opposition congress leaders like vijay wadettiwar and abdul sattar demanded his resignation for clicking a selfie when rescue operations were in full swing to locate two missing buses, other vehicles and their occupants.
nationalist congress party leader jayant patil said that this shows the seriousness of the government and its minister.
even ally shiv sena raised eyebrows, with party legislator neelam gorhe urging fadnavis to take cognisance of the matter.
it is surprising this has come from a senior minister, she said.
irked by the minister's behaviour, several media organisations, including the press club of india, mumbai press club, tv journalists association, mantralay ani vidhimandal vartahar sangh, crime reporters association and others condemned him.
at least two buses with 22 people and four to five private vehicles were washed away early on wednesday in floodwaters after a british-era bridge collapsed on the mumbai-goa highway.
resident doctors protest at the azad maidan demanding security after a intern was assaulted by patient's relatives in mumbai.
(file | pti)mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday said if a doctor is attacked on duty, he will be given medical aid borne by the government.
the chief minister directed to provide security to sensitive hospitals with armed policeman and work for a long-term plan like monitored cctv network.
fadnavis proposed setting up of an apex council with the government representatives and doctors and its interaction every three months to solve the issues time to time.
the representatives of mard met fadnavis to discuss their issues.
ministers girish mahajan, dr deepak sawant, dgp satish were also mathur present.
meanwhile, the medical teachers association gave ultimatum of 48 hours, and said that they want their demands to be met otherwise they would go on mass resignation.
fadnavis earlier in the day requested the resident doctors to withdraw their strike immediately and ensured them security.
we will take strong legal action against those who attack doctors and will ensure security to the doctors, he said.
meanwhile, the bombay high court has ordered the doctors on strike to resume their duties and give some time to the government for providing them proper security.
the court also ordered the state government to provide security at all government hospitals so that the doctors can work without fear.
more than a thousand doctors in maharashtra have been protesting since monday, demanding better security at hospitals with the increase in incidents of attacks by patients' relatives.
sachin tendulkar along with wife anjali tendulkar displays the indelible ink mark on their fingers after casting the vote for the municipal corporation election in mumbai.
(pti)mumbai: millions voted on tuesday in maharashtra to elect 10 major civic bodies, including the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), indias largest and richest civic body.
the election, which will also pick 11 zilla parishads and 118 panchayat samitis, is widely seen as a referendum on chief minister devendra fadnavis.
by close of balloting, an estimated 50 per cent of mumbais 9.
2 million (92 lakh) electorate had voted.
early voters included political leaders as well as bollywood actors.
the countrys commercial capital and the richest civic body has generally recorded a dismal voter turnout.
but the encouraging turnout prompted fadnavis to tweet: thank you mumbai for the record voting percentage and .
.
.
for participating in festival of democracy!
this is the first time the fate of a state government could rest on the outcome of a municipal election, given the bitterness between the bjp and shiv sena in the run up to the polls.
an aggressive shiv sena president uddhav thackeray has put the bjp government on notice period and said he would decide whether to continue the state-level alliance after the results on thursday.
since nationalist congress party president sharad pawar has ruled out support in such an eventuality and predicted mid-term assembly polls, the fadnavis government will be reduced to a minority.
for the bjp, the election is a virtual mid-term report-card on its much-bandied issue of transparency and clean governance.
controlled by the shiv sena and bharatiya janata party (bjp) for four terms, the bmc has a budget of rs 37,052 crore for the current year (2016-17) catering to a population of around 18.
30 million.
in comparison, neighbouring goas budget last year was around rs 14,700 crore.
voting was also conducted in other nine civic bodies (besides mumbai) -- thane, ulhasnagar, nashik, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, amravati, akola and nagpur.
a generous dose of glamour, glitz and power play was visible in mumbai at the 7,304 booths to elect 227 bmc corporators from among 2,275 candidates.
early voters included sharad pawar, his daughter supriya pawar, uddhav and wife rashmi thackeray and maharashtra navnirman sena president raj and wife sharmila thackeray.
chief minister fadnavis and his wife amruta voted in nagpur.
so did union minister nitin gadkari and rss chief mohan bhagwat.
among the bollywood personalities who votedand asked everyone to vote toowere rekha, hema malini, prem chopra, kamini kaushal, shah rukh khan, ranveer singh, anushka sharma, shraddha kapoor, john abraham, vivek oberoi, arshad warsi and shreyas talpade, renowned poet gulzar and filmmaker subhash ghai.
several teleserial actors and marathi film stars too exercised their franchise.
some like bjp state spokesperson shania n.c. and actor varun dhawan could not vote as their names were missing from the voters list.
an electorate of 3.
77 crore has put the seal on the fate of 17,331 candidates for 5,512 seats, including 1,268 in 10 municipal corporations, 2,956 in 11 zilla parishads and 1,288 seats in 118 panchayat samitis in the second and final phase of the polling.
the results shall be declared on thursday.
mumbai: maharashtara government employees have demanded that at least a portion of their salary be paid in cash.
but their demand is unlikely to be met.
finance minister sudhir mungantiwar told express that there was no need for the employees to worry and said, currently, one can withdraw rs 24,000 from their bank account every week.
i expect the limit would be increased from november 25.
meanwhile, teachers are worried their salaries will get delayed as they are routed through district cooperative banks, which have locked horns with the centre over demonetisation.
allaying their concerns, mungantiwar said, everyones salaries would be sent to the bank on time and they would be able to withdraw the money as they usually do.
there is nothing to worry about.
the employees union, in a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday, had demanded the government pay their salaries for the next two months in cash.
they also asked for an advance of rs 10,000 in cash.
explaining their stand, g d kulthe of the maharashtra state gazetted officers federation told express, the legislatures winter session will start in nagpur on december 5.
employees who go there need cash to meet out-of-pocket expenses.
the government, however, said the exercise would be impractical since rs 750 crore would have to be disbursed in cash even if it paid an advance of rs 5,000 to every employee.
retailers body not to take part in bandhmumbai: a retailers body said it wouldnt participate in the nationwide bandh on monday.
though there are some problems, we feel the governments move is basically correct and the bandh cant be the solution, viren shah, president of the federation of retail traders welfare, told express.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbais coastal security to get a boostmumbais coastal security has been a concern since the horrific terror attack of 26/11.
the attackers had used the entered the city from the sea.
immediately after the attack, authorities had announced steps to ramp up the security of the coast.
several measures including special patrol boats were suggested however, most of these were short-lived and inadequate.
now, however, things appear to have started moving.
authorities are planning on acquiring new patrol boats and hovercrafts which will then be deployed across the coast.
concerns over womens safety againmumbai is generally considered to be a safe city for women.
however, new data that was released last week during question hour in the state assembly is a new matter of concern.
of over 26,000 women who went missing in the city since 2013, 2,264 havent been traced as yet, the data said.
according to a supreme court directive, all cases where missing women havent been traced have now been registered as cases of kidnapping.
hence, the city has over 2,264 cases of kidnapping in which there are no leads with the police to follow any line of investigation.
the states opposition was quick to blame chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, over the revelation of the statistic.
escalating problems!
under the renewed thrust on upgrading railway infrastructure, 71 escalators have been installed in 19 suburban railway stations in mumbai.
however, most escalators remain out of order around the year.
a survey by the railway administration has blamed the commuters for pushing the emergency button as the root cause of the problem.
the button, which is meant to stop the escalators in case of accident or similar emergency, was pushed at least 2,865 times over past couple of months on the 18 stations, the survey has shown.
now, the administration is contemplating use of cctv as a remedial measure.
but, officials are sceptical about the effectiveness of the measure.
the chabad house at the nariman house in colaba, which was one of the targets of the 26/11 attacks, has been converted into a museum.
the memorial was dedicated to the memory of 166 victims in an official programme on monday.
the jewish social-cultural-religious hub has already been renamed as the narinam light house.
the six-story building has undergone several renovations over the past year.
but, bullets holes and grenade marks have been preserved to signify the force of the attack and the courage with which people retaliated against it.
moshe holtzberg, who lost his parents in the attack had visited the place earlier this year and is likely to come back next november.
abhijit mulyeour correspondent in maharashtraabhijit.
by ptimumbai: shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on friday said the pulwama terror attack has shown that it is now time to strike inside pakistan.
if an intelligence failure led to the terrorist attack on the crpf convoy in jammu and kashmir, those who were in charge should be removed, he said.
after surgical strikes of 2016, it is now time to strike inside pakistan, he said, talking to reporters here.
thackeray said, the issues of alliances, elections will be there.
but pakistan must not be allowed to go scot- free.
it should be taught a befitting lesson.
he was replying to a question about his meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis about the sena-bjp alliance thursday.
also read| pulwama attack: sharad pawar takes dig at pm modi's claims before coming to powerthursday's terror attack should be condemned in the strongest possible terms, he said.
you (the bjp-led union government) conducted a surgical strike in pak-occupied-kashmir.
now the time has come to strike inside pakistan.
the entire country supports the government on this issue, thackeray said.
this is not just a terror attack.
it has blown the country's intelligence system into smithereens, he said, demanding action against those who failed to take necessary steps to prevent such incidents in spite of being in charge.
instead of making tall claims, pakistan needs to be taught a lesson once and for all.
if intelligence inputs were not available, one wonders what do the people who are holding the reins were doing.
by ptimumbai: the controversial killing of tigress avni, enforcement of plastic ban in the state and a fire in aarey colony which wiped out a big chunk of the city's green 'lungs' dominated maharashtra's environment scene during the year.
avni, the six-year-old tigress and mother of two 11-month-old cubs, who allegedly killed 13 persons since june 2016, was shot in a controversial manner by sharpshooter asgar ali, son of famous sharpshooter nawab shafat ali on november 2 this year.
the killing of the tigress triggered a full blown war of words between the forest minister in maharashtra and union minister maneka gandhi, both belonging to the bjp.
gandhi ripped into the minister for using a trigger happy shooter to kill avni.
despite several requests from many stakeholders, sudhir mungantiwar, ordered the killing, she said, and sought his resignation.
an inquiry panel later pointed out that rules were violated and doubts were expressed if the animal was actually killed in self-defence, as claimed by the state government.
also read: blatant lies are being spread on tigress avni's killing, says maharashtra forest minister sudhir mungantiwaron december 4, a massive fire erupted in mumbais aarey colony in suburban goregaon, wiping out about four sq km of trees and other vegetation.
minister for environment ramdas kadam termed the incident 'suspicious' and wrote to the state home secretary to probe the cause of the blaze.
the fire triggered an alarm among environmentalists as it threatened to affect tribal residents in the city's biggest green lung.
the fire brigade took nearly 12 hours to douse the flames.
activists who have been labouring to save the aarey area from encroachments alleged that these forest fires were not accidental.
the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) too got on the bandwagon and held a protest, with a large number of party workers gathering in the area.
the state government in march announced a ban on manufacture, use, sale, distribution and storage of plastic materials and gave three months to dispose of the existing stocks.
in a bid to make the ban more stringent, first time offenders will have to cough up rs 5,000.
for second time offenders, the fine will be rs 10,000.
those who violate it for the third time will face a fine of rs 25,000, along with imprisonment of three months.
as the year ended, maharashtra was facing drought due to deficit rainfall this year.
the government in october declared 151 talukas in 26 out of the total 36 districts in the state having 'drought-like' condition.
these 26 districts include eight each in vidarbha and marathwada regions, five in north maharashtra, four in western maharashtra and palghar district in the coastal konkan region.
chief minister devendrafadnavis sought early central assistance of rs 7,962.
63 crore from the centre to tackle the drought.
the state government claimed 13 crore saplings were planted to increase green cover in the state.
it said 20 per cent of the state is under forest cover, much less than the target of 33 per cent set by the national forest policy.
the state government also launched the kanya van samruddhi yojana scheme, under which around three lakh households in maharashtra where a girl child was born in the last one year will get a gift of ten saplings each from the forest department.
the state government is on a memorial building spree, including that of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj in the arabian sea, dr babasaheb ambedkar and late shiv sena supremo bal thackeray in suburban dadar and bjp leader gopinath munde in aurangabad at a collective cost of around rs 5000 crore.
social activists and environmentalists have termed these as ill-advised projects, which won't survive for very long even if completed.
environmentalists claim that projects like the statue of chhatrapati shivaji, the coastal road project and the navi mumbai airport would lead to rising tides and extreme climatic events.
by ptimumbai: the best bus strike in mumbai friday entered the fourth day with a stalemate prevailing between striking workers and the management of the civic-run transport undertaking.
lakhs of commuters were inconvenienced with autorickshaws, taxis and private transport buses pressed into service proving inadequate to take on the passenger load catered to by the best on a daily basis.
all eyes are now on a public interest litigation (pil) filed against the bus strike in the bombay high court.
the hc is scheduled to hear the pil friday afternoon.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, whose party controls the bmc, the parent body of best, thursday held several rounds of talks with best union leaders in the presence of mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar, bmc commissioner ajoy mehta and best general manager surendra kumar but could not break the deadlock.
with the 3200-odd bus fleet of the brihanmumbai electric supply and transport (best) off the roads, both western and central railways ran extra services and several msrtc buses were also deployed in the metropolis, said officials.
over 32,000 best employees went on an indefinite strike on tuesday over various demands, including higher salaries and merger of the best and bmc budgets.
the state government has already invoked the stringent maharashtra essential services maintenance act (mesma) against the striking best employees but the move has not been able to force workers to call off their strike.
workers, meanwhile, said they are yet to get salaries for the month of december despite it being ten days into the new year.
commuters appeared at their wits' end as the strike has been among the longer ones that the metropolis has seen in recent times.
rajaram satpute, a daily commuter from kurla to mahul, said, i have been living in mumbai for the past 40 years and i have never seen such a long best strike.
he hit out at parties in the bmc and questioned them about steps taken in the recent past to ensure such crippling strikes do not occur.
he also took a swipe at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who is currently in uttar pradesh.
i want to ask the cm what he is doing in uttar pradesh.
this is the time when he should be in mumbai, satpute said.
other demands of the striking workers include deliberations on a new wage agreement, resuming appointments on compassionate and bonus at par with bmc staffers.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday confirmed submission of a report on controversial islamic preacher zakir naik by the mumbai police commission.
the government has received a report on zakir naik from the commissioner of police (cp) of mumbai.
there are many indictments in the report.
he said that the government of maharashtra is now examining the entire report and will share the same with the ministry of home affairs at the centre.
soon we will share the report with the central ministry of home affairs (mha) and in consultation with them, we will decide further course of action which we need to take, he added.
naik had come under the scanner of the indian government after reports emerged that two of the six terrorists, who killed 22 people at a posh dhaka cafe in july, were allegedly inspired by his speeches.
fifty-one -year-old naik is an islamic preacher who founded the islamic research foundation in 1991 when he started dawah or religious preaching.
his lectures mostly revolve around how islam is superior to all other faiths.
while he claims to be an advocate of the inter-faith dialogue, his preachings reinforce all stereotypes which exist against muslims.
according to reports, several indian youth who have taken to militancy are also believed to have been inspired by naik's speeches made at public functions and through his television channel peace tv.
by iansnew delhi: the supreme court refused to stay the maratha quota on friday and sought a response from the maharashtra government on a plea challenging the reservation to the community in jobs and education.
the martha quota was introduced in november 2018.
the bombay high court upheld it and ordered its implementation.
maharashtra standing counsel nishant katneshwarkar told ians: it is a big relief for the government as the apex court did not stay the maratha quota.
and the quota will be applicable from november 2018.
the court refused to give any retrospective effect of the quota before november.
the quota will be applicable in connection with reservation in jobs and educational institutions.
a bench headed by chief justice ranjan gogoi also issued notice returnable in two weeks wherein the parties will file more documents.
also read: maratha quota valid but should be cut from 16 to 12-13 per cent - bombay high courtthis observation came as the court agreed to hear an appeal for quashing the reservation for marathas for admission in educational institutions and government jobs and then issued notice to the maharashtra government.
the court order came on pleas by two individuals, jaishri laxmanrao patil and sanjeet shukla.
they argued that the maratha reservation breached the 50 per cent ceiling set by the apex court for quotas in each state and the high court had overlooked certain fundamental and legal clauses.
the pleas claimed that the state does not have the authority or law to create a class like maratha as a separate socially and educationally backward class.
the counsels for the petitioners contended that expanding the ambit of reservation was under the authority of the centre and not the state government.
therefore, the reservation will require a constitutional amendment.
earlier, the top court had agreed to hear a petition challenging s bombay high court judgment, allowing reservations for marathas in jobs and educational institutions.
the matter was scheduled for hearing on friday.
the bombay high court in june upheld the validity of the reservations granted to the maratha community under the socially and educationally backward class (sebc) category but reduced the quantum from 16 per cent.
bringing down the quota to 12 per cent in education and 13 per cent in jobs, it observed that the higher quota was not justifiable.
a division bench of justices ranjit more and bharati dangre also said that the government was entitled to create a separate category for sebcs and grant them reservations.
the verdict came on a bunch of petitions challenging the state government's november decision granting 16 per cent reservation to the maratha community under the sebc category.
in his initial reaction, chief minister devendrafadnavis welcomed the court verdict and indicated that the new quota percentages recommended were acceptable to the government.
vijayalaxmi khopade, the lawyer for one of the petitioners, said the court also endorsed the report of the nine-member m.g. gaikwad commission classifying the marathas as a socially and educationally backward class.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday came under fire after a video of four members of a ganesh utsav mandal trying to drown a policeman by pushing him into a lake went viral, with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray reiterating his demand for a separate home minister and the opposition leader calling for a white paper on the law and order situation in the state.
i demanded three things from the cm: safety of cops, proper implementation of law, and strict punishment to attackers.
he is capable and competent but appears to have been overburdened by work lately.
i think the home department needs a separate minister, uddhav said after meeting fadnavis at his official residence along with a delegation of police personnels families.
as many as eight attacks on police were reported in august and the first week of september.
on tuesday, as ganpati idols were being immersed at kalyan, sub-inspector niteen dagale (38), was attacked by four members of jari mari ganesh utsav mandal whom he had asked to queue up.
a couple of other attacks on cops were reported from nashik on wednesday.
dgp satish mathur said the police department had taken a serious note of the incidents.
all the youths involved in the assault on dagale will be arrested soon, he said and appealed to police personnel not to come under pressure while carrying out their duty.
mumbai: senior political journalist sudhir suryawanshi, and his friend santosh fatate, were assaulted by unidentified assailants in the satellite township of navi mumbai on friday.
the duo was immediately taken to medicity hospital, kharghar.
suryawanshi sustained serious injuries in the attack and he underwent a surgery.
however, his condition is stable now, hospital sources said.
navi mumbai police commissioner hemant nagrale will supervise the investigation into the incident.
both have no clue about the assailants and could not see their faces as they had covered it with handkerchiefs.
both suspect that it could be a fallout of their housing society elections last month.
investigations from all angles are in progress, said hemant nagrale, who visited the duo at the hospital.
several media organisations including mumbai press club, mantralaya and vidhimandal vartahar parishad, marathi patrakar parishad and action committee on attack on journalists have condemned the attack.
by express news servicehyderabad: as part of the bharatiya janata partys blitzkrieg against congress allegations of impropriety in the rafale deal, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis addressed a press conference at the partys office in nampally.
fadnavis is one of nearly seventy senior bjp leaders who held such press conferences about the issue across the country.
he cited excerpts of the recent supreme court judgement to refute congress allegations.
after the kargil war, the vajpayee government decided to buy 26 combat aircraft.
we had realised that the country did not have enough of them to stave off a simultaneous attack by pakistan and china, he recalled.
but a process which had begun in 2001 did not conclude even in 2014, leaving the country vulnerable to outside threats.
hence, pm narendra modi government, immediately after coming to power, decided to go for a government-to-government contract with france.
there were no middlemen like there were in the bofors scam during rajiv gandhis time, he explained.
congress president rahul gandhi, along with senior party leaders have claimed that there had been impropriety in the rafale deal.
the supreme court on friday dismissed petitions filed by senior congress leaders seeking a probe into the matter.
however, on saturday, the centre sought correction in the judgment, which refers to a comptroller and auditor general (cag) report and parliaments public accounts committee (pac).
paragraph 25 of the judgment states that pricing details were shared with the cag and the report was examined by the pac.
the opposition, however, questions the very existence of a cag report cited by the supreme court.
however, he asserted that their alliance is intact and the government will complete its full term, despite frequent taunts and digs from sena.
speaking about modiji will only put the shiv sena in bad light and people do not like it at all.
as far as i am concerned i am ready to face and give them a proper reply.
so i do not care.
governance and politics are two different things.
fadnavis (46), who heads the first bjp-led government in maharashtra which has sailed into its third year, also dwelt on other current issues like the campaign by the maratha community for reservation, the vidarbha issue and the controversy regarding his intervention in defusing the stand-off over karan johar's film ae dil hai mushkil'.
on the film row, the chief minister said that in hindsight, he feels the issue could have been handled in a better way.
in a veiled dig at the previous congress-ncp regimes, he said the established leadership in the state are trying to use peoples' anger that has now spilled on to the streets in the form of silent protests by marathas to carry out their agenda against him either directly or by proxy means.
fadnavis, however, rejected the apprehension voiced by observers that the maratha morcha and reaction to it from the obc and dalit outfits, could cause caste tensions in the state.
he noted that the maratha community had only raised its demands without seeking to upset the benefits of other social segments and the same is the case of obcs and dalits.
he said the government has already stated its commitment to meet the genuine demands of the maratha community.
the fee waiver scheme announced recently is an initiative that will benefit a large number of students from the community.
expressing confidence that the bjp and sena will complete the full term of the government, he said, we are two different parties and there is bound to be some friction owing to different ideologies in matters of policy implementations and style of governing.
but i can claim that we have been able to run the government successfully where all major policy decisions have been undertaken by a unanimous vote, he said.
by ptithane: a large haul of weapons, including over 170 guns, swords, machetes and knives, was recovered from the shop of a local bjp functionary in maharashtra, police said wednesday.
dhananjay kulkarni, deputy chief of bjp's dombivli city unit in thane district, from whose store the seizure was made, has been arrested, police said.
the weapons were recovered in a raid conducted by the kalyan crime branch, police said.
kulkarni was arrested after police raided his fashion accessories store and recovered around 170 weapons, including air guns, swords and knives, an official said.
the raid was conducted at the shop located in tilak nagar area in dombivli on monday night and kulkarni, 49, who owns the shop, was arrested tuesday morning, police said.
a local bjp leader said kulkarni is the vice president of the party's dombivli unit.
following a tip-off, the raid was conducted at tapasya house of fashion, which sells fashion accessories and cosmetic products, a police officer said.
around 170 weapons, including eight air guns, 10 swords, 38 press button knives, 25 choppers, nine kukris, nine guptis (bladed weapon concealed in a wooden case), five knives, three axes and a sickle were recovered from the shop, he added.
these weapons were kept on sale at the shop, he said.
the seized weapons are collectively worth rs 1.
86 lakh.
the outlet has been in operation since seven months, the official said.
kulkarni had procured the arms from crawford market in south mumbai, and from punjab and rajasthan, he said.
kulkarni was tuesday produced before a local court, which remanded him in judicial custody, police said.
the ncp demanded an explanation from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the arms seizure from the bjp functionary's fashion accessories store.
state ncp president jayant patil said the incident showed the manner in which the bjp wanted to rule.
what kind of riots does the bjp want to incite by use of these weapons?
he said and demanded an explanation from fadnavis on this issue.
if the bjp office-bearers possess illegal weapons, there is no need of anti-social elements and terrorists.
looks like their work is done by the bjp office-bearers, he said.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the maharashtra government has sought rs 7,962 from the centre for mobilising drought relief measures in the state.
chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for central funds during a meeting with nripendra mishra, principal secretary to prime minister narendra modi.
a team of central government officials completed their review of the ongoing drought in the state, on friday.
fadnavis urged central assistance citing the ongoing situation.
the central team held a meeting with state revenue, agriculture and relief and rehabilitation minister chandrakant patil, minister of state for agriculture sadashiv khot and other senior officials, to get a sense of the exact demands of the state government.
after an initial assessment by ministers in the state cabinet, drought was announced in 151 blocks and 263 circles.
there is a demand to announce some more places as drought-hit and a decision on the same will be taken within the next couple of days, patil said after the meeting.
officers in the central panel felt that supply of fodder and water are issues that have to be addressed on priority in the coming days.
they have suggested that these issues be the focus of our drought relief measures.
they have also suggested sanctioning more work under mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme, patil said.
currently, the state has around 98 lakh metric tonnes of fodder available in the state.
another 25 lakh metric tonnes is expected to be made available very soon.
however, ncp leader and rajya sabha mp sharad pawar said on friday that the fact that the central team had to conduct their survey at night, in some places, is proof of the lack of seriousness on their part in dealing with the situation.
by ptimumbai: the death toll in the mumbai hospital fire rose to nine wednesday with a 65-year-old woman succumbing to her injuries, a civic official said.
175 injured people, including some children, are currently undergoing treatment at various hospitals across the city.
shila murvekar died at seven hills hospital this afternoon and with this the death toll reached nine, a brihanmumbai municipal corporation official said.
the fire broke out in the government-run esic kamgar hospital at marol in suburban andheri monday, killing six people.
the death toll rose to eight tuesday with two persons dying in different hospitals.
the 325-bed hospital did not have the occupation certificate (oc) from fire department, a mandatory certification needed for such institutes to function.
nearly 375 people, including patients and visitors, were in the five-floor hospital when the fire broke out, an official said.
the blaze appeared to have erupted after a short-circuit near the rubber rolls stored on the ground floor, he said.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday ordered a probe and the union labour ministry had announced compensation for the victims.
by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , on tuesday, ordered a probe into the massive fire at esic hospital at andheri on monday evening.
the death toll in the fire went up to eight after two more patients admitted to other hospitals after the fire succumbed to asphyxiation.
meanwhile, the national human rights commission issued a notice to the maharashtra government and the union labour ministry on tuesday over a fire incident at a mumbai hospital in which six people were killed.
on tuesday morning, maharashtra minister of state for home dr ranjit patil visited those patients from the esic hospital, who, had been moved to hospitals nearby.
insulation material, that included rubber and plastic, was stored on the lower floors of the hospital.
as it caught fire, it led to heavy and toxic smoke due to which panic spread and people suffered from asphyxiation.
the patients i visited had no burn or other injuries.
most of them suffered from toxic fumes, dr patil said after his visit.
he also said that a probe had been ordered and no one would be spared.
while 142 injured are still undergoing treatment at various public and private hospitals, 26 have been discharged so far, he said.
mumbai mayor vishwanath mahadeshwar, midc for the mishap and said it had been avoiding fire audit for long.
the labour minister announced compensation of rs 10 lakh each to the kin of the dead, rs 2 lakh each for seriously injured and rs 1 lakh each for minor injuries.
by iansmumbai: hitting out at chief minister devendrafadnavis for holding a press conference to level charges against the congress leadership on the agustawestland deal, maharashtra congress president ashok chavan said here on monday that it is akin to a thief complaining about robbery.
chavan hit back after fadnavis earlier in the day demanded that in view of the revelations made in the agustawestland helicopters deal, the congress party and the gandhi family must reply to the corruption charges made against them.
the cm also sought to know why the name of only one family keeps recurring in all defence deals involving corruption charges.
half the ministers in the state cabinet face scam allegations, more than 17,000 farmers have committed suicide, there is a terrible drought situation, but fadnavis takes time for speaking on agustawestland deal to make false allegations against congress leaders, chavan told the media this evening.
holding a retaliatory media briefing, he pointed out that the cm has never spoken to the media on issues like bhima-koregaon, hindutva leaders sambhaji bhide 'guruji', milind ekbote or the sanatan sanstha bomb production factory.
his press conference today (monday) on agustawestland deal is that of a thief complaining about a robbery.
why doesn't he speak out against the rafale fighter jets deal?
this is a programme started by the bjp to make fake allegations and defame the congress through press conferences with an eye on the upcoming elections, he said.
accusing the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government of hiding behind james christian michel to cover its own corruption and scams, chavan demandd to know why prime minister narendra modi lift the congress government's blacklisting of the agustawestland company and even allowed them to participate in the make in india initiative.
he cited records of the deal right from the contract process in february 2010 for procuring 12 vvip helicopters worth around rs 3,546 crore from agustawestland and its parent company finmeccanica, but after media reports, the then upa government ordered a cbi probe into the deal in february 2013.
former defence minister a.k. antony even proposed a jpc probe which was opposed by the bjp and in january 2014.
the upa government cancelled the contract though three helicopters were received by india against rs 1,620 crore paid.
later, the upa government confiscated rs 240 crore from agustawestland's indian bank accounts and filed a case in italian court, which it won in may 2014.
against the rs 1,620 given in august, the government recovered a total of rs 2,054 crore, though a year before in february 2013, the upa had started the process to blacklist the company and in july 2014 and initiated the probe into the deal before cancelling the contract.
however, in august 22, 2014, the bjp government lifted the ban on augustawestland and finmeccanica, in august 2015, they participated in the 'make in india' through 'aero india 2015', in october the government permitted a joint venture with indian rotorcraft ltd to manufacture aw-199 military helicopters in india through agustawestland and tata through the fipb, and in 2017, another 100 naval choppers were included in the purchase process, said chavan.
he sought to know why the modi government shows such favours on blacklisted companies and said it lost all the cases against agustawestland in italy, and the high court of milan said there was no corruption by indian officials in the deal, but even there the present government did not appeal and lost.
the false story of michel was written by the modi government and the enforcement directorate (ed) in july 2018 to hide their corruption and scams.
in july 2018, michel's lawyer and others had given interviews on the government and ed's offers to them if they named congress leaders.
this is part of a planned conspiracy in which the government is playing dirty defamatory politics using michel, chavan said.
he also posed six questions on the deal and said the sahara diary has named bjp leaders which should be investigated before seeking explanations from the congress.
by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday presented the interim budget with estimated revenue deficit to be at rs 19,784 crore in for the year 2019-20.
revenue deficit for 2018-19 has been revised to rs 14,960 crore.
while the actual revenue figures were higher than the estimated figures as an effect of the gst, the drought relief measures, loan waiver, irrigation and other measures for farmer welfare were the additional burdens this year, the finance minister told the state legislature as he presented the budget.
as expected the budget has several provisions for the agricultural sector.
however, mungantiwar has refrained from making any populist announcements in his interim budget.
chief minister devendrafadnavis described it as a balanced budget which has provisions for all sections of the society and has a strong resolve to continue the march on the development path.
the election-year budget has an outlay of rs 8,733 crore for irrigation projects with special focus on vidarbha, marathwada and areas under drought-prone area development plan, rs 3,498 crore for various schemes of agriculture department, rs 2000 crore from contingency fund for drought relief measures, rs 1,500 crore for the water and soil conservation program jalyukta shivar, rs 900 crore for new electrical connections to agricultural schemes and rs 5,210 crore for concessions in electricity tariff to agriculture consumers.
the finance minister has also allocated rs 8,500 crore for road development, rs 3,700 crore for development of roads under hybrid annuity model, rs 2,164 crore under chief minister gram sadak yojana and rs 6,306 crore for infrastructure facilities and other works of energy department.
an outlay of rs 1,097 crore under integrated child development scheme, rs 2,892 crore for welfare of other backward class, vimukta jati, nomadic tribes and special backward class and rs 465 crore for development of minorities, too were proposed by him.
the revenue receipts have been estimated at rs 3,14,489 crore against the revenue expenditure of rs 3,34,273 crore.
public debt has been reported at rs 4,14,411 crore against estimated rs 4,61,807 crore.
through the conscious efforts the government avoided raising loan of rs 11,990 crore, the finance minister said.
the state still has much fiscal scope to raise more loans, he added while replying to opposition allegations over the issue.
shirdi: with the indefinite strike of farmers demanding crop loan waivers and better procurement prices entering its second day on friday, the farmers continue to spill litres of milk down the road.
farmers were seen spilling milk on the road in maharashtras shirdi area as a part of their protest.
meanwhile, section 144 has been imposed as reports have emerged of clashes and people being detained in large numbers.
the farmers have demanded loan waivers after being distressed over falling prices of agriculture produce and other related issues.
yesterday, two tankers of milk were spilled on the road in shirdi as a sign of indefinite strike by farmers in maharashtra.
due to ongoing strikes, the nearby cities like mumbai and pune are facing the crisis of vegetables, fruits, etc.
reportedly, on tuesday some of the representatives of a state-level coordination committee of various farmers outfits kisan kranti morcha met state chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai to discuss the issue, but the discussion failed as the farmers refused to postpone their agitation.
according to reports, the farmers from nashik district will also not supply agricultural produce to gujarat.
the supply of vegetables and fruits in the market today is not sufficient.
the buyers are going to suffer including us because we are the daily earner.
there were chances that this will continue for some days as the farmers are demanding to waive off the loan.
one of the vegetable sellers, santosh told ani.
another vegetable seller demanded that there should be loan waive off like uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath did in the state.
our state government should also waive off the farmers' loans like uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanth did in the state.
as the stock and supply of vegetables and fruits are less then this will automatically lead to hike in the prices based on demand, another vegetable seller said.
by ptimumbai: social activist anna hazare, whose indefinite fast for appointment of anti-corruption watchdogs entered the sixth day monday, has refused to call off his protest saying the government is handling the issue of corruption in a casual manner.
the talks between union minister subhash bhamre, state minister girish mahajan and hazare in the latter's ralegan siddhi village in ahmed nagar district, the venue of his fast since january 30, remained inconclusive monday.
hazare has been demanding appointment of anti-corruption watchdogs at the centre and in maharashtra and resolution of farmers' issues.
the 81-year-old, who has lost 4.
25 kg in the last six days, also accused the ruling dispensation of betraying people who voted it to power in 2014.
bhamre reached the village this evening to talk to hazare as a representative of the union government.
mahajan, who accompanied him, said, there will be some solution by tomorrow.
bhamre said hazare had some concerns and doubts even after he and mahajan held talks with him.
the union minister said he would visit hazare again tomorrow and try to persuade the gandhian to withdraw his hunger strike.
however, repeating his demands, the anti-grft crusader said the ministers who called on him monday had nothing concrete to offer.
this insincere attitude of the government is very disappointing, he told pti.
i will not call off my hunger strike till the government initiates concrete steps beyond hollow assurances, he said.
hazare accused the central government of misleading the common people over the draft of lokpal bill.
they (centre) are misleading the people on lokpal bill.
also, the draft of lokayukta bill by the maharashtra government is also misleading, hence i am not accepting it, he said.
i was also told that the supreme court has given a date to the centre for submission of its plan for appointing a search committee for lokpal.
the centre also said that it will abide by the search committee's report.
i will wait for it, he said.
when asked about how long would he continue with his protest, hazare said he can easily keep on fasting for another five days.
and i am prepared to sacrifice my life, he added.
hazare said he had spoken to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the lokayukta issue several times in the past, but nothing has come out of them.
earlier in the day, about 2600 villagers, including farmers and women, held a demonstration in front of the district collector's office in ahmednagar.
a protest was also held at the office of local bjp mp dilip gandhi for inaction.
mumbai: in damage control mode after the rapes at an ashram shala in buldhana, the maharashtra government has decided to ascertain whether girls in such schools across the state are asked to do domestic work by government officials.
a government circular, dated november 5, has given womens committees from such ashram shalas a 13-point agenda and asked them to report whether the staff quarters of male employees are far away from the dormitories for girl students.
after the buldhana incident, chief minister devendrafadnavis had ordered setting up of the committees that would visit aided and unaided ashram shalas to identify the state of affairs.
the committees are expected to commence their visits after november 15.
at present, there are 546 aided and 529 government-run ashram shalas under the tribal development department.
there are 2.
53 lakh students in aided ashram schools and 1.
93 lakh students studying in government-run ashram schools.
the department has asked the committees to submit their reports by november 22.
the other issues which the committees are expected probe include whether the girl students have adequate and independent rooms to stay, whether women superintendents have been appointed for girl student dormitories, whether there are adequate toilet and washroom facilities per 20 girl students, are the toilets in proper condition, is there a register maintained for visitors, do they have adequate water supply and whether the toll-free complaint number is being used.
meanwhile, in a setback to minister for woman and child development pankaja munde departments take home ration (thr) scheme, governor ch vidyasagar rao has amended the national food security act, 2013, for its application to scheduled areas (tribal areas) and replaced the word take home ration with hot cooked meal.
the amendment seeks to improve the nutrition status of children aged below six, and pregnant and lactating women.
rao had asked the state to formulate schemes for providing eggs and hot cooked meals to children aged under six and pregnant and lactating women.
panaji: the ruling bjp on sunday released its manifesto for the goa assembly elections next month promising it will make the state unemployment free in five years if voted to power again.
the manifesto was released by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in presence of his goa counterpart laxmikant parsekar, union ayush minister shripad naik and other party leaders.
employment remains a priority area to ensure that our youth are gainfully employed.
to achieve this objective, we propose to make goa investor friendly in industry, information technology, tourism and agro-based sectors, the manifesto said.
the next five years would be dedicated to employment generation so that the state is free of unemployment, parsekar said.
the bjp manifesto has assured ease of doing business through policy guidelines to encourage investments in tourism, industry and sectors capable of generating employment.
non-polluting and employment generating industries such as pharmaceuticals, manufacturing of electronic goods and it sector would be promoted aggressively, it added.
on the tourism front, bjp has assured to phase out use of plastic in all designated tourist spots to make goa plastic-free.
tourism sector would be given industry status and benefits.
facilities such as changing rooms and toilets to be provided at all tourist locations, the party has assured.
besides promising to encourage different types of tourism with focus on eco, event, medical, heritage, religious, adventure and village tourism, the party has also assured to make the coastal state a preferred destination for mega events such as defence expo during the non-peak season.
in a populist assurance, bjp has said that they will provide loan facilities to all agro-based activities at a nominal one per cent interest rate linked to the krishi card.
on the infrastructure front, the party assured to complete all the existing incomplete projects and construct new bridges in chodan-pompurpa, camurlim-tuem and borim villages.
the manifesto also assures a comprehensive mobility plan which includes special emphasis on intra city bus transport, parking lots at bus stands and availability of self driven two and four-wheelers on hire.
the unauthorised structures on 'communidade' (community) and government lands would be legalised, it said.
bjp has also assured that there will be world class infrastructure development.
social welfare schemes would be linked to inflation index.
chief minister rozgar yojna would be revived and traditional occupations would be regulated, the manifesto said.
assembly polls in the state will take place on february 4.
by ptinew delhi: the supreme court thursday issued a notice to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on a plea seeking annulment of his election to the state assembly for alleged non-disclosure of pending criminal cases against him in his nomination papers.
a bench comprising chief justice ranjan gogoi and justices s k kaul and k m joseph sought response of the chief minister on an appeal filed against a bombay high court order.
the bombay high court had dismissed the plea of one satish ukey seeking annulment of fadanavis's election to the maharashtra assembly on the ground of alleged non-disclosure of all pending criminal cases against him.
the apex court was hearing an appeal of ukey against the high court order.
mumbai: describing the attitude of striking doctors as adamant and insensitive, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today warned of legal action and gave them an ultimatum to resume duties after his meet with their representatives later this afternoon.
if the doctors fail to resume work today, government will not sit quietly.
we cannot leave the patients to die.
i am making a final attempt to break the deadlock today by meeting the doctors' representatives.
if no solution is found and doctors don't resume work, they should be prepared to face legal action.
what is the difference between anti-social tendencies who beat up doctors and the doctors themselves who take oath to treat ill people.
i am surprised at the adamant stand of the doctors despite assuring that the government fully supports their demand, he said adding that the doctors have disregarded the directives of the high court.
people consider doctors to be like a god.
they shouldn't wait to be referred to as demons.
what kind of politics is being done, he asked.
the demand for armed security guards has also been accepted.
he also said that government has promised free legal and medical aid to doctors in case of an attack and they will be treated as government servants.
maharashtra medical education minister girish mahajan too warned the resident doctors to withdraw their agitation and resume work or face stern action.
the issue came up in the state legislative assembly after the question hour when pratap sarnaik (shiv sena) highlighted the problems faced by patients due to the strike which entered the fifth day today.
mahajan said despite the high court directive and appeal by chief minister devendrafadnavis , the doctors have not yielded.
they have taken in writing from us that we are accepting their ten demands which include providing 1,100 security guards.
these guards will be hired from private agencies run by former police officials at a salary of rs 20,000 each.
the government has sanctioned rs 33 crore for the purpose, he said.
the doctors tell us they are satisfied with our approach and then go out and tell that they will continue with their agitation.
this is getting out of hand and the government is feeling helpless.
we don't understand what we should do.
the government once again appeals to the doctors to withdraw their strike and resume work, otherwise strict action will have to be taken, the minister added.
yogesh sagar of bjp said the government should give an ultimatum to doctors and cancel their registration and file cases against them if they fail to resume work in a day's time.
the demand was supported by other bjp and sena members.
sagar said prior surgeries are being indefinitely postponed due to the strike and the patients are facing a harrowing time.
sena and bjp members came into the well of the house demanding that strict action be taken against striking doctors.
subsequently, speaker haribhau bagde adjourned the proceedings for 15 minutes.
after the house re-assembled, speaker said the issue is about an organised sector holding the unorganised section of the society to ransom and the sentiment of the house is that the government should find a solution to this.
the sena-bjp members again trooped into the well forcing the speaker to adjourn the house for 30 minutes.
the entire opposition benches were empty since they are protesting the suspension of 19 congress-ncp mlas for disrupting the budget presentation last week.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors have stayed away from work since monday, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on their colleagues by patients' relatives at government hospitals across the state.
new delhi: after rajsthan and maharashtra, niti aayog will begin working with himachal pradesh and jammu and kashmir to rewrite state laws as part of the exercise to cut down the volume of statutory rule book to unveil a hassle free environment for both the people and the industry.
while the parliament in the recent times repealed many obsolete laws, the niti aayog in contrast is engaging with the states to harmonise and minimise their statutory books for better compliance and to help them to cut down on litigation.
the niti aayog has reached out to more state governments in a bid to convince them that they should embark on the path of reforms by first cutting down the number of laws.
the think-tank panel in communications to the chief ministers argued that the laws should be transparent and available on the government websites for ease and convenience of the people and other stakeholders.
we first began working with the rajsthan government.
in the next two years, the objective is to cut down the number of state laws from the current about 900 to 215.
the state assembly has passed 150 legislations to give effect to the effort of reconciling and harmonizing its various laws, said bibek debroy, member, niti aayog.
similar exercise has also been initiated with maharashtra where in the first step as many as 60 state laws have been replaced through the process of rewriting to arrive at a consolidated law.
the think-tank panel will specifically take up one sector (revenue) for j&k for rewriting its laws.
the congress ruled himachal pradesh too has joined the initiative and has sought the assistance of the niti aayog to cut down its laws.
in a situation where there exist too many laws the end result is confusion among the stakeholders and thereby leads to more litigation.
people should know beforehand what laws they have to adhere to before taking up any enterprise.
rewriting and harmonising the laws in a consolidated form will allow people to comply with lesser rules, added debroy.
the move is aimed at helping the states to improve their ease of doing business and attract investments from the private sectors.
the laws concerning the industrial establishments, agriculture, revenue, irrigation, labour are among those which are being sought to be harmonised with rewriting.
while the maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and his rajsthan counterpart vasundhara raje have shown keenness to improve the ranking of their states on ease of doing business, the niti aayog is expecting that other states too will join the process to attract private sector investment.
by ptimumbai: the maharashtra government on thursday set up a cabinet sub-committee to study the report of the state backward class commission (sbcc) on maratha reservation and take a decision.
an order issued this evening said the government received the report on november 15, which was placed before the cabinet on november 18.
the commission's recommendations were approved by the cabinet, and it was decided to form a sub-committee for further proceedings, it said.
the sub-committee will be headed by revenue minister chandrakant patil, the order said.
its members will be education minister vinod tawde, pwd minister eknath shinde, co-operation minister subhash deshmukh, water conservation minister ram shinde, energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule, tribal affairs minister vishnu savara and a secretary of the general administration department.
the decision of the cabinet sub-committee will be final and it will not be placed before the cabinet, it said.
the maratha community has been demanding reservations in government jobs and educational institutes for long.
mumbai: chief minister devendrafadnavis directed officials to step up public outreach and take steps to ensure maximum employment to locals at the proposed jaitapur nuclear power project in the konkan area as he met a delegation under french foreign secretary christian massetat at his official residence varsha here on tuesday.
people have several misconceptions about the project.
to address these concerns a dialogue with local officials needs to be built.
however, industries minister subhash desai, whose party shiv sena had been opposing the project ever since it was declared, was not present at the meeting.
once there is a clarity on rates of the power generated from the project, the schedule for the project can be announced and local people can be involved to ensure project gets completed early, fadnavis added and suggested that work on skill training needs to be undertaken immediately to ensure local people get employment from the project.
massetat said that the project is very important for france and indicated that the work on the project will start by 2018 and the first reactor would get operational by 2025.
all the six rectors can start generating power by 2027 and a total of 10,000 mw would be generated from the project, he said.
special security measures have been included in the project after studying nuclear disasters worldover.
sixty per cent of the supplies for the project would be procured locally and participation of local industry in developing the project would be ensured, massetat added and also assured that power rates too would be affordable.
fadnavis also informed the delegation about the state governments business friendly policies.
ambassador of france to india alexandre ziegler too was present.
by ptimumbai: at least 58 people stranded at a village in maharashtra's thane district were rescued by the indian air force (iaf) on sunday, an official said.
the people were stuck at their water-logged homes in ju-nandkhuri village in khadavli area of the district since morning after very heavy rains in the area.
on the request of the state government, the iaf deployed a mi 17 helicopter to rescue the stranded people, a defence spokesperson said.
iaf helicopter used in rescue operations.
(photo | eps)around 58 villagers, including 16 children, were rescued and shifted to a safer place, he said.
three rescue teams of the navy were also in touch with the state administration and prepared to render any help required, he said.
two columns of the army, comprising 120 personnel, were also on way to thane to help in the rescue efforts, he said.
meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in gondia district as part of his ongoing 'maha janadesh yatra', thanked the iaf for the quick help.
this happens when there are torrential rains along with high tide.
mumbai's geography is such that the rainwater needs to be pumped out.
the situation will considerably improve after all eight water pumping stations are functional, he said.
by ptimumbai: efforts by rescue workers in the congested pimpripada area of north mumbai to get a 15-year- old girl out of the debris of a wall which collapsed, proved futile as she was brought out dead.
the toll in the wall collapse tragedy rose to 19, with the body of the girl, sanchita ganore, being brought out of the debris in the afternoon, almost 12 hours after she was trapped beneath it.
a doctor on the spot said the medical team tried their best but couldn't save her.
her legs were stuck in the debris, so it took long to rescue her.
we tried our best to bring her up alive but could not, he said.
a rescue worker said sanchita had been crying for help and asking for water.
shortly after the wall collapsed, we rescued a child from underneath the debris.
this girl sanchita had been crying for help since 2 am, the worker, a local resident, said.
mujhe bahar nikalo, had been her repeated plea, he said.
the girl's cry for help from under the debris set off a massive rescue effort.
sanchita's faint voice could be heard calling out for water to drink.
efforts were made to cut a small section of the wall and clear a path for the girl to escape.
at the scene of the tragedy, an eyewitness said when the wall collapsed, it was like a tsunami accompanied by a massive thud.
water was getting accumulated since it began raining heavily several hours ago.
it created massive pressure on the wall.
it soon gave way, a resident said.
people gathered at the site were seen discussing the ownership of the wall.
while some claimed it belonged to the forest department, others said the brihanmumbai municipal corporation was the owner, while some said auto major mahindra & mahindra had erected it.
it came down like a tsunami and the gushing waters threw aside everything that came its way, said sachin dhuri, a resident.
another local likened the collapse to the flash floods in uttarakhand's kedarnath in 2013, which killed over 5,500 people and buried most swathes of the town in slush.
political parties, who regularly line up for votes, also came under fire as the residents, trying to come to terms with the tragedy, spoke in huddles at the site.
they come here for votes but no one listens to us.
once elections are over, they disappear.
they have done nothing for us, resident suresh patil said.
these political parties have a use and throw attitude towards us, said pramod pawar, another local.
residents said 60-70 hutments got damaged in the wall collapse, and demanded adequate compensation from the authorities.
the government promises housing for all but does not do anything.
lives have been lost.
it should rehabilitate us now, said resident mahindra singh.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra water resources minister girish mahajan saturday claimed that at least 25 mlas of the congress and the ncp are in touch with the bjp.
hinting at multiple defections to the bjp, he said the opposition is likely to receive a major jolt ahead of the state assembly elections, due in september-october this year.
at least 25 mlas of the congress and the ncp are in touch with me.
some of them have either met me personally or called me over phone or have sent feelers through third party that they are interested in joining the bjp, the senior bjp leader told reporters.
mahajan, who has been serving as the guardian minister of nashik, was friday given the similar charge for jalgaon district.
state congress president ashok chavan doesn't even know that those around him may switch sides anytime soon.
the political situation is very much in favour of the bjp, said mahajan, who is credited for the bjp sweep in local bodies elections and the lok sabha polls in north maharashtra region.
mahajan, a confidante of chief minister devendrafadnavis , said the congress and the ncp together will not win more than 50 seats in the assembly polls.
he refuted the charge that the chief minister was personally calling mlas of the congress to make them defect.
the bjp has made it clear to the new entrants that their entry is unconditional.
we have to fulfill the commitments given to those leaders who had joined us earlier.
the bjp does not like to give false commitments, he said.
mahajan said senior congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil might be inducted into the saffron party before the monsoon session of the state legislature beginning june 17.
he said bjp president amit shah has convened an important meeting in delhi on june 9 in which fadnavis and other senior leaders from the state would participate.
in the 2014 elections, the bjp had won 122 seats, followed by ally shiv sena (63).
the congress and the ncp had won 41 and 41 seats, respectively.
bengaluru: eager to resolve the mahadayi river water dispute through negotiations, karnataka has decided to adopt a flexible stand at the meeting of chief ministers of three riparian states - karnataka, goa and maharashtra - convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on october 21 in mumbai.
a meeting of floor leaders of all political parties in both the houses of state legislature, mps and legislators of mahadayi basin region chaired by chief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday evening decided to participate in the mahadayi talks with a spirit of give and take.
speaking to reporters after the meeting, siddaramaiah said, a spirit of give-and-take is needed in any negotiation to resolve issues.
it would not be right to take an adamant stand.
i will participate in the talks with a flexible and positive frame of mind.
however, the meeting has been postponed after the goa cm wrote to fadnavis stating his inability to attend due to ill health.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra governor vidyasagar rao friday gave his nod to the bill that grants 16 per cent reservation to marathas in government jobs and education in the state, a raj bhavan source said.
the bill was unanimously passed by both the houses of the legislature thursday, meeting a long-pending demand of the influential community, which constitutes 33 per cent of the state's population of around 13 crore.
according to the source, the governor has signed the file containing the bill called the 'maharashtra state reservation (of seats for admission in educational institutions in the state and for appointments in the public services and posts under the state) for socially and educationally backward classes (sebc) act, 2018'.
the quota granted to marathas is over and above the existing reservation provided to obcs, scs, sts, denotified nomadic tribes and special backward categories.
the entire process of giving quota to the agrarian community took nearly one-and-a-half years.
the government had earlier tabled the recommendations and summary of the findings of the state backward class commission (sbcc) report on marathas along with the action taken report (atr) in the assembly.
based on the commission's report, the government had declared the maratha community as 'socially and educationally backward class of citizens' and proposed 16 per cent quota for them in jobs and education.
in june 2017, the sbcc was asked by the government to study the social, financial and educational status of the maratha community.
its report had a sample survey of 40,962 families.
public hearings were conducted at 21 places where the panel got 1,93,651 personal memoranda and 814 from various organisations.
according to its provisions, the legislation will apply for direct recruitments, appointments made in public services and posts in the state except super specialised posts in medical, technical and educational field, posts filled by transfer or deputation, temporary appointments of less than 45 days' duration and single post in any cadre or grade.
it will also apply for admissions to educational institutions, including private educational institutions other than minority educational institutions, whether aided or unaided by the state.
these provision won't apply in cases where selection process was initiated before the act comes into force.
the panel said they are entitled to reservation benefits and advantages enshrined in articles 15 (4) and 16(4) of the constitution (dealing with reservation).
the panel also suggested that looking at exceptional circumstances and extraordinary situations generated on declaring marathas as socially and educationally backward and their consequential entitlement to reservation benefits, the government may take appropriate decision within constitutional provision to address the emerging scenario in the state.
by ptinew delhi: describing modi government as 'kisan hiteshi' (pro-farmers), the bjp on friday resolved at its national convention that farmers are the top-most priority of the ruling dispensation.
months ahead of lok sabha polls, the convention, the biggest ever gathering attended by over 12,000 party members, also passed a resolution on development in rural areas, citing a host of developmental measures taken by modi government for transforming lives in villages.
it came at the time when the opposition has accused the government of betraying farmers and various farm organisations have protested in different parts of the country.
farm distress has been cited by congress chief rahul gandhi as a key issue for the upcoming parliamentary polls.
union home minister rajnath singh proposed the resolution on agriculture which was seconded by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and bjp farmer wing head virendra singh.
read | 2019 lok sabha polls battle of ideologies: amit shah at bjp council meetwhile the resolution on poverty alleviation was proposed by external affairs minister sushma swaraj, which was seconded by bihar bjp chief nityanand rai and party's vice-president dushyant gautam.
swaraj at length described the initiatives taken by the modi government in last four-and-half-years such as jan dhan yojana under which bank accounts were opened and how these measures brought positive change in the lives of the people.
the convention with the presence of over 12000 party members is the biggest party get-together, a bjp leader said.
it is expected to rejuvenate the party cadres ahead of the lok sabha elections.
the agriculture resolution lauded the government for successfully dealing with issues of farmers' income.
the government will not just be able to reach the goal of doubling of farmers' income but would also be looking forward from there.
the vision of the bjp is an independent, able, strong and prosperous farmer as annadata (food giver), who will take country's economy to great heights, the resolution said.
the resolution described modi government as 'kisan hiteshi' and farmers its top most priority.
all speakers described modi government as the well-wisher of farmer.
farmers are likely to get 50 per cent more benefit on their produce whereas on crops like urad and bajra the profit will be 96 per cent, singh informed.
the resolution at length compared the overall condition of agriculture sector and the support price given to farmers under the upa rule and the nda regime.
singh said that the total budget allocation in the sector has almost doubled compared to the funds allocated during the upa regime.
later, addressing the press conference over the resolution, party's national general secretary bhupendra yadav said in case of natural disasters, the agriculture sector has got rs 32,000 crores from national disaster relief fund which is 2.
5 times higher than previous government and the allocations made to states is 82 per cent more than previous government's allotment.
in 2013-14, the upa government spent rs 2151 crores on crop insurance which has now increased to 13,000 crores which is six times higher under modi government, the resolution said.
earlier, they (farmers) were getting claims for minimum 50 per cent damage to their crops, whereas now, even if there is 33 per cent damage to crops, they are being benefitted,  yadav added while briefing on the resolution.
taking dig at the congress, yadav asked why are farmers in karnataka getting notices.
listing the government's achievements, yadav said the food grain production has increased to 11.
4 per cent in 2017-18.
in horticulture, the production has shown 17.
55 per cent rise.
the resolution said a total of 17.
53 crores soil health cards have been distributed, helping farmers to decide on right fertilizers.
the party also lauded the government for taking some strong measures which include import duty on wheat increased to 20 per cent and on tur dal to 10 per cent.
budget on agriculture education saw an increase of 55 per cent in 2018-2019 compared to 2013-2014, added yadav.
kochi: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday took a dig at chief minister pinarayi vijayan saying he should focus more on dealing with the political killings in kerala rather than rallying against cattle trade ban.
fadnavis was in kochi to take part in the bjps campaign being undertaken as part of the third anniversary of the nda government at the centre.
he also elaborated on the projects initiated by the union government in kerala.
terming the political murders in kerala as a grave issue, he claimed as many as 17 political murders were reported in the state recently.
when you kill political opponents having different political ideology, you are failing the democracy, he said.
but, prohibition of cow slaughter is part of the directive principles of state policy in the constitution.
productivity has been affected in places where the cow population has decreased, he said.
fadnavis elaborated he used the term productivity to explain cow dung is a manure essential for enriching the fertility of land.
farmers agitationfadnavis held the previous maharashtra government responsible for the farmers agitation in the state.
we are in discussion with farmers.
the issue will be resolved without delay, he said.
over the past few years, the agricultural sector in madhya pradesh has been recording a growth rate of 20 per cent, he said.
fadnavis also visited the sc/st colony at irapuram near perumbavoor.
he later addressed children and youths in kochi before returning to mumbai in the evening.
by ptimumbai: the maharashtra congress tuesday demanded the centre scrap an agreement with aramco for a proposed refinery project in the state alleging that saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman's comments in pakistan after the pulwama attack had rubbed salt on the wounds of indians.
saudi aramco and an indian consortium consisting of iocl, bpcl and hpcl had signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) in april last year to jointly develop and build ratnagiri refinery & petrochemicals (rrpcl), an integrated refinery and petrochemicals complex, in the maharashtra's konkan region.
the usd 44 billion project is, however, popularly known as nanar (proposed site) refinery in maharashtra's political discourse.
read | pm modi greets saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman at delhi airport with a hugmaharashtra congress general secretary sachin sawant made the demand even as the crown prince is scheduled to reach india tuesday night and hold talks with prime minister narendra modi on wednesday.
the crown prince, colloquially known as mbs, was in islamabad on february 17.
sawant said saudi arabia signed a slew of investment agreements worth usd 20 billion with pakistan even after a terror outfit based in that country, jaish-e-mohammed (jem), carried out an attack in pulwama on february 14 killing 40 crpf troopers.
he (crown prince) also said there (in pakistan) that he is pakistan's self-declared ambassador.
this is like rubbing salt on the wounds of indians, sawant told reporters here.
he claimed the prince had also stated that the list of terrorists should not be politicised.
read here | as bjp wins over sulking shiv sena, nanar oil refinery project to be relocatedsawant claimed it meant saudi arabia had opposed india's demand to declare jem chief maulana masood azhar a terrorist.
in such a case, an agreement is being signed with saudi arabia for the refinery project.
it is our demand that the agreement be scrapped immediately, sawant said.
the modi government should take a firm position on this.
shifting the project from nanar will not suffice, but the agreement itself has to be scrapped, he added.
sawant said the decision to shift the refinery project was a victory of the locals who he claimed had been opposed to it.
farmers spilling milk on the road during their state-wide strike over various demands at a village in ahmednagar maharashtra on thursday.
| file photo by ptimumbai: as the agitation of farmers in maharashtra continued for the fourth day today and the supply of vegetables and milk remained largely hit, farmers' outfits said they were firm on going ahead with the 'maharashtra bandh' tomorrow, excluding mumbai.
the prices of vegetables and fruits have been on an upward path in cities, including mumbai, due to the drastic fall in supplies from key production centres like nashik and ahmednagar.
farmers, who have been on war path since june 1 over their demands, including waiver of farm loan and other concessions like lower power tariff, continued the agitation for the fourth day today in parts of maharashtra, including nashik and ahmednagar, which have become nerve centres of the protest.
a meeting of farmers' representatives from different parts of the state under the aegis of kisan kranti morcha (kkm) that is spearheading the agitation, was held at the agriculture produce market committee (apmc) in nashik this afternoon.
during the meeting several resolutions were passed and a decision to go ahead with the maharashtra bandh (excluding mumbai) was taken.
the kisan kranti morcha committee has given a call for 'maharashtra bandh' tomorrow, excluding mumbai, convener of the committee, chandrakant bankar, said.
a farmer leader from nashik said, the call for maharashtra bandh had already been given, but it was suspended after a delegation of farmers met the chief minister.
now, as the government tried to sabotage our stir, we have decided to go ahead with 'maharashtra bandh' tomorrow.
the decision was taken this afternoon after a meeting of farmers' leaders in nashik.
as part of the 'maharashtra bandh' tomorrow, the farmers' groups have decided to lock down the government offices, another farmer leader said.
one of the resolutions passed during the nashik meeting said that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis should implement the farmers' demands instead of just giving assurances.
demand for withdrawal of cases registered against the farmers at different places across the state during the stir was also part of the resolution, bankar said.
a core committee meeting of kkm will be held at mumbai on june 7 and a statewide convention of farmers will be held in nashik on june 8 to decide the future course of action, he added.
demands of farmers include a complete loan waiver, implementation of the swaminathan committee report and cancellation of the proposed mumbai-nagpur 'samruddhi' expressway, bankar said.
he appealed to the traders and transporters to join the ongoing protest by farmers.
in yavatmal, a farmers' outfit 'shetkari nyaya hakka anodolan samiti' announced its support to the state-wide one- day 'bandh' tomoroow.
at some places in nashik district, farmers staged rasta- rokos and poured milk on the roads, police said.
at places like yeola and manmad in nashik district farmers also took out a rally against the state government late this evening.
farmers in marathwada also continued with the protests.
according to officials, while the supply of vegetables and milk to various markets has improved as compared to yesterday, the state authorities are trying to provide more protection to the vegetable and milk suppliers, who are bringing the produce from the neighbouring districts to mumbai.
the vegetable and milk supply has to be smooth as its lower availability will have double impact-- the farmers who could not send their produce will incur losses, while the artificial increase in vegetables prices will affect the consumers, a senior state government official said.
meanwhile, swabhimani shetkari sanghatana leader and sitting mp from kolhapur, raju shetti, said, i am personally supporting the farmers' strike and members of swabhimani shetkari sanghatna (sss) will participate in various areas of the state.
asked about the role played by maharashtra minister of state for agriculture and marketing and sss leader sadabhau khot on friday night when a group of farmers under the banner kisan kranti morcha came to mumbai and called off the strike, shetti said, sadabhau has breached the trust of the farmers.
he was once the favourite leader of farmers, but now he has become a traitor.
he wants to be close to power than protesting for the farmers' rights.
khot has brokered the deal with the government and sabotaged the agitation.
his action is against the swabhimani shetkari sanghatna's decision to support the strike.
he will be called before the state-level meeting of working committee of sss, shetti said.
farmers in maharashtra launched their stir on june 1 for various demands, prominent being waiving loans due to crop failures and indebtedness, and guaranteed msp.
after holding talks with leaders of farmers on late friday night, the chief minister yesterday announced that his government would waive loans of farmers with small land- holding.
he said 80 per cent of such farmers are in vidarbha and marathwada who will benefit by the move.
after the announcement, some farmer leaders announced that the stir stands withdrawn.
however, a section of farmers expressed their resolve to continue with the agitation.
mumbai: filmmakers who have signed up pakistani actors will have to cough up a rs 5 crore penance' for army welfare, raj thackeray, president of maharashtra navnirman sena (mns), said on saturday.
this, along with a promise not to engage pakistani talent in future, would ensure a peaceful release for movies by the mns.
this was the outcome of a mediation done by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis between movie producers and the mns.
several retired senior army officials, public intellectuals and twitterati slammed the outcome as a case of extortion, legalised by the maharashtra government.
one of the most vociferous attacks came from the former air vice marshal manmohan bahadur.
i served four decades in uniform - and never did i live on extorted money.
what's this happening in my country?
he tweeted.
why should the armed forces be made a part of this extortion?
by accepting this money they would become a receiver of tainted money, he said, adding that the army never doubts the love and sentiment of countrymen behind contributions to the welfare fund.
the government provides enough to take care of our soldiers.
if someone wants to donate, it's purely their individual decision.
no one should use it for their political gains, said former army chief general deepak kapoor speaking to express.
calling it a confrontation between the movie producers and the mns, kapoor said: the army should not be dragged into this episode, it is a secular organisation with no political affinity.
lt general balbir singh, former chief of staff in the northern command says, national interest is supreme than any political interest.
and army does not believe in taking political advantage of this issue, especially when it comes to donation for army welfare fund.
while thackeray proudly claimed credit for resolving the crisis, opposition parties, including a section of the bjp, expressed displeasure over the development.
fadnavis was criticised for yeilding to the demands and having let the issue escalate.
the chief minister represents a constitutional entity.
it is wrong for him to even witness, let alone participate in legitimisation of extra-constitutional authority, the congress spokesperson sachin sawant said.
the ncp spokesperson nawab malik said that fadnavis and thackeray have undermined the martyredome of our soldiers.
the film producers seemed more than relieved to have found a breakthrough.
i assured fadnavis that the producer's guild has taken a decision in the larger interest of the sentiments of the people and the soldiers and the entire country that we will not work with pakistani artists in the future, the guild's president mukesh bhatt said.
world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , second right, greets an indian railway police officer after taking a trip in a suburban train in mumbai on february 28.
(photo | ap)mumbai: world bank ceo devendrafadnavis paid a visit to asias largest slum dharavi in mumbai.
she also travelled in a local train from churchgate to dadar.
watch: world bank ceo visits mumbai slum dharaviduring her first official visit to india, georgevia will see the operations of bank-supported suburban rail system in mumbai starting today.
she will hold discussions with finance minister arun jaitley, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , rbi governor urjit patel besides other key policy-makers.
india is our biggest middle income client.
its economic growth influences global growth.
its achievements in health and education contribute to the world achieving the sustainable development goals.
i am keen to learn more as india is a laboratory for the world to learn about what works in development and to find new ways to collaborate.
georgieva said.
while in mumbai, she will have the opportunity to see how the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system - which carries about eight million commuters each day - is serving a fast growing and urbanizing india.
georgevia will also visit a school serving low-income households and children with special needs, which is a part of centre's sarva shiksha abhiyan programme supported by the bank to see how the mumbai administrators are striving to ensure that basic services are delivered to all residents of the city.
abhijit muley byexpress news servicemumbai: the renewed security threat in wake of the tension on the border might force the budget session of the maharashtra legislature to be curtailed, sources have said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis called a meeting of all party leaders in the assembly on wednesday evening after both the houses were adjourned.
mumbai police commissioner subodh jaiswal and dgp datta padsalgikar too attended the meeting.
various aspects of the renewed threat perception in mumbai and maharashtra were discussed at the meeting after which cm proposed curtailment of the already short session.
though any decision wasnt made at the meeting, the session is likely to end after the houses approve the vote on account for first four months of the next fiscal year, sources said.
also read | iaf air strike: mumbai on high alert, government asks schools to exercise cautionassembly session leads to a heavy concentration of vvips in the city.
this, in turn, adds to the pressure on already overstrained security forces.
hence, security advice had been sent to the government to keep the session at the minimum, sources said.
the budget session, which generally lasts for around five weeks, was already boiled down to a week due to the possibility of elections being announced.
the session began on february 25 and was to end on march 2.
however, now, it might end on thursday, sources said.
meanwhile, minister of state for home deepak kesarkar said that there was no need for panic, though the security across the city and the state have been heightened.
mumbai is always on alert.
it has been moved on high alert mode, he said.
meanwhile, all unit commanders of all security agencies across the state were asked on wednesday to follow all standards relating to a high-alert scenario, while the citizens were appealed to be on a lookout for danger and police stations were asked to be actively connected with their informers.
the coastlines too are being monitored closely and important cities like pune, nashik, aurangabad, kolhapur and nagpur too have been moved on high alert apart from mumbai.
schools in mumbai have issued guidelines for parents and students asking them to follow certain rules, while crowded areas like hotels, beaches, markets and railway stations are under strict vigil, police sources have said.
security was tightened at chhatrapati shivaji maharaj international airport (csmia), where armed police and dog squads have been deployed in the area of cargo complex, major hotels in its vicinity along with the airport terminal.
by ptimumbai: the mumbai police said wednesday that the economic offences wing (eow) has expedited its probe against a builder accused of trying to grab a bungalow of actor dilip kumar and his wife saira banu.
a case has been registered against builder sameer bhojwani at the suburban khar police station on saira banu's complaint, an official said.
saira banu had recently taken to twitter to appeal prime minister narendra modi for help in the matter.
bhojwani is accused of forging title documents of the star couple's rs 250 crore-worth bungalow in pali hill area here and registering it in someone else's name.
investigation by the eow is going on and the accused has got an anticipatory bail, the spokesperson of the mumbai police said wednesday.
the eow has challenged the bail in the higher court, he said.
the investigation will take its natural course, but instructions have been given to the officers to expedite it, he said.
the eow has given priority to this case, he added.
saira banu had met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier and said she apprehended danger from the accused person, after which the joint commissioner of eow spoke to her, the police spokesperson said.
another case of alleged cheating and forgery has been registered against bhojwani at khar police station on the complaint of one divyakant ranjeet khatau, he said.
in this case, bhojwani is accused of grabbing, by using a fake power of attorney, a rs 300 crore property of the seth gulraj khatau trust on aksa beach.
bhojwani was arrested in this case and later got bail.
by ptimumbai: ncp president sharad pawar on tuesday met chief minister devendrafadnavis here and asked the government to take efforts at war-level to compensate and rehabilitate those hit by unprecedented floods in parts of maharashtra.
pawar also asked the state government to provide basic amenities at the earliest to flood-affected people in kolhapur, sangli, satara and other areas.
i requested the chief minister to take efforts at war-level to bring on track those hit by the unprecedented flood crisis, compensate them for losses, rehabilitate affected ones and provide basic amenities, pawar said on twitter after the meeting.
also read: maharashtra floods: krishna, panchganga below danger level; death toll at 51the former union minister also hoped cm fadnavis would address the concerns raised by him on priority and resolve them before the model code of conduct for the maharashtra assembly polls, due in september-october, comes into effect.
however, some of the demands have been partially considered and there are some flaws.
so, raised the concerns voiced by affected people in detail, pawar said.
the ncp chief was accompanied at the meeting by the party's maharashtra unit head jayant patil, mp sunil tatkare, senior leader dilip walse-patil among others.
the maharashtra government had on monday announced a slew of measures like loan waiver for farmers, new houses under the pradhan mantri awas yojana (pmay) for those who lost their dwellings, and free food grains to flood-affected people.
heavy rains and floods battered several areas of western maharashtra and the konkan region earlier this month, with kolhapur and sangli districts bearing the maximum brunt.
by ptikolhapur: the flood situation following incessant rains in western maharashtra's kolhapur continued to remain grim on wednesday, affecting nearly 51,000 people and 200 villages and submerging over 340 bridges, officials said.
five rescue teams of the navy were mobilised to provide assistance to those affected by heavy rains in kolhapur and sangli, a defence spokesperson said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation in various parts of the state and directed the authorities concerned to make adequate arrangements of food, drinking water and other essential items for those affected.
around 204 villages out of total 1,234 in kolhapur have been affected due to the floods.
total 11,000 families, comprising nearly 51,000 individuals, are affected and 15,000 people have been shifted to safer places, kolhapur's resident deputy collector sanjay shinde told pti.
besides, 342 bridges have gone underwater and are closed for vehicular movement.
around 29 state highways and 56 main roads have also been shut.
the mumbai-bengaluru national highway no.
4 and the kolhapur-ratnagiri highway (part of the mumbai-goa national highway) are still shut, he said.
also read: heavy rain in kolhapur, 10,000 evacuated, national highway to belgaum shutover 45 boats have been deployed for the evacuation operations, he said.
shinde's office was also not spared the rain fury.
my office has been completely flooded due to rains and several offices in the collectorate have been shifted to other places, he said.
kolhapur and sangli have been the worst affected by heavy rains in western maharashtra in the last few days.
in response to the state administration's request for assistance to local populace affected by heavy rains in the area, five teams of the western naval command have been mobilised, the defence spokesperson said.
the goa naval area also deployed four teams of divers for rescue operations in kolhapur, he said.
the rescue teams, along with diving equipment, were flown from ins hansa naval air station at goa on wednesday morning for kolhapur airfield, he added.
during the review meeting in mumbai with ministers and senior state officials, the chief minister asked the water resources department to share information on water discharge from dams and other projects with railways regularly.
he also asked the officials concerned to make available medical teams in the affected districts in case of any requirement or demand from the local administration, and directed for special care of children in flood-hit areas.
teams of the national disaster response force (ndrf) and state disaster response force (sdrf) were deployed to assist the affected people, the chief minister's office (cmo) said, adding that the navy, army, air force and coast guard were also engaged in rescue and relief efforts.
pune divisional commissioner deepak mhaisekar on tuesday said the flood situation in kolhapur and sangli was critical as several rivers in the region were flowing above the danger mark.
three villages in kolhapur with 7,000 people have been cut off completely and efforts are on to evacuate them, mhaisekar said.
the administrations of kolhapur and sangli have declared a holiday for schools and colleges on wednesday.
by express news servicemumbai: in a written reply to a question in state assembly, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on tuesday refuted claims that dd desai, the company that was found to be at fault in the 'kasab' bridge collapse incident, was given new contracts for bridge repairs.
the cm also reiterated that of the 29 bridges in the city that are in a dilapidated condition, eight have already been demolished, 13 have been closed for traffic while work is on in eight of them.
the foot-overbridge near chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminus, which was known as the himalaya bridge, had collapsed on march 14 just days after the corporation received structural audit report that had declared it fit.
while 7 lives were lost in the mishap and 33 others were injured, a retired chief engineer, an executive engineer and an assistant engineer were arrested.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: the bjp and shiv sena seem to be exploring possibilities of contesting the forthcoming assembly elections independently even after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis stated that the two parties will contest as an alliance.
though all the leaders from both the parties are talking of an alliance, i dont think that it is going to happen.
during a recent meeting, the top leaders told party workers that the forthcoming assembly polls need to be contested on the lines of the 2014 assembly polls, said a bjp leader on the condition of anonymity.
in 2014, the bjp and the shiv sena had contested independently and the bjp had gained many constituencies from the areas traditionally known as shiv sena strongholds.
according to party insiders, there were around 60 constituencies where the party had lost by a margin of between 500 and 1,000 votes, while on other 30 constituencies the partys losing margin was below 5,000 votes.
party cadres have been asked to concentrate on these 90 constituencies apart from the 122 won in 2014.
would it be possible in an alliance with the shiv sena?
the leader said.
according to the alliance pact announced by fadnavis before the lok sabha elections, the shiv sena and the bjp are supposed to contest on an equal number of seats after leaving some seats for the other five parties within the alliance.
it would mean that the bjp would not be able to contest on more than 10-12 seats.
in that case where will all these leaders being inducted in the party go?
asked another bjp leader.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray has also taluka level leaders to be prepared for both the scenarios  to contest with and without the alliance.
the party wants to contest on least 144 seats, half of 288 and also wants the cms post to be shared for 2.
5 years.
the bjp has already declined both the conditions.
by ptikolhapur: maharashtra minister girish mahajan on friday stoked a controversy after two selfie video clips surfaced purportedly showing him smiling and waving hands cheerfully as he surveyed parts of the flood-hit district.
this prompted the opposition ncp to rebuke mahajan.
questioning if the minister was on tourism, the ncp asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to seek resignation of the insensitive water resources minister.
in one of the clips, an unknown person accompanying mahajan is seen taking selfie video as they rode through water in parts of kolhapur in western maharashtra.
the bjp minister can be seen smiling and waving hands in this clip.
in another clip, mahajan is seen inspecting the flood situation standing on a road as the person filmed the selfie video.
minister @girishdmahajan and officials were smiled, posed selfie.
are the rulers left with any sensitivity?
@dev_fadnavis ji take resignation of this insensitive minister, suspend the officials concerned, ncp leader dhananjay munde tweeted.
@girishdmahajan    ,  .
?
?
@dev_fadnavis ,      ,  .
pic.
twitter.com/7wm0a2be5m dhananjay munde (@dhananjay_munde) august 9, 2019expressing grief over death of a child due to floods, leader of the opposition in the state legislative council munde of the ncp also asked mahajan if he feels ashamed of his approach to the situation.
parts of maharashtra, particularly the sangli and kolhapur districts, are in the grip of devastating floods over the last one week following heavy rainfall in the region.
as of thursday, over two lakh people have been evacuated to safer places in the flood-ravaged districts.
by ptimumbai: the shiv sena monday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to declare that the statue of maratha king chhatrapati shivaji maharaj planned off the mumbai coast will be the tallest in the world.
the party also asked fadnavis not to be scared of prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah to declare this, adding having shivaji's statue taller than that of sardar patel won't diminish the iron man's prestige.
the sena said ncp's state unit chief jayant patil has claimed the height of shivaji's statue has been decreased to ensure that patel's statue of unity remains the tallest.
it said fadnavis should use the same courage that he displayed in announcing quota for the maratha community, and not be scared of prime minister modi and shah over the issue of shivaji statue's height.
decreasing the height of shivaji's statue to make sardar patel's statue look taller is a narrow and distorted mindset, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'saamana'.
fadnavis should use the same courage he showed while granting reservation to the maratha community and fearlessly announce that shivaji's statue would be the tallest in the world, and not get scared of amit shah and modi.
this will not diminish the prestige of sardar patel, it said.
the uddhav thackeray-led party reminded fadnavis that earlier, then union finance minister chintamanrao deshmukh in the jawaharlal nehru government had shown courage to tender his resignation, to ensure mumbai stayed with maharashtra.
the party rued that while the 'statue of unity' has already been unveiled and opened for public viewing, not a single brick has been laid for the construction of shivaji's statue.
there are now doubts being raised if there was an internal conspiracy to make shivaji's statue seem like a dwarf compared to the structure dedicated to sardar patel, it said.
shivaji's statue should be larger than that of any other leader and all parties should come together for it, said the sena, bjp's ally at the centre and in maharashtra.
prime minister modi had on october 31 inaugurated the imposing 182-metre statue of sardar patel, the first home minister of independent india, in gujarat's narmada district.
the congress and the ncp had said in the maharashtra assembly in july that the height of shivaji's statue, to be built in the arabian sea off the mumbai coast, was being reduced, a claim then rejected by fadnavis, who had said it will be the tallest in the world.
in response to an rti query, the bjp-led state government had said that certain height specifications of the shivaji memorial were changed to reduce the project cost.
bjp-backed mlc vinayak mete, who is chairman of the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj memorial committee, monday said the total height of the statue, including the pedestal, would be 212 metres.
the height of the statue and pedestal would be in the 60:40 ratio, he added.
by ptimumbai: senior congress leader prithviraj chavan tuesday accused maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis of interpreting the rules of the state backward class commission as per his own convenience in connection with the report on maratha reservation.
the state government and the opposition are at loggerheads over the tabling of the sbcc report on maratha reservation in the legislature.
while the opposition has demanded that the report be tabled in the legislature, the state government is keen to place only the action taken report (atr) along with the bill to provide reservations to the maratha community.
speaking to reporters, chavan said sbcc rules in marathi specify that the report needs to be tabled along with the atr in the house.
however, he added, the english translation of these rules state that the annual report and the atr needs to be tabled.
fadnavis has conveniently chosen to use this loophole (difference in terminology in the two languages) in the rules for his own benefit.
as per the marathi translation of the rules, the word is 'report' and the state government, therefore, should table the report on maratha reservations in the house, chavan told reporters.
he said the bombay high court's order on november 14, 2014, staying the then congress-ncp government's decision to provide 16 per cent maratha quota, had also stressed the need for tabling such reports in the legislature.
the high court, in its order at the time, had observed that the state government had not tabled the reports on maratha reservation, prepared by the bapat committee and the rane committee, in the house.
what does the chief minister want to hide by not tabling the report in the legislature?
i fear the report could be rejected by the high court, chavan claimed.
earlier in the day, fadnavis rejected the opposition's demand to table the sbcc report on maratha reservations in the state legislature.
in section 14 (of sbcc rules) it is stated that the annual report and atr (action taken report) on recommendations be placed before the house.
on monday, state revenue minister chandrakant patil had said that the bill for providing reservations to the maratha community will be introduced in the legislature on november 29.
by ptipune/ mumbai: over four lakh people have been evacuated to safer places from flood-affected parts of maharashtra in last five days, including 3.
78 lakh from the worst-hit kolhapur and sangli districts where water began to recede slowly on saturday.
a total of 30 persons died in rain-related incidents in five districts of western maharashtra in the last one week, including 12 who drowned when a boat capsized in sangli.
the situation in western maharashtra is likely to improve as five lakh cusec of water was being discharged from almatti dam on the krishna river in karnataka, officials said.
the backwaters of the dam are spread in maharashtra.
the discharge from koyna (satara) and radhanagari (kolhapur) dams stood at 77,987 cusec and 7,112 cusec, respectively, a state government statement said.
according to the statement, 4,24,333 people have been evacuated across the state.
a total of 761 villages in 69 tehsils are affected by floods.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday.
addressing a press conference there, fadnavis attributed the flooding to unprecedented rainfall this monsoon, which he said was more than double of that in 2005 when massive floods had been witnessed.
during the 2005 floods, sangli had received 217 per cent rainfall in a month's time, while there was 758 per cent rainfall in just nine days now.
in kolhapur, there was 159 per cent rainfall in 2005, while it was 480 per cent in nine days this time, he said.
while the overall situation, especially in kolhapur and sangli, improved slightly on saturday, evacuation of people from flooded areas continued.
there is an improvement in the overall situation.
water is receding, albeit slowly, abhinav deshmukh, kolhapur superintendent of police, told pti.
pune divisional commissioner deepak mhaisekar said the water level in kolhapur has fallen by three inches since morning.
while the danger level of the panchganga river is 51.
8 feet in kolhapur city and 43 feet in the district, the current water level is above the danger line.
in sangli, the water level has dropped by eight inches.
the danger level of the krishna river there is 45 feet while the current level is 55.
10 feet, mhaisekar said.
if there is no heavy rainfall in both the districts, it will take 72 hours for the water to recede, he said.
apart from local administration, the national disaster response force (ndrf), maharashtra state disaster response force (sdrf), army, navy, iaf, coast guard teams are involved in the rescue and relief operations.
fifteen more navy teams from visakhapatnam will join the relief and rescue operations in kolhapur.
in kolhapur, where 249 villages were affected, 2,33,150 people have been evacuated so far, while in sangli district, where 108 villages were under water, 1,44,987 people were rescued and shifted to safer places.
as many as 43,922 livestock animals have been evacuated from kolhapur and sangli districts.
in satara, 118 villages were affected due to floods, from where 9,221 people were evacuated, while 13,500 were rescued from 108 villages in pune district.
in nashik, 3,894 people were rescued from five villages.
in thane, 25 villages were flooded from where 13,104 people were shifted to safer places.
in neighbouring palghar district, 2,000 people were rescued from 58 villages.
twelve villages in ratnagiri district experienced flooding, from where 687 people were moved to safety, while in raigad and sindhudurg, 3,000 and 490 people were rescued, respectively.
national highway 4 (mumbai- bengaluru) is still shut, and karnataka-bound vehicles coming from mumbai are advised to take the solapur route, mhaisekar said.
priority will be given to launch clean-up drives once floodwaters recede, he said.
arrangements are being made to set up temporary toilets in sangli and kolhapur, mhaisekar said, adding that 150 medical teams have been deployed for kolhapur, 80 for sangli, and 72 for satara.
a meeting was held with bank representatives to restore atms in sangli and kolhapur districts.
banks have been asked not to insist on passbooks for withdrawing cash.
cash will be disbursed on the basis of uids, he said.
meanwhile, three more bodies have been recovered following the boat capsize incident during the rescue operations on thursday near brahmanal village in sangli.
nine people had drowned and as many others had gone missing in the incident.
we have recovered three more bodies, including that of a girl, an official said.
it took the death toll in the incident to 12.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: issues such as building the ram temple at ayodhya and abolition of article 370 form the foundation of the alliance between the shiv sena and the bharatiya janata party (bjp), shiv sena president uddhav thackeray said here on wednesday as he addressed a gathering of shiv sainiks on the 53rd foundation day of the party.
he further added that in the coming days the issues would be resolved and the alliance would emerge stronger.
chief minister devendrafadnavis too was present at the occasion and both he and thackeray assured the workers that the alliance will be sustained and shall emerge stronger at the assembly elections in october this year.
our alliance has an emotive base of hindutva.
no other alliance in india has such a base, which is why the gelling of grass root workers of both the parties is absolutely fine, thackeray said.
those who called savarkar a coward have been defeated; it is the biggest achievement of the lok sabha polls.
now we have to ensure decisive defeat of that line of thinking which is uncomfortable with jai shri ram slogans in parliament and doesnt want to chant vande mataram, he added.
thackeray also said that the shiv sena workers would now ensure that the benefit of government schemes reaches the last man.
fadnavis urged shiv sena workers to ignore all the discussions and debate in media regarding who would be the chief minister.
such things will be revealed at the right time.
workers should ensure victory of our candidates and leave these things to leaders, he said.
thackeray later hinted at equal distribution of power between the two in a jovial manner.
maha snub for loyal sena-bjp cadresncp leader ajit pawar criticised cm fadnavis move of inducting some former congress-ncp leaders into his cabinet during its expansion, saying loyal shiv sena-bjp cadres were ignored during the exercise.
next maharashtra cm from shiv senain its official mouthpiece saamna, the shiv sena claimed that the next chief minister of maharashtra will be from the party.
by ptimumbai: mns president raj thackeray, who has received an enforcement directorate notice in the il&fs case, need not worry if he had done no wrong, said maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday.
he warned the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) of consequences if it resorted to protests that inconvenienced the public.
the ed has issued the notice to thackeray in connection with its money laundering probe in the il&fs alleged payment default case.
thackeray has been asked by the ed to appear before the investigating officer in the case on august 22, according to officials.
if he has done nothing wrong, he should not be afraid of such a notice.
there is no need to create problems for the people.
if raj has done nothing wrong, his party should not create problem for common people, he said.
if they (mns) engage in any untoward incident, they will face the consequences, fadnavis warned.
the ed is probing thackeray's involvement in the case in connection with the il&fs group's loan equity investment in a company called kohinoor ctnl.
besides thackeray, former maharashtra chief minister and senior shiv sena leader manohar joshi's son unmesh joshi has also been summoned by the ed in the same case.
the company was promoted by unmesh joshi and is constructing the kohinoor square towers in mumbai.
thackeray and unmesh joshi had jointly bid for some assets after creating a consortium, but later the mns chief quit.
il&fs invested over rs 200 crore in kohinoor ctnl and is said to have suffered a loss in the deal.
maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis at his official residence in mumbai.
|reutersmumbai: there is no proposal before the maharashtra government for creation of a separate vidarbha state, chief minister devendrafadnavis informed the state assembly here today.
there's no such proposal (for a separate vidarbha state).
the chief minister's said this amid noisy protests by the opposition, within and outside the lower house, on the contentious issue of formation of a separate vidarbha state.
bjp's ally shiv sena, which is vehemently opposed to any such move, also joined in condemning the proponents of a separate vidarbha.
shiv sena mla prakash abitkar asked fadnavis to clarify stand on creation of a separate vidarbha state.
leader of opposition radhakrishna vikhe patil alleged there's fixing between sena and bjp over vidarbha.
the assembly was adjourned for the day after noisy scenes by opposition legislators over the separate vidarbha issue, which had disrupted the house proceedings on friday too.
shiv sena mlas held a protest outside the assembly building, opposing demand for separate vidarbha state.
maharashtra should remain united, shouted the sena legislators on the stairs of the main entrance of vidhan bhawan.
they displayed a banner depicting bjp mp nana patole as shekhchilli (a comic character).
patole had last week moved a resolution in the lok sabha, seeking formation of a vidarbha state.
vikhe patil said maharashtra was formed after the sacrifice of 105 martyrs in samyukt maharashtra movement.
bjp has insulted people of maharashtra by making and backing demand for separate vidarbha, the congress leader said.
mumbai: representatives of the film industry today urged union minister m venkaiah naidu to reduce the proposed gst in film sector from 28 per cent to 18 per cent.
they also asked naidu, who holds the portfolio of information and broadcasting, to support the industry in increasing the number of screens in the country to boost revenue.
the request was made during the consultation meet with stakeholders on the cinematography act here.
naidu said the decisions regarding gst rates are decided by the gst council and assured that the demands of the film sector would be presented before the council.
he said the government would provide all necessary support to the growth of the film industry in all scope and ambit to ensure its robust growth.
he said that indian films have international potential and are the most potent medium of spreading india's culture globally.
naidu said the government is geared up to address all the challenges faced by the sector.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , information and broadcasting secretary ajay mittal, eminent figures of the film industry, representatives of film producers guild, among others, were present on the occasion.
by ptimumbai: ncp leader nawab malik tuesday took a jibe at the shiv sena-headed brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) after his residence in kurla got water- logged following heavy rains.
he also hit out at the bjp-led state government over the ongoing metro works in mumbai, alleging it also contributed to the flooding in the city.
malik shared images on social media of his partly submerged residence, located along lbs marg in the eastern suburb of kurla.
in the pictures, malik himself can be seen standing in nearly knee-high water.
karun dakhavla (have done it), malik tweeted, tagging shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, office of chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bmc in his post.
in another tweet, malik sarcastically said, thanks @mcgm_bmc.
thanks @mcgm_bmc pic.
twitter.com/vtmhetkcav  nawab malik (@nawabmalikncp) july 1, 2019'karun dakhavla' is a slogan the thackeray-led shiv sena had previously used in its poll campaigns to suggest it had kept promises made to the people.
when asked, malik said water started accumulating in his home post mid-night due to incessant rains and receded only after five hours.
the brihanmumbai municipal corporation's (bmc) incomplete drainage cleaning works is responsible for the situation.
mumbai is also bedevilled by the on-going metro works.
so, both the bmc and the state government are responsible for the woes of mumbaikars, malik claimed.
malik said even though parts of the eastern suburbs remained water-logged, electricity supply continued, which he added, could have put lives of citizens in danger.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday termed lynching as an inhuman act and called for stern action against perpetrators of such crimes.
several incidents of mob fury have come to light from various places across the county in recent times.
the perpetrators should be ready to face the consequences for their actions.
there should be strict action against those involved in lynching.
so far, there has been no need of carrying out any cloud seeding drive for artificial rains in the marathwada region, he said.
cloud seeing in a procedure under which an array of chemicals is used to aid precipitation in clouds.
there was a demand for facilitating artificial rains in the drought-prone marathwada some weeks back when the region was not receiving good monsoon showers.
however, the region has been receiving good rains since last four-five days, bridging the gap betwen the normal and actual precipitation.
by ptimumbai: the shiv sena, which is an ally of the bjp-led maharashtra government, has said the next chief minister of the state will be from uddhav thackeray's party.
the sena made the claim in its mouthpiece 'saamana' on wednesday, the day when chief minister devendrafadnavis attended its foundation day function here.
it said even though it has a tie-up with the bjp, the shiv sena is an independent political entity.
we have to resolve to turn the next vidhan sabha 'saffron' and ensure that a shiv sena chief minister will be seated on the dais at the party's 54th foundation day next year, the marathi daily said.
taking stock of its 53-year-old history, the publication said the shiv sena's soul is its 'movement' - be it for hindu pride, marathi asmita (identity) or rights of sons of the soil.
last week, when state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar's claimed that the next chief minister would be from the bjp, yuva sena secretary varun sardesai said the post will be rotated between the two allies.
indicating that the sena would drive a hard bargain before agreeing for an electoral tie-up, sardesai claimed both the parties will share the chief minister's post for 2.
5 years each.
sardesai, a cousin of yuva sena chief aditya thackeray, also tweeted that bjp president amit shah had approved the decision to have rotational chief ministership between the saffron outfits.
another sena leader earlier said fadnavis declared on february 19 that both the parties would share responsibilities and also the number of seats for the vidhan sabha polls.
interestingly, senior sena leader sanjay raut said in february that the next chief minister of maharashtra would be from his party.
bollywood actor aamir khan at the launch of 'fertiltree' international fertility centre by jaslok hospital in mumbai.
| ptimumbai: bollywood actor aamir khan today said it was his dream to make sure that the water crisis in maharashtra was solved for good within the next five years.
he was speaking at 'satyamev jayate water cup awards 2016'.
the competition judged water harvesting efforts of various villages.
the actor and his wife kiran rao, along with the team of his popular tv show satyamev jayate, have formed paani foundation, which works in association with the state government to find ways to end water scarcity.
the first prize worth rs 50 lakhs went to velu village in koregaon tehsil.
second prize of rs 30 lakhs was shared by khapartone and jaigaon villages in ambejogai and koregaon tehsils, respectively.
radi tanda in ambejogai and wathoda in warud tehsils shared the third prize, carrying rs 20 lakhs.
the competition was held from april 20 to june 5 and villages were judged by the amount of water storage they created through water harvesting methods.
the 51-year-old actor hailed the efforts of chief minister devendrafadnavis to make the state drought-free.
it is our dream to make maharashtra drought-free in five years.
and it is our good fortune that maharashtra got a chief minister who has pledged to solve the water crisis.
his political will is really strong, aamir told reporters here.
now our 'yug dharam' is to end drought.
that is our aim.
.
.
a big movement of water conservation has started.
i thank aamir.
he is a perfectionist not only in reel but even in real life, he said.
the first edition of the water cup was restricted to three districts.
aamir said the next phase of the cup would hopefully involve some 30 districts.
in round one, we worked in 3 districts.
in round 2, we are hoping to go to 30 districts and use our learning of round one there, the actor said.
he was highly inspired by the overwhelming response to the competition, he said, and credited the local people for the success.
it is inspiring to see (the result).
we wanted to see if people will do this on their own because we are giving them only knowledge and training.
ultimately everything else they have to put in, aamir added.
by ptisangli: the flood situation due to heavy rains has worsened in western maharashtra's sangli with water entering the district prison, forcing authorities to shift prisoners to its upper floor, an official said on thursday.
following heavy downpour in sangli in the last few days, the district jail premises, housing around 370 inmates, got inundated on wednesday.
currently there is nearly knee-level water in barracks on the ground floor.
we have shifted all inmates to barracks on the first floor.
so far, there is no need to shift the inmates out of the jail, additional director general (prisons) sunil ramanand said told pti.
till wednesday, around 1.
32 lakh flood-affected people in pune region (comprising districts of pune, satara, solapur, sangli and kolhapur) were shifted to safer places, pune divisional commissioner deepak mhaisekar earlier said.
sixteen deaths in rain and flood-related incidents were reported from western maharashtra in the last one week, as the situation continued to remain grim in sangli and kolhapur, another official said on wednesday.
over 53,000 people were evacuated in sangli, 51,000 in kolhapur and 13,000 in pune till wednesday, mhaisekar said.
the road communication between sangli and kolhapur and between kolhapur and belgaum (in karnataka) has been affected, he said, adding that people should avoid traveling on mumbai-bengaluru national highway (nh 4).
in solapur district, 2,500 people were moved to safer places in the temple town of pandharpur after the discharge of water from the overflowing ujani dam increased, he said.
in satara, the flood situation was grim in wai, karad and mahabaleshwar hill town and 6,000 people were evacuated.
teams of the territorial army, navy and national disaster response force (ndrf) were conducting rescue operations in kolhapur and sangli, the official said.
all dams in the region are overflowing and the met department has predicted continuous rains for next few days.
so if the catchment areas of dams receive more rain, the possibility of more floods cannot be ruled out, he said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the flood situation at a meeting in mumbai on wednesday.
he told reporters later that the state received 104 per cent of average rain during june-august period, most of it in western maharashtra and konkan regions.
mumbai: the congress and ncp have taken objection to an advertisement published on the day of civic poll voting here today in some newspapers, featuring actor aamir khan appealing to mumbaikars to vote for transparency and good governance.
the opposition parties have alleged that the ad is a violation of the model code of conduct.
however, the state election commission said it will look into the matter only if someone files a complaint.
notably, the sec has banned political parties and candidates from issuing advertisements in print and electronic media after end of the campaign.
mpcc spokesman sachin sawant claimed that 'mumbai first', the organisation which gave the full-page ad in the newspapers today, is closely associated with chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he alleged that the advertisement is a blatant violation of the code of conduct.
maharashtra sec must take action, he demanded and said that he would meet state election commissioner j s saharia tomorrow with a complaint.
finding loopholes in law and side-stepping rules and regulations is a criminal mindset.
the advertisement is low level politics of bjp, sawant charged.
ncp spokesman nawab malik said as per the new notification of election commission, no advertisement can be published 48 hours prior to the polling day.
bjp has a role to play in today's ads.
they (ads) are violation of the code of conduct, malik alleged.
he also said that ncp will take up the issue with the sec and ensure an fir is filed against those involved.
meanwhile, saharia said his office will take action only if someone approaches it with a complaint.
the advertisement, which has appeared in english, marathi and hindi dailies, prominently uses words like 'transparency', 'change', 'pardarshita' and 'parivartan'.
these words were used by a party during poll campaign.
'transparency' was the ruling bjp's main poll plank.
asked about it, saharia said, an appeal to voters is fine.
if there is a direct campaign by a particular party then only it can be objectionable.
if someone approaches sec with a complaint, we will look into it.
a person in his or her personal capacity can communicate to others regarding exercising their voting right and there should not be a blanket objection to it, saharia said.
mumbai: the maharashtra bandh announced by farmers is making lives difficult and causing rise in prices due to shortage of stock.
mamata, a housewife, said that vegetables which used to cost rs. 40-50 per kg, are now coming for rs. 80-100 per kg and that this is pinching her pocket.
the vegetables have got expensive.
things which used to cost rs. 40-50 per kg, are now coming for rs. 80-100 per kg.
the rise in price of vegetables is affecting our monthly budget, she added.
similar sentiments were echoed by another local manju, who said that the strike is making the lives of commoners difficult.
watch video:we are extremelyy tensed.
the condition is very bad.
there is no stock and everything is so costly.
the high prices are digging a hole in our pockets, she added.
the vendors are also crying foul as the shortage is causing a price rise which is resulting in low sales.
ram, a vendor in the dadri vegetable market, urged the devendrafadnavis government to sort out the farmers issue so that the incumbent strike can end.
there is shortage of vegetables.
the farmers are on strike and it is resulting in shortage.
and because of the high prices the customers are not buying vegetables.
we are not able to earn.
we request the government to chalk out measures to end this strike, he added.
expressing similar opinion, another vendor rakesh said, we dont have stock and because of this we are losing customers.
we are facing a lot of problems.
the strike has been called by a section of farmer leaders who are unhappy with the decision of the kisan kranti morcha calling off their agitation after a meeting with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis last friday.
many protesters are claiming that the leaders who met fadnavis had left the states farmers in the lurch for personal gains, a new leadership has emerged, which is now planning to take the agitation forward.
by afpkatowice: the world bank on monday unveiled usd 200 billion in climate action investment for 2021-25, adding this amounts to a doubling of its current five-year funding.
the world bank said the move, coinciding with a un climate summit meeting of some 200 nations in poland, represented a significantly ramped up ambition to tackle climate change, sending an important signal to the wider global community to do the same.
developed countries are committed to lifting combined annual public and private spending to usd 100 billion in developing countries by 2020 to fight the impact of climate change -- up from 48.
5 billion in 2016 and 56.
7 billion last year, according to latest oecd data.
southern hemisphere countries fighting the impact of warming temperatures are nonetheless pushing northern counterparts for firmer commitments.
climate change causing ground surface warming in indiain a statement, the world bank said the breakdown of the usd 200 billion would comprise approximately usd 100 billion in direct finance from the world bank.
around one third of the remaining funding will come from two world bank group agencies with the rest private capital mobilised by the world bank group.
if we don't reduce emissions and build adaptation now, we'll have 100 million more people living in poverty by 2030, john roome, world bank senior director for climate change, warned.
and we also know that the less we address this issue proactively just in three regions -- africa, south asia and latin america -- we'll have 133 million climate migrants, roome told afp.
when an average 18-year-old indian schooled donald trump on climate changethe bank's financing package amounts to about 40 billion a year, but the direct (finance) is 27 billion per year on average, roome said.
he added that in the 2018 fiscal year, running from july 2017 to june this year, the world bank had committed usd 20.
5 billion to climate action, compared with an annual average of usd 13.
5 billion for the 2014-2018 period.
roome said the money now being earmarked amounted to about 35 per cent of the world bank group's total financing.
much of the climate action financing is being set aside for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, notably through development of renewable energy strategies.
however, the world bank stated that a key priority is boosting support for climate adaptation, given the millions of people already battling the consequences of extreme weather.
by ramping up direct adaptation finance to reach around usd 50 billion over (fiscal) 21-25, the world bank will, for the first time, give this equal emphasis alongside investments that reduce emissions, the bank stated.
climate change could cost us 'hundreds of billions' a year: studygiven the urgency to act in the face of sea level rise, flooding and drought we must fight the causes, but also adapt to the consequences that are often most dramatic for the world's poorest people, said world bank ceo kristalina georgieva.
by stepping up financial aid to developing countries worst affected, georgieva said the bank was committed to adapting infrastructure while investing in climate smart agriculture, sustainable water management and responsive social safety nets as well as early response networks.
even if we can keep global warming down to 2 degrees celsius we know you're gonna need a significant amount of adaptation in places like chad, mozambique or bangladesh, said roome.
the countries whose representatives are meeting at the un climate summit which opened sunday in the polish city of katowice are seeking to make good on commitments made in the 2015 paris climate accord.
that agreement saw countries commit to limiting global temperature rises to well below two degrees celsius (3.
6 degrees fahrenheit), and to the safer cap of 1.
5c if at all possible.
by ptinew delhi: no previous government has worked with the kind of depth and seriousness this dispensation has, union environment minister harsh vardhan said monday as he hit back at congress president rahul gandhi's barb at the centre over the killing of tigress avni.
the government does not need a certificate from rahul gandhi, vardhan said.
he said a report has been sought by his ministry over the killing of avni, who is believed to be responsible for the deaths of 13 people in the past two years, on friday as part of an operation in maharashtra's yavatmal district.
earlier on monday, rahul gandhi tweeted, the greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
mahatma gandhi #avni.
the central government does not need a certificate from rahul gandhi.
the kind of seriousness, depth and honesty that the central government works with, i think no other prior government has done it like this, vardhan said on the sidelines of an event.
asked if his ministry has sought a report, the environment minister said, this is a natural process.
whenever there is any incident, report comes to the department.
women and child development minister maneka gandhi sunday lashed out at the bjp-led maharashtra government over the ghastly murder of the man-eating tigress, calling it a straight case of crime.
maneka gandhi had said she was deeply saddened by the way the tigress was brutally killed.
it is nothing but a straight case of crime.
despite several requests from many stakeholders, (sudhir) mungantiwar, minister for forests, maharashtra, gave orders for the killing, she said in a series of tweets.
she said she is going to take up the matter very strongly with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
mungantiwar said on monday that maneka gandhi lacks information on the issue and can order a high-level probe if she so desires.
the killing of avni, who is survived by her two cubs who are 10 months old, has also been criticised by animal and wildlife bodies.
animal rights body peta india said saturday the killing of a tiger as part of an operation in maharashtra should be investigated and treated as a wildlife crime and termed it a dark day for the nation.
people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) india said avni was killed illegally to satisfy a hunter's lust for blood, in contempt of court and in apparent violation of the wildlife protection act.
by ptipune/mumbai: over four lakh people have been moved to safety from the flood-hit parts of maharashtra so far, including 3.
78 lakh from the worst-hit kolhapur and sangli districts where the situation showed signs of improvement on saturday as the water level started receding.
according to a statement from the state government, 4,24,333 people have been evacuated and shifted to safer places across the state.
a total of 761 villages in 69 'talukas' in the state were affected by the flood.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the rescue and relief operations in sangli on saturday and interacted with the people.
he assured all assistance to them.
addressing a press conference there later, fadnavis attributed the flooding to unprecedented rainfall during this monsoon, which he said was more than double of what was witnessed in 2005, when many parts of the state, including large areas of mumbai, were submerged.
during the 2005 floods, sangli had received 217 per cent rainfall in a month's time, while there was 758 per cent rainfall in just nine days.
in kolhapur, there was 159 per cent rainfall in 2005, while it was 480 per cent in nine days this time, he said.
according to the chief minister, a total of 3,78,000 people were evacuated in kolhapur and sangli districts.
while the overall situation, especially in kolhapur and sangli, improved slightly on saturday, the operation to evacuate people from flooded areas and providing relief to them continued.
there is an improvement in the overall situation.
water is receding, albeit slowly, abhinav deshmukh, kolhapur superintendent of police, told pti.
currently the water level in kolhapur is at 52 feet although the danger level is 47 feet.
the highest water level during the current flood was 57 feet.
as rains have stopped in kolhapur, the situation is likely improving further.
in neighbouring sangli district as well, the water level is receding gradually, officials said.
apart from local administration, the national disaster response force (ndrf), maharashtra state disaster response force (sdrf), army, navy, iaf, coast guard teams are involved in the rescue and relief operations.
fifteen more navy teams from vishakhapatnam will join the relief and rescue operations in kolhapur, the statement said.
in kolhapur, where 249 villages were affected, 2,33,150 people have been evacuated so far, while in sangli district, where 108 villages were underwater, 1,44,987 people were rescued and shifted to safer places.
there are 74 boats in kolhapur and 93 in sangli for rescue operations.
there are 23 teams of ndrf, 26 navy, nine teams of the coast guard and one team of srdf in kolhapur, while in sangli, there are two coast guard teams, eight army teams, two sdrf teams involved in the rescue operation.
in kolhapur, 187 shelter camps have been set up to provide relief to the flood-affected people, while there are 117 such camps in sangli.
the affected people are being given water, food, medical assistance.
as many as 43,922 livestock have been evacuated from kolhapur and sangli districts, it said.
in satara, 118 villages were affected due to floods, from where 9,221 people were evacuated, while 13,500 were rescued from 108 villages in pune district.
in nashik, 3,894 people were rescued from five villages.
in thane, 25 villages were flooded from where 13,104 people were shifted to safer places.
in neighbouring palghar district, 2,000 people were rescued from 58 villages.
twelve villages in ratnagiri district experienced flooding, from where 687 people were moved to safety, while in raigad and sindhudurg, 3,000 and 490 people were rescued respectively.
meanwhile, three more bodies have been recovered in the boat capsize incident during the flood rescue operations on thursday near brahmanal village in palus tehsil of sangli.
nine people had drowned and as many others had gone missing in the incident.
we have recovered three more bodies, including that of a girl, an official said.
with the recovery of three more bodies, the death toll in the incident has gone up to 12.
five lakh cusec of water was being discharged from the almatti dam in karnataka, while from koyna (satara) and radhanagari (kolhapur) dams, the discharge is 77,987 cusec and 7,112 cusec respectively, the statement said.
by ptimumbai: the 13th maharashtra legislative assembly will go down in state history as the one without a deputy speaker for the longest gap of four years.
the bjp government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis assumed office on october 31, 2014, and won the trust vote on november 12.
prior to the trust vote, bjp leader haribhau bagade was unanimously elected speaker.
the shiv sena joined the government in december 2014.
the lower house of the state legislature has met 15 times since then, and on monday will meet again for the 16th time for a two-week winter session.
speaking on the absence of a deputy speaker, legislature officials said it is a constitutional post with laid down procedures for its election.
however, these officials added, it was up to the government of the day to fill the post.
during the sena-bjp rule between 1995-99, sharad motiram tasare of congress from teosa assembly constituency was the deputy speaker.
later, during the 15-year rule of the congress-ncp, the speaker's post was with the ncp while the congress had its nominee on the deputy speaker's post.
however, of the 22 deputy speakers so far, a majority have been from the congress party.
gajananrao raghunathrao garud, who was deputy speaker between march 21, 1978, and april 5, 1979, was an independent mla.
suryakant dongre, who held the post between april 7, 1979, and june 9, 1980, belonged to the republican party of india (khobragade group).
kamal kishore kadam (march 1, 1985, to june 22, 1986) was from the congress (socialist) which at the time was headed by current ncp supremo sharad pawar.
laxman alias anna joshi, who was the deputy speaker from october 20, 1990, and july 3, 1991, was from the bjp while moreshwar termude (july 19, 1991, to march 11, 1995) was from the janata party.
before the state of maharashtra came into existence in 1960, there were five deputy speakers of the legislative assembly of bombay province, which later came to be known as the bilingual bombay state.
the congress' shanmugappa angadi was deputy speaker of the assembly of bombay province from 1946 to 1952.
deendayal gupta, who was the deputy speaker of the bilingual state from june 20, 1957 to april 30, 1960, went on to become the first deputy speaker of the maharashtra legislative assembly on may 1, 1960.
he continued on the post till march 3, 1962.
naushad bijapur byexpress news servicebelagavi: what was almost a done deal between karnataka and maharashtra on releasing krishna water, now seems to be stuck in the quagmire of politics with the neighbouring state insisting on a reciprocal arrangement.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who had met his own party leaders from karnataka on may 3, had promised to release 2 tmcft of the 4 tmcft of water sought on humanitarian grounds.
but he has now reneged on his word under pressure from his legislators and allies saying that the water available in koyna dam will be required for local needs.
karnataka has sought water fromkoyna dam in maharashtraon saturday, karnataka water resources minister d k shivakumar revealed in hubballi that maharashtra is unwilling to release water until an agreement is signed by both states on sharing the 4 tmcft of water.
the change in stance has flummoxed the karnataka government.
while the congress may not want the bjp to claim credit for striking the deal, it will not want to upset locals especially since the bypolls to kundagol and chincholi are just round the corner.
when siddaramaiah was karnataka chief minister, maharashtra had released 2 tmcft of water to karnataka after a delegation of bjp leaders, led by formerunion minister h n ananth kumar and umesh katti, had prevailed upon fadnavis.
but just to prevent bjp from taking any credit for it, the state government did not release of 2 tmcft of water to maharashtra in return.
sources in the maharashtra political circles said this could also be a reason for maharashtra not releasing water this time.
during his campaign visit for the kundagol bypoll on saturday, shivakumar made it clear that maharashtra was unwilling to release water to karnataka despite repeated appeals.
the maharashtra government says it will not release water until we sign an agreement with it.
we have asked them to release water first, assuring that the agreement will be signed later, he added.
maharashtras changed stance ostensibly is due to pressure from local legislators.
shambhuraj desai, shiv sena member of legislative aseembly from patan constituency in maharashtra, shot off a letter to fadnavis stating, water available currently in koyna dam is lesser compared to the corresponding period last year.
it was 40 tmcft last year, but currently, the dam has about 34 tmcft.
as the state needs water for its people, besides 17 tmcft for power generation, it is not advisable to release water to karnataka.
several other legislators too have opposed it, sources said.
the karnataka government also seems to be dragging its feet.
the state government sent a letter recently to maharashtra water resources department seeking release of water.
if the government is serious about it, it should send a delegation of officials and leaders immediately to expedite the process.
otherwise, the drought situation in the state will only worsen, said social activist ashok chandargi.
for many years until 2016, karnataka was paying `3 crore for every tmcft of water released.
maharashtra would release 4 tmcft of water in phases based on the drought situation and water crisis in karnataka.
since 2017, maharashtra has been insisting that karnataka release 4 tmcft of water back to it from almatti reservoir and stopped charging for the water released.
the karnataka government did assure maharashtra of releasing the water back to it, but both sides did not take any concrete steps to have an mou on water sharing, sources said.
former water resources minister basavaraj bommai says the present state government is not serious about tackling drought, which has affected a large population in north karnataka in particular.
the water resources minister should sit with his maharashtra counterpart if he is really serious about tackling drought and find a lasting solution, he added.
by ptibeed: a water grid project and lifting water from konkan to the godavari basin will make droughts in marathwada history, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis claimed on tuesday.
fadnavis also made light of the outreach campaigns of the opposition ncp and congress ahead of the assembly polls, claiming they were receiving poor response in comparison to his 'mahajanadesh yatra'.
the drought situation in marathwada is grim, he told reporters here.
he added the government had created structures to store water in marathwada under the 'jalayukt shivar' plan, but scanty rainfall in the region led to inadequate storage of water.
he said the grid project and transfer of water from konkan to the drought-hit region will help address problems of scarcity there.
it will cost rs 20,000 crore, the chief minister said.
he further said around 167 tmc (thousand million cubic feet) water from konkan region will be lifted and transferred in the godavari basin to address needs of marathwada and parts of konkan region.
but they did not and that's why their condition is what it is.
he ridiculed the congress' 'mahapardafash' rallies planned to expose the chief minister.
the congress itself is getting exposed daily and it need not expose others.
but good they (the congress and ncp) have started their yatras, at least they are going among the people under this pretext, fadnavis quipped.
the chief minister further said his 'mahajanadesh yatra' has covered a distance of 1641 kilometres, fanning 60 assembly segments till now.
he added that he intended to cover 150 assembly seats in 32 districts of the state.
fadnavis launched his pre-election mass contact yatra on august 1 and it has covered vidarbha and north maharashtra.
by express news servicemumbai: though allies, the shiv sena and the bjp appear to be competing to attract more and more voters to their fold ahead of assembly polls in maharashtra.
while yuva sena chief aditya thackeray is scheduled to launch his statewide tour from jalgaon on thursday, chief minister devendrafadnavis launched the deendayal upadhyay antyodaya scheme at mumbai on monday.
both the initiatives aim at reaching out to a maximum number of electorates in the state.
thackeray said at a press conference on monday that he would launch his jan ashirwad yatra (peoples blessings tour), which is aimed at projecting him as the next generation leader within the party, from jalgaon on july 18.
in the first phase of four days, he plans to cover the north maharashtra districts where the bjp is faring better than the shiv sena.
dhule, nashik and nandurbar are the other districts in the region.
the shiv sena had a good hold over the region, but the party lost to the bjp majority of the areas in the 2014 lok sabha polls.
last year, the bjp also managed to win the dhule municipal corporation.
he also appealed to all the departments concerned to achieve the targets given to them in a time-bound manner and reach to actual beneficiaries.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today demanded increase in the import duty of tur from 10 to 25 per cent to ensure price stability.
the demand was made during a meeting with union minister ramvilas paswan this morning in new delhi.
fadnavis demanded that the import duty on tur be increased from 10 per cent to 25 per cent for price stability and also requested the centre to purchase tur that has arrived at the procurement centres till april 22.
the centre had given an extension to tur procurement on the request of the state government but the final extension ended on april 22.
fadnavis also discussed the need to frame a long-term policies for price management and purchase mechanism with paswan, an official in the chief minister's office said.
meanwhile, state congress president ashok chavan criticised the decision to stop tur procurement and called it as betrayal of farmers.
if the government doesn't restart the procurement congress will launch an agitation in protest, he said.
leader of opposition in the assembly, radhakrishna vikhe-patil too demanded that tur procurement should continue and government must ensure that farmers get their payments on time.
by express news servicemumbai: giving a clear hint that an alliance with the shiv sena is unlikely before the lok sabha polls, bjp national president amit shah on sunday asked booth-level party workers not to bother about the alliance (with shiv sena) and to just fight to win.
sources said shah encouraged party workers at latur and asked them to give their best and said, we are an 11-crore strong party.
organisation is our strength.
use the strength to root out the opposition.
while speaking on the alliance, shah put the onus on shiv sena.
if they remain friends, we shall strive to help them win.
if they go with the opposition we will wipe them out along with the opposition, shah said at the meeting attended by chief minister devendrafadnavis , state bjp president raosaheb danve and skill development minister sambhjai patil-nilangekar.
they held a two-hour review meet, where more than 5,000 bjp workers from latur, osmanabad, nanded and hingoli took part.
the bjp had won 23 out 48 lok sabha seats in 2014 while the shiv sena had won 18 and the nda had managed to win 42 seats in the state.
by setting the goal of 40 seats, the bjp has indicated that it wont try to woo the shiv sena.
the bjp has also included former shiv sena chief minister narayan rane on its election manifesto committee.
this, too, is being seen as an attempt to instigate the sena.
however, shiv sena, which made the resolve to go solo, hasnt reacted to the development.
shiv sena spokesperson dr neelam gorhe tried to brush aside the question and each and every development cant be reacted to.
meanwhile, the congress-ncp alliance is almost sealed except for eight seats.
shah is scheduled to visit nagpur and sangli later this month to address similar meetings.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis monday countered the shiv sena's claim of being the big brother in the sena-bjp alliance, saying his party is not seeking a tie-up desperately and can take on the congress-ncp combine.
he was speaking at the valedictory event of a day-long meeting of the state working committee of the bjp in jalna.
bjp does want an alliance with the shiv sena but we are not desperate for it.
we want the alliance as custodians of hindutva and a strong force against corruption.
we (bjp) are competent to fight the congress-ncp combine, he said.
read | shiv sena is 'big brother' in maharashtra, says sanjay raut on seat-sharing with bjpthe chief minister said his party believes in hindutva and wanted to keep the opposition alliance away from power.
several bjp ministers in the state have stated earlier that an alliance with the sena, which has often been critical of the bjp-led government, is needed to keep anti-hindutva forces at bay.
the sena had said last january that it would go it alone in all future elections.
earlier monday, sena's chief whip in parliament and rajya sabha member sanjay raut said his party is the big brother in maharashtra and will continue to be so.
there is no proposal from the bjp to form any alliance with the shiv sena.
.
.
.
we are not waiting for any proposal to be offered to us, raut added.
we need a continuation, he said.
till 2014, the bjp and sena, allies for long, had an understanding where the former contested a larger share of lok sabha seats and the latter contested a greater number of assembly seats in maharashtra.
in the 2014 assembly polls, which the two parties fought separately, the bjp won 122 seats against sena's 63.
the sena later joined the government in the state as a junior partner.
fadnavis also attacked the opposition for creating a hue and cry over implementation of the recommendations made by the swaminathan commission for welfare of farmers.
he said while the congress sat on the report, the narendra modi government has implemented it.
the chief minister said even m s swaminathan had praised pm modi through an article for implementing his recommendations.
the report was submitted during the previous congress regime but the party did not open a single page of the document.
even swaminathan wrote that the upa government did nothing about the report.
he said the proposed mahagatbandhan or grand alliance shaping up against the prime minister, has no agenda except to grab power.
they have come together out of their fear of modi, the cm alleged.
later, addressing a public meeting in the city, the chief minister listed development works being carried out by the bjp government.
in his speech, revenue minister chandrakant patil praised fadnavis for granting 16 per cent reservation to the maratha community.
a brahmin chief minister has given the quota, which (any) maratha cm could not do, he said.
addressing the gathering, rural development minister pankaja munde slammed the erstwhile congress-led government for doing nothing for the state.
the ncp is steeped into corruption.
the rashtravadi party (ncp) should be named as 'bharstacharvadi' (corrupt) party.
bjp state unit president raosaheb danve took a veiled dig at shiv sena minister arjun khotkar, who he said is dreaming to contest jalna lok sabha seat in upcoming polls, and questionned his contribution towards development of the constituency.
ramananda sengupta bynew delhi: the rafale deal was not on the official agenda during the two-day official visit of french minister of europe and foreign affairs, jean-yves le drian, who left for france on saturday after a trip to mumbai and delhi.
le drian arrived in new delhi on friday morning on his 16th official visit and left immediately for mumbai, where he where met delegates attending the second meeting of the indo-french film and television industry professionals, and announced the institution of a fund supporting scriptwriting for indo-french co-productions.
he also met chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he returned to delhi late in the evening.
on saturday, he witnessed the signing of an agreement between atos, a european it services corporation, and the center for development of advanced computing at a delhi hotel, where he also held a meeting with minister of electronics and information technology, ravi shankar prasad.
the deal to procure supercomputers worth rs 4,500 crores from atos would clear the way for the it giant to deploy its bullsequana supercomputers in india, which would help the national supercomputing mission with weather forecasting, drug discovery and data mining.
le drian then met external affairs minister sushma swaraj and prime minister narendra modi, who welcomed the strengthening of bilateral ties in all spheres, including defence, space, counterterrorism, and civil nuclear cooperation.
by ptilucknow: uttar pradesh deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya who has been made a co-incharge for the upcoming maharashtra assembly elections team on sunday said the state will get a grand win in the polls.
maurya based his optimism on the state natives' understanding and realisation that prime minister narendra modi and state chief minister devendrafadnavis need each other for the development of the country and the state.
the party has appointed me as its sahprabhaari (co-incharge) for the assembly elections in maharashtra.
mumbai will be my centre and i am fully confident that the bjp will secure a 'maha-vijay' in maharashtra, said maurya.
the people of maharashtra know it very well that maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis needs prime minister modi for development of maharashtra and the prime minister too wants to have fadnavis there, he said.
the two government are complementary to each other, added maurya.
in the 2014 polls for the 288-member state assembly, the bjp had secured 122 seats with shiv sena getting 63, congress 42 and ncp 41 respectively.
talking of the uttar pradesh assembly bypolls and its possible outcome, maurya said the country continues to be under the bjp's spell.
the results of the up bypolls will be definitely in favour of the bjp.
the pro-bjp wave is intense in the entire country and the public support to the party is very strong, he said.
the popularity of prime minister modi and chief minister yogi adityanath will definitely help the party clinch victory in the bypolls, he added.
the outcome of the uttar pradesh bypolls is being billed as a yardstick to measure popularity of adityanath as well as newly-appointed party's state unit chief swatantradev singh.
bypolls are to be held for a total of 13 up assembly seats, but the poll schedule as of now has been announced only for hamirpur, which is slated for september 23.
bye-elections have been necessitated in hamirpur due to the disqualification of the sitting bjp mla ashok kumar singh chandel following his conviction in a murder case.
the deputy chief minister exuded the confidence of winning the hamirpur assembly seat as well as others irrespective of the sp and bsp fight the polls in a declared or undeclared poll alliance.
the samajwadi party and the bahujan samaj part can enter into a declared or an undeclared alliance.
but, we have full faith in the party organisation, the people of the state and the leadership of yogi adityanath.
we will emerge victorious in bypolls, he said.
maurya made the claim, reiterating the sarcastic names he had coined for the sp, bsp and the rld -- the 'samaapt party,' 'bilkul samaapt party' and 'roj ludhaktaa dal'.
on sp patriarch mulayam singh yadav defence of his party colleague and rampur mp azam khan, maurya said, mulayam singh ji is a senior leader and i respect him.
but any crime committed, be it by azam khan or an ordinary citizen, has to be dealt as per the law.
whosoever is the guilty, will be punished, he added.
on congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra's hectic political activities in the state, maurya took a subtle dig at her.
priyanka ji was going very strong in the state during the lok sabha polls also.
at that time, they were all set to annihilate the bjp and preparing for the swearing-in ceremony of rahul gandhi.
but, something else was in store for them, he said.
the congress has lost its political ground and much worse will happen to it in the coming polls, predicted maurya.
on nullification of the article 370, he said the entire country is happy over it.
there is a feeling that for the first time any government, which has just completed 100 days has done what could not be done in past 100 years.
this is a very big achievement.
it is a true tribute to syama prasad mookerjee, he added.
maurya also flayed congress for opposing the scrapping of jammu and kasmir's special status.
congress always opposed it.
the congress leaders had hugged the army chief of pakistan.
they had sought proof of the army's surgical strike in pakistan.
and, the scrapping of article 370 on which the entire country is united, the congress says it is wrong, he added.
on the issue of lord ram temple construction in ayodhya, maurya said, the hearing is going on in the supreme court.
every ram bhakt is extremely happy over it.
 the first cause of happiness is nullification of article 370.
not only me, but every ram bhakt is confident that the apex court will soon deliver its verdict in the favour of ram temple, he said and a grand temple of ram lalla will be built (in ayodhya), he added.
abhijit mulye byexpress news servicemumbai: even as two senior bjp ministers have been entrusted with the responsibility to negotiate the seat-sharing arrangement with the shiv sena leaders, a faction within the party has raised demand to contest all the assembly constituencies where the bjp is in controlling position in the local bodies.
maharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar told the reporters on tuesday that he along with state bjp president chandrakant patil have been entrusted by the party to decide upon the finer details of the seat sharing agreement within the framework decided before lok sabha polls.
he also said that the talks would be concluded before the 10-day ganeshotsav ends.
however, according to party sources a strong group within the party has raised the demand that the assembly seats from the places where the bjp controls the local bodies should not be given to the shiv sena.
the bjp controls over 160 out 226 municipal councils and 25 out of 34 zilla parishads.
on this backdrop, it would not be possible to meet the demand of the group within the bjp without contesting separately.
incidentally, in his rally in solapur on sunday, bjp chief amit shah had asked the gathering to give the alliance a thumping victory and a second term as chief minister to devendra fadnavis.
the state leaders have been talking of winning 229 out of 288 seats in alliance with the shiv sena after the rally.
however, sources within the party from delhi, revealed that according to a recent survey commissioned by the party leadership has shown that the bjp would be able to win around 160 seats comfortably even if it contests independently in the forthcoming assembly elections.
on the contrary, even though the party forms alliance with the shiv sena, the alliance wont win more than 230 seats, the survey has said.
the faction within the bjp appears to have swung into action after knowing about the survey results, said the sources.
meanwhile, the core committee of the state bjp would be meeting at chief ministers official residence tonight to decide on the future course of action.
the elections are likely to be announced anytime after the ganeshotsav i.
e.
after september.
by express news servicemumbai: the navi mumbai international airport (nmia) is likely to miss its second deadline as people from four project-affected villages have declined to relocate.
however, affected people from four villages have refused to relocate citing inadequacies in infrastructure at the site chosen for relocation.
the state-owned city and industrial development corporation (cidco), which is the nodal agency for the first green-field international airport project in the country, had given january 15 as the deadline for relocation.
however, villagers from kombadbhuje, targhar, ulwa and ganeshpuri have defied the deadline.
apart from basic amenities, the villagers have demanded demarcation of land plots to be allotted to as part of the compensation package.
the cidco is not ready with it.
a total of 671 hectares of land from 10 villages is being acquired for the airport project.
the affected people were assured plots to build homes, choice of developer, money for construction of houses at the market rate apart from compensation in multiples of market rates for their existing properties.
they were also offered rents for 18 months in advance for relocation.
however, the villagers said that most of the assurances have remained only on paper.
discontinued air routes may resumefive discontinued air routes in maharashtra will be resumed under udan by february 13, officials said.
under the scheme, nine airports  nashik, jalgaon, kolhapur, solapur, nanded, ratnagiri, sindhudurg, amravati, gondiya  were selected.
in all, 28 routes were to be started in the state.
but only six routes are currently operational.
the government is planning to re-start the mumbai-nashik, mumbai-jalgaon, mumbai-kolhapur, mumbai-solapur and nashik-pune routes.
mumbai: the shiv sena appears to have toughened its stand to go solo in the election of mumbai mayor and not to share power in the municipal corporation with the bjp, even as the latter is said to be waiting for the up results before going in for any big decision like the mid-term polls.
we shall have our corporator seated as the mayor of mumbai.
the numbers are with us.
we have not appealed anyone to come along with us, senior shiv sena leader anil desai said while speaking to private television news channel on wednesday.
he also clarified that his party had made an honest attempt to negotiate pre-poll alliance with the bjp for the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) elections.
however, he did not reveal if there are any chances of a patch-up between the shiv sena and the bjp in the bmc.
the date for mumbai mayors election was advanced to march 8.
it is being said that the decision would prevent the congress from openly supporting the shiv sena in bmc as that is the day of voting for the last phase of up polls.
however, desai said that the change of day will not affect shiv senas prospects.
the bjp appears to have decided to wait before deciding on the alliance till the results of the up election are out while trying to pacify the shiv sena on one hand.
meanwhile, chief minister devendrafadnavis got environment ministrys nod for coastal road project in mumbai.
he also secured the permission to have the authorisation on warrier king shivajis forts-- transferred from the archeology department to the state government.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray had raised these demands at prime minister modis public rally in mumbai in december.
and hence, fadnavis efforts are being interpreted as the bjps attempt to cozy up with the shiv sena.
several prominent bjp leaders have been talking in favour of alliance with the shiv sena.
but, a group is strongly in favour of severing ties with the shiv sena permanently.
the group has reportedly decided to wait till the up results are out to push for their demand.
if we do well in uttar pradesh, the party leadership is likely to give nod for mid-term polls.
we have recently zapped rural, semi-urban and urban local body elections in the state.
the mid-term polls would provide us an opportunity to increase our strength in the assembly as well and then we would not be dependent on anyone to run the government, a senior minister told express.
in the recently-held bmc polls, the shiv sena won 84 seats, bjp 82, congress was relegated to the third spot with 31 seats, ncp got nine and raj thackeray's mns won seven seats.
by ptinashik: after a farmer sent his meagre earnings from sale of onions in the wholesale market to the prime minister, another farmer in nashik district of maharashtra has adopted the same mode of protest.
chandrakant bhikan deshmukh, resident of andarsul in yeola tehsil, has sent a money order of rs 216 to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he got this princely amount after selling 545 kg of onions at the agriculture produce market committee (apmc) at yeola in an auction on december 5, deshmukh said friday.
the rate he got was 51 paise per kg, and was paid rs 216 after deducting apmc's charges, he said, showing the sale receipt.
there is a drought-like situation in my area.
how i am supposed to run my house and repay my loans with these paltry earnings?
he said, speaking to reporters.
i did not get good price though my onions were of good quality.
so i sent rs 216 to maharashtra chief minister in protest, he said.
nashik district in north maharashtra accounts for nearly half the onion production in the country.
earlier, another farmer from the district, sanjay sathe from niphad tehsil, had sent his earnings of rs 1,064 for 750 kg of onions to the prime minister's office by way of protest.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis saturday said post redevelopment, dharavi, one of the metropolis' biggest slum clusters, will be its new bkc.
bandra-kurla complex, a business district set up on 370 hectares of low-lying land on either side of the mithi river, vakola nalla and mahim creek, is now among the country's biggest finance and commercial hubs.
after getting stuck for several years, the dharavi makeover project has got momentum as we worked seriously to remove all hindrances.
the railways has given 45 acres of land.
dharavi is going to be new bkc of mumbai, he claimed.
he said several metro rail networks were under construction at a collective cost of over rs 1.
10 lakh crore.
in addition to this, the railways is carrying out several mega projects of rs 54,000 crore.
over 10 lakh affordable homes are to be built in mmr, fadnavis added.
he was speaking after launching the bjp's membership drive in the metropolis.
union minister of minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi and former union minister suresh prabhu also attended the event.
as part of the drive, the bjp wants to add at least 50 members to each of its 95,472 booths in maharashtra.
talking about the works of bharatiya jan sangh founder dr syama prasad mookerjee, naqvi said the bjp had demolished deceit of appeasement politics through commitment to inclusive growth with trust.
the political termite of appeasement had damaged the atmosphere of development in the country.
the bjp has made the country free from this termite and created an atmosphere of inclusive growth with trust, he said.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered a cid probe into the disappearance of iconic tiger 'jai' after he went missing from the umred karhandla wildlife sanctuary located near nagpur.
the seven-year-old tiger has been missing since april 18, 2016.
jai arrived in sanctuary in 2013 by migrating nearly 150 kilometers from the nagzira-navegaon tiger reserve in gondia-bhandara district.
he was popular across the country and was credited for booting tourism and increasing the population of tigers in the region.
jai was named after actor amitabh bachchans famous character in the hit 1975 hindi movie, sholay.
he was radio collared on september 15, 2015.
however the satellite link failed on november 25, 2015 and again in april 2016 because of some technical snags when he was in paoni.
the undisputed king of the umred karhandla forest was last sighted on may 8 when on a cattle kill in brahmapuri.
rescuers, wildlife experts and volunteers are all scouring the forest, trying to locate the 250-kilogram tiger.
the forest department of maharashtra recently detained two suspected poachers from kodurli village near paoni range of umred forest.
the kodurli village is close to the spot where jai was last sighted.
mumbai/bhopal/new delhi:the agrarian protest in maharashtra took an emotional twist on thursday after a farmer in solapur committed suicide, leaving behind a note saying his body should not be cremated till chief minister devendrafadnavis visited his village and agreed to meet the protestors demands.
dhanaji jadhav, 45, hanged himself from a tree near his house at veet village in karmala tehsil on wednesday night, solapur collector rajendra bhosale said.
i am a farmer, dhanaji chandrakant jadhav.
i am committing suicide today.
please take my body to my village and do not cremate me till cm devendrafadnavis comes here, read the suicide note addressed to his friends and relatives.
jadhav is survived by his wife and two children.
he owned 2.
5 acres of cultivable land, but was weighed down by a debt of `60,000.
the police said he had also taken loans from private lenders.
after the incident, farmers organisations in the area held a road blockade, and called for a bandh in karmala tehsil.
meanwhile in madhya pradesh, two days after five protesting farmers were shot dead in mandsaur district, the state administration, for the first time, admitted they were killed in police firing.
the findings in the postmortem report and empty cartridges from the spot have established that it was the bullets fired by police that led to death of the farmers, state home minister bhupendra singh said on thursday.
the state government also admitted this in its report to the union home ministry.
according to the governments version of events, the farmers had set fire to 25 trucks and two police vans on the mhow-neemuch highway.
the police tried to control the mob by resorting to lathicharge and lobbing tear gas.
however, they continued with their violent acts of arson says the report.
following this, the police fired at the protestors, killing five of them and injuring eight others.
meanwhile in mandsaur, anti-riot paramilitary forces moved into violence-hit areas on thursday.
the state administration claimed normalcy had returned in several parts and even relaxed the curfew imposed in pipliyamandi and mandsaur town between 4 pm and 6 pm.
however, violence erupted in shajpur district, with a mob setting fire to two trucks and blocking the agra-mumbai national highway (nh-3).
so far, seven cases have been lodged and 62 people arrested in connection with the violence.
in naya gaon, about 70 km from ground-zero of the protest, congress vice-president rahul gandhi was detained by the police while trying to make his way into mandsaur through the rajasthan border.
he was held inside the guest house of a cement company and released after four hours.
open for dialogue: chouhanmadhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on thursday said the state government was open for a dialogue with farmers to iron out the differences.
only talks can end the differences, he saidrahuls visit a mere photo-opthe nda government at the centre hit out at the congress for seeking to politicise the farmers agitation in mp and claimed party vice-president rahul gandhis bid to visit to mandsaur was just a photo opportunitysuicide over debt of rs 60,000before hanging himself, 45-year-old dhanaji jadhav penned a note requesting his family and friends not to cremate him until maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis arrived and announced a loan waiver for farmers.
survived by his wife and two kids, the farmer owned 2.
mumbai resident doctors protest at the azad maidan demanding security after a intern was assaulted by patient's relatives in mumbai.
(file | pti)mumbai: resident doctors, who had resorted to protests after incidents of patients relatives beating them, declined to back-off even after directives by the bombay high court and assurances by chiefminister devendrafadnavis on thursday.
the medical professionals are now insisting on a written assurance from the government.
the bombay high court in its bid to end the four-day stir by resident doctors directed them to resume work immediately, while fadnavis mooted a panel to resolve security issues in state-runhospitals, as the stir affected health services and put hundreds of patients to hardship.
the court observed that medical attention cannot wait, adding that the profession of doctors is so sacred that they cannot afford to go on strike.
the court also asked the state to not take punitive action against the doctors if they resume work.
fadnavis, meanwhile, made a statement in the assembly on thursday and appealed to the doctors to call off their strike.
union health minister j p nadda also joined fadnavis in appealing to the resident doctors to get back to work and asked states to take measures to improve the security of doctors.
members of the maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) had a meeting with cm fadnavis, which was positive, said medical education minister girish mahajan.
however, the agitation has not been called off.
the doctors, unfazed by the governments warning of suspension and pay cut, abstained from work for the fourth day on thursday.
on wednesday night, a woman doctor of the civic-run sion hospital here was allegedly beaten up by the relatives of a patient, which prompted the protesting medicos to adopt a more strident stand.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors are staying away from work since monday, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on doctors by patients relatives at government hospitals across the state.
a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni that resumed hearing on a petition filed by activist afak mandaviya seeking action against the protesting doctors, said, we understand that the doctors are working in strained and horrible conditions sometimes, but we request them to resume work immediately.
it is very painful to see patients and their relatives waiting outside hospitals.
what if your (doctors) relatives face such a situation, justice chellur said.
after the hcs direction and the cms appeal, the representatives of the protesting doctors went into a huddle to discuss the situation and the steps to be taken thereof.
at the time of going to press, no decision was made and the doctors said they want the assurances in writing.
farmers spilling milk on the road during their state-wide strike over various demands at a village in ahmednagar maharashtra.
(file | pti)mumbai: the maharashtra government today announced a loan waiver for farmers and decided to form a committee to decide the criteria of debt relief, after which cultivators called off their protests.
the government has decided to waive farmers' loans.
the loans of farmers with small land holdings stand waived from today itself, revenue minister chandrakant patil said.
patil, who headed a high-powered committee set up by chief minister devendrafadnavis , was speaking to reporters after holding discussions with farmer leaders here today.
farmer leader and lok sabha member raju shetti, who participated in the talks, said he was happy that their demands had been met.
our issues have been resolved.
we have decided to temporarily call off our agitation, including the dharna protests scheduled for tomorrow and day after.
however, if no satisfactory decision is taken (on the criterion for loan waiver) by july 25, we will restart our stir, shetti said.
another farmer leader, raghunathdada patil, said the minister had assured them that all loans of farmers will be waived.
the atmosphere now is like diwali celebrations.
100 per cent of our demands have been accepted, he said.
the ministers' group has decided to restart fresh loan disbursal to farmers from today, raghunathdada said.
we are calling off the road and rail roko protests scheduled for tomorrow and june 13, independent mla bachu kadu said.
however, if the decision taken today is not implemented before july 24, the farmers will resume their agitation, kadu said.
the revenue minister, asked if his announcement on farmers getting new loans from today meant that the old ones would be restructured, said, it is a simple banking question.
till the old loan is waived, one doesn't get new loan.
the panel also comprises senior minister diwakar raote of the shiv sena, agriculture minister pandurang fundkar, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, cooperatives minister subhash deshmukh and water resources minister girish mahajan.
on june 1, farmers from a village in ahmednagar district went on strike followed by many farmers groups in other parts, who tried to suspend vegetable and milk supply to mumbai.
fadnavis had held a late night meeting and ensured withdrawal of the strike, but it emerged that some of the farmers' leaders who were part of the talks with him in mumbai, were close to bjp and rss.
this outraged the farmers and their agitation intensified in the following days.
last week, a farmer in solapur district, before ending his life due to debt, wrote that unless the chief minister visits his farm, his body should not be cremated.
mumbai: will maharashtra strongman sharad pawar hand over the charge of the nationalist congress party (ncp) to her daughter supriya sule soon?
speculation is rife in political circles in the state over the issue.
of late, ncp mp supriya has put up a very aggressive posture against the bjp in general and maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in particular.
while speaking at a womens meet of her party at jalgaon on saturday, sule warned fadnavis of the womens anger.
but, let me warn him of the womens wrath.
if they go against him, all his powers would just vanish, supriya said.
a couple of days back, she said that fadnavis is not able to handle the cms post.
he is constantly fighting like women who fight at community water taps.
he is always screaming in his speeches.
sometimes, i think he forgets that he is the chief minister of the state and no longer in the opposition, she had said.
whenever i go to meet him next, i will go wearing a helmet as he might throw something at my face, she had said during the party meet at pune.
earlier, at nandurbar, supriya had slammed fadnavis for his language of revenge.
it is unfortunate that the cm speaks the language of revenge.
we will not be scared despite your threats.
i, too, have seen power and it wont scare me, she had said.
supriyas unprecedented attack on fadnavis had taken everyone by surprise as she is normally known as a calm and soft-natured person, who refrains from making any personal attack.
state bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari termed supriyas outburst as part of her efforts to establish her worth in the ncp succession war.
supriya sule should stop using chief minister devendrafadnavis for establishing her leadership in the ncp.
the recent attacks are nothing but a ploy to make herself eligible as a successor (to sharad pawar), he said.
however, ncp insiders have a different take.
the maratha community, the principal vote base of the ncp for a long time, is on a warpath after the gang-rape and murder at kopardi and the significant thing at the rallies is the strong participation of women.
the party leadership might have decided to bring in supriya tai (sister) to lead ncp in the state.
her leadership will certainly bring the womenfolk closer to the party, a senior party member told express.
the maratha community is considered to be quite orthodox when it comes to conduct of women in society.
the women from the community were hardly seen in political rallies.
however, for the first time, women formed a major portion of the recent maratha rallies.
politically, this assumes significance as the elections are due in around 500 local bodies, including zilla parishads, panchayat samitis, municipal councils and municipal corporations.
over 10,000 peoples representatives are expected to be elected in these elections till march 2017 and half of them would be women.
having a woman as the top leader while going in for such crucial elections can benefit a party.
moreover, while several top leaders of the ncp, including ajit pawar, are battling corruption charges, supriya canbe projected as an ideal non-controversial face, party insiders feel.
mns chief raj thackeray with family after casting his vote during bmc election.
| express photo servicemumbai: polling for the cash-rich brihanmumbai municipal corporation and 9 other civic bodies across maharashtra got underway this morning with estranged allies bjp and shiv sena at the forefront of this battle of might.
a total of 3.
77 crore voters will determine the fate of 17,331 candidates for 3210 seats up for grabs in 10 municipal corporations, 11 zilla parishads and 118 panchayat samitis in the second phase of polls being seen as mini general elections.
the stakes are high for chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who have led their respective parties from the front and were involved in a high decibel and no holds barred campaign relegating the opposition congress and ncp to the background.
polling began at 7.
30 am at 43,160 polling stations spread across the state.
the districts going to polls in the second phase are ratnagiri, sindhudurg, satara, sangli, kolhapur, pune, solapur, nashik, amravati and gadchiroli.
elections are being held in 118 panchayat samitis in these districts.
the ten municipal corporations include mumbai, thane, ulhasnagar, nashik, pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur, akola, amravati and nagpur.
as many as 43,160 polling booths have been set up.
there will be 2.
76 lakh election staff and the equal number of police personnel on the duty.
more than 1.
80 crore electorate are eligible to exercise their franchise in the zilla parishads and panchayat samitis while 1.
95 crore urban voters will in the ten municipal corporations.
in mumbai, the country's financial capital, there are 2275 candidates and 92 lakh voters.
the election result for asia's largest civic body which has been run by the shiv sena supported by the bjp for the last two decades will decide the fate of the devendrafadnavis government.
in municipal corporations excluding mumbai, there are multimember wards where a voter will have to cast his vote for each of the categories in the panel.
each panel has more than two wards.
the big poll focus is on 227-member brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), retaining control of which is vital for shiv sena as the city has remained its prime political space ever since the party's formation in 1966.
shiv sena has been in power in bmc for over two decades.
bjp, which had been a junior partner of sena before it gained the upper hand through the 2014 lok sabha and assembly polls, declined to accept the number of seats offered by the sena.
it has set its eyes on gaining power in bmc, one of the world's largest city bodies, boasting of an annual budget of over rs 37,000 crore.
for 1268 seats of the ten municipal corporations, there are 9208 candidates; for 11 zilla parishads there are 2956 candidates for 654 seats, and 5167 candidates for 1288 seats in 118 panchayat samitis.
the first phase for 15 zilla parishad and 165 panchayat samitis polling was held on february 16 where 69 percent voters exercised their franchise.
counting of votes will be taken up on february 23.
in nagpur, rss chief mohan bhagwat was among the early voters who cast his vote around 7.
30 am at bharat mahila vidyalaya near the rss headquarters.
union minister nitin gadkari too exercised his franchise for nagpur municipal corporation (nmc) at town hall, mahal at 9.
30 am.
speaking to the media after casting his vote, gadkari appealed to voters to choose deserving and meritorious candidates keeping aside caste, creed and religious considerations.
the minister hoped that this time the voting percentage will go up to 70.
also, he was confident of bjp winning 100 seats in the 122-member nmc, for which 821 candidates are in the fray.
in mumbai, ncp chief sharad pawar was among those who voted early as polling began at a brisk pace this morning.
pawar voted at a polling booth in ward 214 here which incidentally doesn't have an ncp candidate.
revathi, daughter of pawar's daughter supriya sule, accompanied her grandfather to the voting booth.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, wife rashmi and sons aditya and tejas voted at a booth near their residence in suburban bandra.
other leaders who were among early voters in mumbai were former cm manohar joshi, mns chief raj thackeray, bjp mp poonam mahajan and shaina nc.
several eminent personalities and celebs including former mumbai police commissioner julio ribeiro, joint police commissioner (law and order) deven bharti, election commissioner k s saharia, bmc commissioner ajoy mehta, actress anushka sharma, rekha; filmmakers zoya akhtar and gulzar besides former cricketer sandeep patil also exercised their voting rights.
union minister prakash javadekar cast his vote in pune while veteran congressman sushil kumar shinde gave his ballot at solapur.
around 8.
33 percent voting was recorded in the first two hours of polling across ten municipal corporations in maharashtra.
by ptimumbai: the maharashtra state backward class commission (sbcc) surveyed 43,629 households before submitting its report on the social and economic conditions of the maratha community, which has been demanding reservation.
state social justice minister rajkumar badole has told this to the legislative council in response to a question asked by congress mlc sharad ranpise, leader of opposition dhananjay munde, ncp member hemant takle and others.
in their question, the opposition members claimed that when the pro-quota protests by the maratha community members turned violent, police had fired gunshots and many even ended their own lives over the issue.
they also alleged that when a bandh was called on august 9 this year, police had registered false cases against innocent people.
leaders across the party lines had met the superintendent of police to demand the withdrawal of such cases.
in his response, badole said police had taken action in accordance with the law, at places where protests for maratha reservation turned violent in july-august 2018.
responding to another query, he said about 43,629 households were surveyed by the sbcc, before it submitted its report to the state government.
badole said the government was in the process of providing assistance to the families of the protesters who have died.
he added that as per a government resolution (gr) issued on october 26, 2018, a committee has been formed under the additional director general of police to take further action on withdrawal of cases against the protesters.
an inquiry has been conducted into the complaints made by legislators about false cases being lodged (against the protesters).
it was found that no false case was lodged against any innocent.
all the arrests have been made based on the evidence found against them and no arrest have been made where there was no evidence, badole said.
the politically dominant maratha community constitutes over 30 per cent of the state's population.
the community has been demanding quota for a long time and its agitation for the same in july and august this year had taken a violent turn.
after the commission submitted its report to the government last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had hinted that the demand for quota would be fulfilled.
according to government sources, the commission's report has said that marathas are a socially and educationally backward class of citizens with minuscule representation in government and semi-government services.
mumbai: the maharashtra chief minister today asked bjp mp kirit somaiya to approach authorities concerned with the documents alleging money laundering by sena leaders through shell companies instead of using them for politics.
allegations made by bjp mp kirit somaiya are serious.
he has shown documents pertaining to some companies.
somaiya asked (sena chief) uddhav thackeray if any sena leaders are linked with these companies.
i have asked somaiya to forward these documents to appropriate authorities instead of using them for politics.
i told him that he is an mp and appropriate authority will act on his charges, he said.
if money laundering has taken place, why will the inquiry not take place?
somaiya, lok sabha member from mumbai north east, had last week levelled the allegation against uddhav, in the backdrop of the grim fight between the sena and the bjp in the civic polls across the state, including mumbai corporation.
asked if he meant that inquiry against uddhav will take place on the lines of the ed probe against ncp leader chhagan bhujbal, fadnavis shot back saying have i mentioned his (uddhav's) name?
somaiya has been demanding that uddhav declare his financial assets and has alleged that sena leaders, including uddhav, had links with shell companies indulging in money laundering.
last week, he asked the shiv sena to come clean on whether its leaders laundered money through a web of shell companies.
he listed seven such companies and alsochallenged uddhav to make all his financial transactions public.
hitting back, the sena alleged that somaiya had links with the national stock exchange limited (nsel) scam and he pressurised the prime minister's office to stop an inquiry against him.
somaiya has links with nsel scam and he brought pressure on prime minister's office (pmo), shiv sena mp rahul shewale alleged last week, responding to somaiya's charges against thackeray.
mumbai: the steering committee comprising farmer leaders from across maharashtra announced the end of their agitation, albeit temporary, after they got several assurances, including an immediate and blanket loan waiver, during a three-hour-long meeting with the high-powered group of ministers (gom) at the sahyadri state guesthouse here on sunday.
after discussions with farmer leaders in the steering committee, i spoke to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
im happy to announce that the government has agreed to almost all demands and hence they have decided not to go ahead with their agitation now, head of the gom and revenue minister chandrakant patil said at a packed press conference.
the government has principally agreed to their demand of blanket and immediate loan waiver.
accordingly, small and marginalised farmers would start getting loans from tomorrow and a committee would be appointed to decide the criteria for loan waiver of other farmers.
the committee would also have farmer leaders as members on it, the minister said.
fadnavis had on june 2 announced that the loan waiver for small and marginalised farmers will be implemented on october 31.
however, today the government agreed on an immediate waiver.
this is a victory for the farmers, the leader of the steering committee said.
on the demand of withdrawing cases against the farmers, the minister said the cases except those involving charges of theft and damage would be withdrawn.
when asked about the implementation of recommendations of the swaminathan commission, another major demand of the farmers, chandrakant patil said the issue comes under the purview of the central government and that the cm would lead a delegation of farmers on this issue to meet prime minister narendra modi.
we had very positive talks with the gom and most of our demands have been met.
hence, we have decided not to go ahead with our agitation of road and rail blockade as announced earlier, said farmer leader raghunath patil.
mp and leader of swabhimani shetkari sanghatana raju shetti said the deadline for the decision on complete loan waiver was agreed to be july 25.
however, all farmer leaders too are not in favour of a blanket loan waiver and hence the criteria would be fixed for that.
we shall ensure that taxpayers money wont be used to waive off loans of big farmers, he said.
if the government goes back on its word, the agitation after july 25 would be bigger and more intense, he said adding that the biggest success of the agitation is that it brought together farmers from across the state.
this is a temporary victory.
the real remedy for farmers woes would come only when we devise some sustainable system to ensure that they get more rates for the farm produce than their production cost.
recommendations of the swaminathan committee are important from that angle and we shall strive to end farmers dependence on the government, he added later.
agricultural economist giridhar patil who had boycotted the steering committee meeting on saturday, said there is nothing new in the assurances given by the government on sunday and the agitation needs to go ahead for economic independence of the farmers.
there is nothing new.
all that was said today was almost the same as what the chief minister had said on june 2, giridhar patil pointed out.
mumbai: in what can be termed as strategic retreat, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday made it clear that the bjp would not field its candidate in the election for any of the posts in brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), giving shiv sena a chance to have a complete hold on the civic body.
the move is expected to ensure a smooth sail for the state government during the budget season of the state assembly, which is scheduled to start on march 6.
he also said that a committee of three retired bureaucrats would be formed to invite recommendations to ensure increased transparency in all the local bodies across the state.
bjp won't claim the opposition status either.
we would be open to support to the ruling shiv sena whenever the need arises, he said while replying to a question.
senior sena leader and transport minister diwakar raote expressed pleasure over the decision.
it is good that the bjp has decided to obey the people's verdict in mumbai, he said.
the shiv sena had won 84 and bjp 82 corporators in recent bmc election.
the ncp condemned the decision.
bjp has fooled the voters of mumbai.
both the bjp and the shiv sena do not have a clear mandate.
we would have appreciated if the bjp had sat in the opposition, city ncp president sachin ahir said.
state congress president ashok chavan interpreted the decision as cm's attempt to save his own seat rather than an attempt to build transparency.
fadnavis has let down the people of mumbai.
he has literally given the keys of treasure of mumbai to those whom he had accused of looting it, he said.
with the decision, the shiv sena would be under moral obligation to continue supporting the state government even while its actions in the corporation would constantly be under scanner.
the decision has also put a full stop on speculations of mid-term polls in the state.
the decision has caressed shiv sena's ego by giving them a free hand in bmc.
this might also have another component wherein shiv sena might be compelled to support the bjp in other local bodies across the state.
however, nothing was said on the same by any of the sides on saturday.
the decision has completely transformed the political scenario in the state.
the opposition, which is demoralised in the wake of one of the worst defeats in the local body elections in rural maharashtra and had hardly any concrete material against the ruling side, was solely banking on possibilities of the shiv sena pulling out of the government during the budget session.
now that the possibility has withered away, they might choose to humiliate the shiv sena, which might be desirous to the bjp.
by ptimumbai: a veterinary services association has questioned the absence of a veterinary doctor during an operation in which man-eater tigress avni was killed in maharashtra's yavatmal district.
the pashu chikitsak mahasangh, in a letter to the state's chief wildlife warden, alleged that the order to tranquilise and capture the tigress was a serious breach of section 30(b) of the indian veterinary council act 1984 as the task was entrusted to a private hunter, who is not a registered veterinarian.
it said section 30(b) of the act indicates that only veterinary practitioners registered either with the veterinary council of india or the maharashtra state veterinary council are allowed to practice veterinary medicine.
the pashu chikitsak mahasangh is a haryana-based apex organisation of state veterinary associations.
the tigress, officially known as t1, was believed to be responsible for the death of 13 people in the last two years.
read| sack your forest minister: maneka gandhi to maharashtra cm over tigress avni killingshe was killed on november 2 by asgar ali, son of famous sharp-shooter nawab shafat ali, at compartment no 149 of borati forest in yavatmal as part of an operation.
the big cat is survived by two cubs, which are 10 months' old.
even though the order mentions that there are two veterinarians in his team, reports from the field indicate that neither of them was present during this operation, and allowing ali to operate in this manner is a wilful breach of the law, the veterinary association alleged in the letter written on tuesday.
the incident is claimed to have taken place from a distance of 8-10 metres from the tigress.
no veterinarian was present on the spot and it seems very unlikely that the shooter may have had time to wait for the drug to work, it said.
the whole exercise, as reported, seems to be extremely unscientific and illegally conducted, the body alleged.
chirantan kadian, president of the mahasangh, told pti that the dose (tranquiliser) calculation and drug administration is the sole authority of a registered qualified veterinary doctor, while a hunter is simply a quack.
if a veterinary doctor needs shooting expertise of a hunter he may get the job done under his supervision.
not only tranquilising, but a veterinary doctor also has to revive the animal through a drug antidote, he said.
no private hunter is in any way qualified and trained to manage the overdose consequences of drug, manage shock, dehydration, overexertion of the animals, that is frequent in such cases, kadian said.
he further said the order to shoot the tigress should not be taken as a precedent and that in future, only services of registered veterinarians be used.
the killing of the tigress had sparked a war of words between union women and child development minister maneka gandhi and maharashtra forest minister sudhir mungantiwar, with the former publicly criticising the latter over the operation and seeking his ouster from the state cabinet.
as the row escalated, mungantiwar tuesday asked gandhi to take moral responsibility of deaths of children due to malnutrition during her tenure and resign.
mahad the remaining portion of mahad-poladpur bridge which was washed away in flood water of savitri river on the mumbai-goa highway in raigad district on wednesday | ptimumbai: two more bodies were today found in the search and rescue operations which continued for fourth day following the collapse of a bridge on mumbai-goa highway near mahad in raigad district, taking the death toll to 26.
during the course of rescue operations, officials have managed to recover two more bodies taking the death toll to 26.
all the deceased have been identified, state disaster management cell director suhas diwase told pti.
while initially 42 people were feared missing, the authorities have no information and clarity yet on a honda city car reportedly carrying four persons which is suspected to have also fallen in the river.
only once we know for sure that a honda city car with four people went missing, we will be able to say 42 people are missing.
for now, the number of missing people stands at 38, he said.
the national disaster response force (ndrf) and coast guard officials have so far been able to locate only a signboard of one of the missing state transport buses bearing the word 'reserved' on it.
various techniques, including electronic sensors, fish finders (sonar devices), and massive magnets are being used to trace the metal bodies in the water.
the swollen savitri river washed away a 100-year-old bridge at mahad, about 170 km south of mumbai, on tuesday night, taking with it two buses and at least one suv.
the river, which turned into a torrent due to heavy downpour in its catchment area in mahabaleshwar, weakened the foundations of the bridge, which ultimately gave way on tuesday night.
stepping up rescue efforts, divers have been deployed in areas where currents are not strong.
an ndrf commandant said his team has extended the area of search operations up to 40 km from the accident spot, with fishing nets installed across the bridges over the river.
the raigad, ratnagiri and state highway police too have joined the operation to find the missing people belonging to various parts of maharashtra.
the government has already announced that the kin of the deceased staff members of the two state-run buses would either be given job or compensation of rs 10 lakh each.
raigadh: the indian navy ended its security operations on the sightings of suspected elements on friday, but the maharashtra police and other agencies continue their vigil in the region.
mystery continues over the sightings on thursday of around five-six suspected terrorists, who were described by local school students as masked, wearing pathani suits and carrying weapons, sending the entire security apparatus in a tizzy.
sanitisation of the naval areas has been undertaken.
indian navy is maintaining close liaison with local police, other agencies for further updates, developments, a defence spokesperson said here this evening.
about the state of alertness, he said the indian navy maintains a high state of alert/tight vigil at all times in consonance with the prevailing circumstances.
since thursday, multiple security agencies continued their hawk-eyed vigil on friday to apprehend the unknown persons sighted in uran town, and police later released sketches of two suspects.
official sources in the state government said that the combing operations by the local authorities are in the final stages and nothing worthwhile has been found so far.
however, the police will continue to remain in a state of alertness in uran town, which has a population of around 31,000, and the uran sub-district has around 140,000 people spread in 53 villages and four small towns, on the mainland around 50 km from mumbai.
security at all critical installations and sensitive locations in mumbai and adjoining raigad, navi mumbai, has been beefed up with police road blocks and vehicle searches, fishermen were on the lookout in arabian sea and aerial-surface combing operations were taken up in different parts.
at least two to four schoolchildren had reported spotting some unidentified persons - ranging from one to five - wearing masks, pathani suits and carrying weapons around 7 a.
m.
on thursday.
they informed their teacher, who in turn alerted the police and the entire security apparatus swung into action within hours.
schools, colleges, shops and establishments in uran and surroundings remained shut for two days as security officials searched the area.
returning from a trip to the us late on thursday night, chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to the people not to panic as adequate security arrangements were in place in uran.
navi mumbai police commissioner hemant nagrale said that police and other security agencies have launched operations to trace the suspects.
till now, the version of two witnesses (students) could not be confirmed, efforts are on, nagrale said.
meanwhile, huge deployment of police was witnessed in parts of south mumbai, road blocks and checking of select vehicles continued overnight in an efforts to detect the missing suspects.
security has been intensified at raj bhavan, chhatrapati shivaji international airport, the barc, dae, mantralaya and surrounding vvip areas, key railway terminus and stations, prominent beaches like girgaum chowpatty and juhu, various oil and fertilizer companies' installations on the eastern coast of mumbai, the naval harbour, jnpt and mbpt, etc.
the two-day operations were described by security personnel as the highest ever state of alert after the november 26, 2008, mumbai terror strikes.
mumbai: shiv sena president uddhav thackeray today raked up the 2001 bribery episode involving then bjp president late bangaru laxman to attack the estranged ally which has made transparency as its main plank for the bmc polls.
addressing a poll rally in suburban bhandup, uddhav said, the party whose chief was caught while accepting bribe should not demand transparency in governance from the sena.
(bangaru) laxman's acceptance of bribery is not just one case of non-transparent governance.
there is a proposal to deploy power-generation machinery at the madhya-vaitarna dam.
laxman was caught on camera taking a bribe of rs 1 lakh to push a fictitious defence deal.
he was convicted by a cbi court in april 2012 and sentenced to four years' imprisonment.
he died in hyderabad in march 2014.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured of clearing the proposal, but till today, there has been no development on the same.
similarly, the centre has not yet given its green signal for the coastal road.
still, the same bjp taunts shiv sena for non-transparency in bmc, said uddhav.
the 227-seat bmc will go to polls on february 21.
the sena chief also mocked prime minister narendra modi over his style of delivering speeches and asked people that if they happen to hear words like mitron, and bhayion aur beheno, then they should not believe in it.
he (modi) made tall claims during the 2014 lok sabha election, but he could deliver nothing, claimed uddhav.
this is sheer pick-pocketing.
we saw no rich person in the (bank) queue; whereas the poor were forced to stand in a queue and they had to deposit their own money into banks, he added.
the transparency has to be there from top to bottom.
where is the transparency in state cabinet meetings?
questioned thackeray, whose party shares power with bjp in maharashtra.
there should be transparency in the way state cabinet meeting is held.
the minister of states should be allowed to sit along with the leader of opposition and journalists in the cabinet meetings.
then there will no scams like 'chikki, and fake degree controversies, he added.
by express news servicemumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on sunday likened the sufi and varkari traditions for spreading the message of love, brotherhood and good thoughts as he addressed a sufi makhmali peer sammelan organised by peer makhmali trust at the fine arts centre at chembur.
fadnavis, who participated in a prayer held for peace and harmony in the country and prosperity of all, appealed everyone to contribute towards nation building and said that the society and the nation can't progress without following the motto 'sabka saath sabka vikas'.
chairperson of state minorities commission haji arafat shaikh, who recently left the shiv sena to join bjp, organised the event.
a book on hazrat sufi makhmal peer was released on the occasion.
although it was a religious gathering, the event is being seen as part of the bjp's outreach towards the minority community before the next lok sabha elections.
by ptimumbai: a farmer from maharashtra's ahmednagar district has sent a money order of rs 6 to chief minister devendrafadnavis to mark his protest against crashing prices of onions and paltry returns.
the farmer shreyas abhale told pti sunday that after selling 2657 kg onions at the rate of rs 1 per kg at the sangamner wholesale market in the district and adjusting market expenses, he was left with only rs 6.
also read: nashik farmer gets 51 paise per kg for his onions, sends money order to maharashtra cmi earned rs 2,916 when i brought 2,657 kg of onion to sangamner wholesale market.
after making payment of labour charges and transportation charges at rs 2,910, i was left with just rs six, abhale said.
abhale said he felt disappointed and decided to send the amount (rs 6) to the chief minister to draw his attention to his situation.
i have spent almost rs two lakh for the onion crop and have earned just rs six.
i do not know how i am going to clear other dues, he said underlining the price crisis.
also read: maharashtra farmer gets rs 1,064 for 750 kg of onion; sends money to pm modi in mark of protestabhale said he had sent the money order to the chief minister on december 7, the day he sold his produce.
bumper production of onions has affected the onion growers in nashik and ahmednagar districts adversely.
an onion-grower from niphad taluka in nashik district recently sent his earnings to prime minister narendra modi to mark his protest after he was forced to sell his produce for little over rs 1 per kg.
the farmer, sanjay sathe, had donated rs 1,064 he had received after selling 750 kg of onions to the disaster relief fund of the pmo (prime minister's office) through a money order.
two onion farmers from nashik district have allegedly committed suicide in the last two days, apparently due to indebtedness and low rates commanded by the bulb in markets.
meanwhile, a farmer from nevasa taluka in ahmednagar district has distributed 20 quintals of onions for free and put up a flex board in marathi sarcastically thanking the union and state governments for keeping onion prices very low.
the farmer popatraon wakchowre, who hails from punatgaon village, brought the onion to a weekly market sunday along with the flex board.
i am deeply hurt because of this government's policies and a little concern it has towards our plight.
in the last four years, we hardly got better rates for our produce, wakchowre said.
i put up the flex board and sarcastically thanked prime minister narendra modi and chief minister devendrafadnavis for keeping the prices so low, he said.
wakchowre, while distributing onions, also placed a donation box requesting people to help him to clear his dues.
i am stooped to the level of a beggar because of this government.
i own some agriculture land but i have to seek donation to clear my dues.
i cannot repay just by selling my produce, the farmer said.
mumbai: shiv sena today asked prime minister narendra modi to take a cue from us president-elect donald trump's decision to protect jobs for sons of the soil and act against pakistani artistes snatching jobs from indians in the country.
pakistani artistes, technicians and tv people come to india to earn money, while touting words like friendship and ties.
they snatch away the livelihood of locals here.
can india implement a policy like trump and say that these pakistanis won't get a job here and also declare that those who give work to pakistanis are the enemies of india, an editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana said.
president-elect trump had recently said that he would not allow americans to be replaced by foreign workers, in an apparent reference to cases like that of disney world and other american companies wherein people hired on h-1b visas, including indians, displaced us workers.
what someone like trump.
.
.
can do, our pm, who is known as courageous and knowledgeable, can certainly do, the sena said.
the sena claimed that trump seems to have been inspired by balasaheb thackeray on his slogan of 'jobs in the us for sons of soil only'.
india is going to bear the maximum impact of trump's stance and it should be seen how modi government deals with it by talking to trump, the editorial said.
incidentally, bollywood superstar shahrukh khan called upon mns chief raj thackeray yesterday ahead of his upcoming film raees, which features pakistani actress mahira khan.
the issue of pakistani artists created a storm this year after the mns objected to casting of actors from the neighbouring country in bollywood movies citing their involvement in terrorist attacks in india.
in october, the mns had staged high-voltage protests against the release of filmmaker karan johar's ae dil hai mushkil for featuring pakistani actor fawad khan.
but they later withdrew it after assurances from the film fraternity following 'mediation' by chief minister devendrafadnavis to calm tempers.
world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , sitting right, speaks with passengers as she begins to take a trip in a suburban train in mumbai.
| apmumbai: world bank chief executive officer (ceo) devendrafadnavis , who is presently in mumbai, today travelled in local train from churchgate to dadar.
during her first official visit to india, georgevia will see the operations of the bank-supported suburban rail system in mumbai starting today.
she will hold discussions with finance minister arun jaitley, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , rbi governor urjit patel besides other key policy-makers.
india is our biggest middle-income client.
its economic growth influences global growth.
its achievements in health and education contribute to the world achieving the sustainable development goals.
i am keen to learn more as india is a laboratory for the world to learn about what works in development and to find new ways to collaborate.
georgieva said.
world bank chief executive officer devendrafadnavis , center, holds a train ticket as she begins to take a trip in a suburban train in mumbai.
| apwhile in mumbai, she will have the opportunity to see how the operations of the world bank-supported suburban rail system - which carries about eight million commuters each day - is serving a fast growing and urbanizing india.
georgevia will also visit a school serving low-income households and children with special needs, which is a part of centre's sarva shiksha abhiyan programme supported by the bank to see how the mumbai administrators are striving to ensure that basic services are delivered to all residents of the city.
mumbai: shiv sena is likely to go it alone in the upcoming city civic body polls, party sources saidtoday, even as it formally begins talks on alliance with bjp tomorrow.
leaders in both sena and bjp feel that the parties will fare better if they contest on their own, and, if needed, they could go for a post-poll tie-up for the asia's biggest civic body -- the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
sources in bjp also said that their party should be ready to go alone instead of yielding to the demands of sena, which shares power with it at the centre and in maharashtra though the ties have been frosty since the 2014 assembly polls.
the polls to 10 municipal corporations, including the cash-rich mumbai civic body, will be held on february 21.
an internal survey by our party shows that we will win around 85-90 seats in case we were to contest allying with the bjp.
but that number will shoot up to 110-115 seats if we go solo.
in such a scenario, it would not be advisable for us to take the bjp onboard for the polls, a source close to sena chief uddhav thackeray said.
the survey also revealed that bjp will win around 35-40 seats if it contests in alliance with sena but thenumber will go up to 60-65, if it goes solo, he said.
it is in our best of interest to contest the polls separately.
thus, it is most likely that we will both contest as separate entities.
yet, bjp remains a natural ally of sena.
even if we contest separately, we can always engage in a post-poll alliance, the source said.
he said sena and bjp will formally begin seat-sharing talks from tomorrow and three leaders from each party have been entrusted the task of carrying out the negotiations.
sena leaders anil desai, anil parab, subhash desai will carry out the talks with bjp leaders ashish shelar, vinod tawde and prakash mehta, he said.
at the outset, the bjp has demanded 115 seats, while sena is not ready to give it more than 75 seats.
the alliance is impossible if bjp remains adamant on its demand, he said.
another source in the sena said the party chief, in a recent meeting with sena ministers, has given them full autonomy to suggest names of probable candidates.
however, there is a caveat here.
uddhavji has even said that if the candidate fails to win the seat suggested by the minister, he would have to resign from the government.
this has become a do or die battle for us, he said.
the election is crucial for sena as bmc has remained its stronghold even when the congress-ncp ruled the state for 15 years and could help the party redeem its position after it slipped to the status of a junior partner of bjp following the assembly polls.
meanwhile, a source in the bjp claimed their internal survey has predicted that the party would get anywhere between 90 to 103 seats if it contests on its own.
the diatribe launched by sena against bjp and its leadership in 'saamana' (sena's mouthpiece) is an indication that they are apprehensive about the bmc slipping from its political grip, he said.
earlier, chief minister devendrafadnavis had argued in favour of a pre-poll alliance with the sena, and had said that if there will a tie-up, it would based on transparent administration in the bmc.
mumbai: bjp, which is trying to ensure its nominee becomes the next mayor of mumbai, today claimed support of akhil bharatiya sena (abs) corporator geeta gawli.
she has decided to support bjp, a senior bjp leader told pti today.
with her support, our strength has gone up to 86, as three other corporators have already backed us, the leader claimed.
gawli, the lone winning candidate of the abs in the recent elections to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), was being wooed by both the shiv sena and the bjp as the two parties vie to take control of the civic body.
gawli (34), the eldest daughter of convicted gangster arun gawli, had met sena leaders eknath shinde and anil desai to work out the modalities of her support to the shiv sena, and later maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis before making up her mind.
the abs had helped the shiv sena-bjp combine in 2012 to prove their majority in the house.
the sena-bjp combine at that time had a strength of 106 and were short of eight votes to ensure the selection of their mayor.
on tuesday, the sena appointed yashwant jadhav, a senior corporator, as its group leader.
jadhav, with 88 corporators including four independent corporators, registered themselves with the konkan divisional commissioner as a group.
bjp has named manoj kotak as the party's group leader in bmc.
bjp and shiv sena, despite being partners in the state and central governments, had fought the recently-held civic polls separately.
the elections to the 227-member bmc threw up a hung verdict, with the sena winning 84 seats and the bjp 82.
congress finished on the third spot with 31 seats, ncp got nine corporators while raj thackeray's mns bagged seven seats.
shiv sena has claimed support of some independent candidates.
the next mayor of mumbai will be elected during the first meeting of the new house on march 8 and saturday is the last day for filing nominations for the post.
mumbai: sandesh pande is distressed as he could not fulfil his brother's last wish to donate his eyes and blames the resident doctors' strike in maharashtra for that.
had the resident doctors not been on strike, eyes of my brother rajendra, who died on march 20, could have been donated and someone would have been able to see the world, pande, a resident of aurangabad, said.
rajendra, who died on march 20 following a heart attack, had pledged to donate his eyes.
i have so far taken the initiative in making around 50 people undertake eye donations.
however, i am sad that i could not do so in the case of my brother, due to the resident doctors' strike, sandesh said.
after my brother died, we were after the doctors at the government medical college and hospital at aurangabad to get the eye donation procedure completed.
a doctor expressed his willingness to do so and had even prepared the (medical) kit needed for the procedure, pande said.
however, other (resident) doctors reached there, saying they are on strike and took him away, he said.
asked about the complaint, acting dean of the hospital, dr ajit damle, said no such information had reached him so far.
by express news servicetiruchy: former union minister and bjp leader pon radhakrishnan on thursday said the 37 newly elected mps should fulfil their poll promise of farm and education loan waiver even by selling their own assets.
addressing reporters at tiruchy airport,radhakrishnan said, if they do not fulfil their poll promises, it means they are continuing politics in the same manner they won during the 1967 election.
back then, they promised three measures of rice and in the end said, punish us if we do not offer at least one measure.
at the time, people failed to punish them, but if they repeat the mistake now, i believe they will punish them for sure.
commenting about the water problem persisting in the state, the bjp leader said, i am not saying a water problem does not exist, it surely needs to be addressed.
but it is not a problem of one party, it is an issue of parties which ruled for over 50 years and everyone is answerable in this.
on karnataka failing to release cauvery water for eight consecutive years, radhakrishnan said, the central government will do what it has to do on the matter.
but what is the responsibility of the 37 newly elected mps?
they should make sure they go to karnataka and convince their alliance party to send water to our state.
the bjp leader was in the city along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to attend the wedding of vaishali, daughter of capt r tamil selvan, sion koliwada mla in mumbai.
by ptimumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis will undertake a `rath yatra' (a tour in a special vehicle) across maharashtra to campaign for assembly polls, the bjp said saturday.
the state polls are due in october.
the decision was taken at the meeting of the state bjp executive here.
revenue minister and senior party leader chandrakant patil said fadnavis' campaign tour will start in august and the date will be announced later.
during the rath yatra, our slogans will be 'fir ek baar shivshahi sarkaar' (once again saffron alliance government) and 'abki baar 220 ke paar' (this time 220-plus), patil said.
also read | others shouldn't worry about who will be next maharashtra cm, says uddhav thackerayanother party leader said fadnavis will try to cover all 288 assembly constituencies during the tour, highlighting the achievements of his government.
we are here for politics of performance!
decisiveness is our strength, we are not for populist measures, but working hard on actual delivery system.
and only by this we are able to gain confidence of people, he tweeted later.
we need to move forward with this direction & with more sustained efforts, he added.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said farm loan waiver in the year 2008 barely helped 30-40 per cent farmers.
he reiterated that writing off farm loans is not the ultimate solution to end farmers' woes.
it was in 2008 that the then upa government had waived loans of farmers.
loan waiver is not the ultimate solution but one of the many.
the most distressed farmers received no benefit, he added.
fadnavis, who has followed prime minister narendra modi's footsteps who addresses the nation every month through his radio programme 'mann ki baat', will be interacting directly with people every sunday.
people send questions to the chief minister through social media, emails and a select few are present in person during the programme.
he said there is a need to invest more and make agriculture more feasible and sustainable.
the state government is setting up food-processing units, he said.
by ptimumbai: ahead of the maharashtra assembly polls, ncp mp supriya sule will launch her 'sanvad' (dialogue) campaign on friday to reach out to various sections of the society on issues concerning them, the party said in a statement.
sule's campaign comes even as ncp is presently carrying out its 'shivswarajya yatra', a pre-poll outreach campaign akin to 'maha janadesh yatra' of chief minister devendrafadnavis and 'jan ashirwad yatra' of shiv sena leader aaditya thackeray.
in the first phase of her campaign, sule will cover ahmednagar, solapur, jalgaon, nashik, nagpur and thane districts till august 31, the statement said.
the tour has been organised to interact with various sections of the society on issues such as flood situation, drought, unemployment, women safety, dismal administration and government apathy towards commoners and others, it added.
mumbai: maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday announced the formation of a high-powered group of ministers (gom) to hold talks with the agitating farmers, just a day after they threatened to intensify their agitation.
we are of the view that any issue can be resolved through dialogue and we have time and again reiterated our stand that we are open for dialogue.
the high-powered group of ministers under the leadership of the minister for cooperatives chandrakant patil will submit its recommendations to the chief minister, after discussing the issues with the farmers and agriculture experts from across the state, a government communique said.
agriculture minister pandurang fundkar, maharashtra minister for marketing and textiles subhash deshmukh, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar, minister for water resources girish mahajan and transport minister (shiv sena) diwakar raote are part of the gom.
water resources minister girish mahajan said that the farmers organisations had responded positively to the appeal for a dialogue.
the farmers leaders too have welcomed the step.
the government should not delay the process now and refrain from time killing tactics.
the issue should be resolved as soon as possible, said farmers leader raghunath patil.
swabhimanu shetkari sanghatana leader and mp raju shetti demanded that the government should ensure justice for all.
the core committee of farmers agitation would take the final call, he added.
mumbai: the shiv sena nominee is all set to become the mayor of mumbai as the bjp on saturday announced it would not enter the race, putting to rest speculations of a fierce contest between them for the post after a fractured verdict in the bmc polls.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday made it clear that the bjp would not field its candidate in the election for any of the posts in the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), giving shiv sena a chance to have a complete hold on the civic body.
the shiv sena has welcomed the bjps decision and thanked fadnavis for respecting the sentiments of the people.
according to senior sena leader anil parab, vishvanath mahadeshwar will be shiv senas candidate for the mayors post and hareshwar worlikar is deputy mayor nominee.
he stated that a committee of three retired bureaucrats would be formed to invite recommendations to ensure increased transparency in all the local bodies across the state.
the shiv sena had won 84 seats while the bjp won 82 in the recent bmc elections.
the ncp has condemned the decision.
bjp has fooled the voters of mumbai.
both the bjp and the shiv sena do not have a clear mandate.
we would have appreciated if the bjp sat in the opposition, city ncp president sachin ahir said.
state congress president ashok chavan interpreted the decision as the cms attempt to save his own seat rather than an attempt to build transparency.
fadnavis has let down the people of mumbai.
he has literally given the keys of treasure of mumbai to those whom he had accused of looting it, he said.
with the decision, the shiv sena would be under a moral obligation to continue supporting the state government even while its actions in the corporation would constantly be under scanner.
the decision has also put a full stop on speculations of a mid-term poll.
it has caressed shiv senas ego by giving them a free hand in the bmc.
this might also have another angle to it wherein the shiv sena might be compelled to support the bjp in other local bodies across the state.
the opposition, which is demoralised in the wake of one of the worst defeats in the local body elections in rural maharashtra was solely banking on the possibilities of the sena pulling out of the government during the budget session.
the next mayor will be elected during the first meeting of the new house on march 8.
saturday was the last day for filing nominations for the post.
by express news servicemumbai: the maharashtra government on wednesday announced drought in 151 talukas of 26 districts.
the drought is severe in 112 talukas and medium in 39 talukas, said an official from the relief and rehabilitation department.
deficit in average rainfall between june and september, depletion of groundwater table, remote sensing data, vegetative index, soil moisture, area under sowing and the state of the crops are the criteria taken into account while announcing the drought, said the government resolution today.
the drought has been announced for six months starting wednesday (october 21, 2018).
accordingly, district collectors have been directed to immediately implement the relief measures in the concerned talukas, the officer said.
in all the talukas where drought has been declared, implementation of schemes like relief from land revenue, reorganization of cooperatives loan, stay on crop loan recovery, 33.
the opposition had been demanding an immediate declaration of drought instead of the drought-like situation.
the concern is being expressed about the fodder camps for cattle and non-availability of drinking water as almost half of the state is under the dark clouds of drought.
most of the districts from marathwada, vidarbha and north maharashtra are facing severe drought.
mumbai: a day after declaring that the maharashtra government had been put on a notice period, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today said it is time to think of a grand alliance of regional parties as a formidable combination to take on national parties.
there have been many friends of bjp like nitish kumar, mamata banerjee and (late) jayalalithaa, who had in the past opted out of the nda, fought elections on their own and won.
but we (shiv sena) were innocent.
hoping for good days and for the sake of the hindutva we stayed put (in the alliance), he told reporters here.
thackeray escalated his aggressive stand saying he is open to withdrawing support to the state ministry, if the senior partner (bjp) failed to clear its stand on issues his party had raised time and again.
we are not an enemy of bjp and it is unfortunate that we are seen as their opposition.
we are open to withdrawing support to the government if they do not make clear their stand on various issues in the coming days, he said.
thackeray, whose party has begun to foray outside its home turf maharashtra, said, not fighting the polls earlier was our mistake, as a result of which our workers in other states joined other parties.
he also said there is a vacuum of hindutva from jammu and kashmir to kanyakumari.
i am thinking of forging a maha sangh (grand alliance) by bringing together regional parties because all national parties are only concerned about themselves.
they ask for votes but shirk responsibility of development and welfare of local people, he said.
justifying his idea of a regional front, thackeray claimed people have rejected prime minister narendra modi in states like delhi, bihar, west bengal, tamil nadu and kerala after he swept the lok sabha polls in 2014.
modi had made many promises like uniform civil code, building ram temple and teaching pakistan a lesson.
but what has he done in the last two and a half years?
did surgical strikes stop infiltration at the borders and killing of our jawans.
shiv sena's ties with bjp have worsened against the backdrop of the upcoming civic body elections in maharashtra, especially in its political heartland mumbai, where the two parties are engaged in a fierce battle.
they (bjp) say that they wanted transparency in civic administration.
but is asking for 114 seats a measure to gauge transparency?
they actually do not need friends anymore.
yet, there is a feeling of love, culture and ideology left in us, he said.
why did chief minister (devendra fadnavis) send his people for alliance talks with us if they thought bmc was not transparent?
why did they suddenly talk of transparency afterwe decided to go it alone?
thackeray asked.
earlier this month, the centre scrapped the provision of article 370 of the constitution that accorded special status to jammu and kashmir and bifurcated the state into two union territories - j&k and ladakh.
the two new union territories will come into existence on october 31.
seeking to attract businesses to jammu and kashmir in the post article 370-era, the border state's administration has already announced a three-day global investors summit to be held in srinagar from october 12.
the meet will provide j-k an opportunity to showcase its strengths, strategies and potential, the state's principal secretary (industries), naveen choudhary, had said last week.
the confederation of indian industries (cii) will be the national partner for the investors meet.
among the reasons cited by the union government for nullifying the controversial article was that it had restricted j&k's industrial growth and development.
by anikolhapur: the special investigation team (sit) on friday took three accused into its custody for their alleged involvement in rationalist govind pansare murder case.
all three accused will be produced before the kolhapur court later in the day.
in march, the bombay high court rapped maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for slow investigation in pansare's murder case.
also read: govind pansare murder case - irked over probe, hc says fadnavis government a 'laughing stock'pansare, a communist party of india leader, who was known for his rationalist views, was shot dead in kolhapur on february 20, 2015.
his wife, too, was injured in the attack.
it is worth noticing that some of the men are also been accused in narendra dabholkar, nalasopara and gauri lankesh murder case and were already in custody of the sit for same.
by ptimumbai: the all india majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (aimim) is likely to move the high court demanding quota for muslims.
the decision comes in the wake of the state assembly passing the maratha quota bill.
the muslim community complies with most of the conditions mentioned by the maharashtra state backward class commission (msbcc) while recommending quota for the maratha community.
hence, we have decided to move court in the quest of justice, aimim mla imtiyaz jaleel said on friday.
the erstwhile congress-ncp government in the state had granted 5 per cent quota for muslims in education, in addition to 16 per cent reservation for marathas.
however, after the ordinance lapsed due to court cases, the bjp government didnt revive the muslim quota and brought in a legislation only for the maratha community.
three government-appointed commissions  sachhar commission, ranganath mishra commission and mehmood rehman commission  had recommended quota for muslims, jaleel said, stressing his point.
earlier in the day, when the issue was raised in the assembly, chief minister devendrafadnavis made it clear that the constitution doesnt provide for religion-based quota.
if members of a backward caste, who embraced islam but didnt leave the caste, puts forward a quota demand, we could ask the backward class commission to conduct a study.
the government would then act on the recommendations of the commission, he said.
during the house proceedings, a demand was also raised for quota for the dhangar community.
we shall place the action taken report (atr) on dhangar quota in the next session of the assembly, he told the house.
leader of opposition in the assembly, radhakrishna vikhe-patil, demanded on friday that the government revive five per cent quota for muslims.
even the high court had upheld it (quota) in view of the communitys backwardness, the congress leader said, adding that the government should extend the current session or call a special session next month for a discussion on the issue.
battle for reservation the muslim community complies with most of the conditions mentioned by the maharashtra state backward class commission (msbcc) while recommending quota for the maratha community, aimim mla imtiyaz jaleel said the erstwhile congress-ncp government in the state had granted 5 per cent quota for muslims in education, in addition to 16 per cent reservation for marathas during assembly proceedings on friday, a demand was also raised for quota for the dhangar community.
by animumbai: in the wake of air strikes carried out by the indian air force (iaf) on terror camps in pakistan's balakot, the maharashtra government has called for office bearers of the school & co. bus owners association to ensure the safety of school children keeping the prevailing situation in mind.
after intelligence informed mumbai police to be on high alert, the vigilance and cctv surveillance has been increased in places like the airport, railway stations, and other key locations.
this comes hours after india carried out air strikes at a jaish-e-mohammed camp in balakot in pakistans khyber pakhtunkhwa province, eliminating a large number of terrorists, including top commanders, according to foreign secretary vijay gokhale.
the terror camp, located in a thick forest area atop a hill, was led by ustad gauri, brother-in-law of jem chief masood azhar, gokhale said, making a statement before the media, hours after the air strikes using mirage 2000 were carried out.
in retaliation, pakistan violated ceasefire in a number of places along the loc.
heavy shelling was also reported in the region.
by animumbai: karnataka government has released 2,20,000 cusecs of water from almatti dam on sunday after chief minister devendrafadnavis requested for the same.
this step will decrease the chances of flood in the kolhapur district of the state.
now, discharge from almatti increased from 1,70,000 cusecs to 2,20,000 cusecs.
as of now, the situation is normal and under control.
the maharashtra government is constantly monitoring the situation and getting in touch with various authorities, he added.
on august 8, karnataka had released 5 lakh cusecs water from almatti dam to decrease the water level in sangli district of maharashtra.
