killers of dabholkar, pansare still at largemumbai, aug 21, 2015, dhns 1:50 isttwo years after rationalist and anti-superstition activist narendra dabholkar was shot dead and six months after veteran cpi leader govind pansare was murdered, both the cases remain unsolved and the law-enforcement machinery seems to be clueless.
dabholkar, the founder of maharashtra andhashraddha nirmoolan samiti (mans) was shot dead in pune on august 20, 2013 by two unidentified assailants, while he was on his morning walk.
pansare and his wife, uma, were attacked in a similar fashion on february 16, 2015, near his home in kolhapur.
pansare died four days later on february 20, 2015, at the breach candy hospital in mumbai.
both cases still remain unsolved.
while dabholkar murder case was initially investigated by the pune crime branch and later transferred to the cbi, the pansare case was being probed by a sit of the kolhapur police.
on thursday, several events were held in mumbai, pune, kolhapur and other parts where people appealed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, to expedite the probe.
in pune, a rally started from omkareshwar bridge and ended at mahendale garage where it was converted to a day-long event including songs, drama and other activities.
dabholkars son hamid and daughter mukta participated in the rally, where film stars, theatre artistes, singers, activists and politicians participated.
in kolhapur, comrade pansares daughter-in-law medha led a morning walk, where people from all walks of the life participated.
fight for justiceit is sad that six months have passed and the killers of comrade pansare are at large and it is two years now that dabholkars killers are yet to be traced, said medha.
initially, the case of dabholkar was investigated by pune police and now by cbi.
.
.
the central agency has written to the state government for manpower, but it is not being given to them.
.
.
nothing has changed at the centre and state level, the red-tapism still exists, he said, adding that they were petitioning president pranab mukherjee seeking justice.
mans activists performed a play propagating anti-superstition message.
in other cities like satara, sangli, kolhapur, solapur, nashik and ahmednagar, the mans organised a series of programmes to pay tribute to dabholkar and pansare.
dabholkars killing prompted the state government to enact the revolutionary maharashtra prevention and eradication of human sacrifice and other inhuman, evil and aghori practices, and black magic act, 2013.
pansare critical but stable; 5 detainedkolhapur, feb 17, 2015, (pti) 12:18 istthe condition of senior cpi leader govind pansare, who was shot at by motorcycle-borne assailants, is today critical but stable even as police have detained five persons in connection with the attack.
pansare, 78, who was at the forefront of a campaign against road toll tax, and his wife were yesterday shot at and critically wounded by the assailants.
the communist leader received three gunshot injuries in the neck, armpit and on the right leg near the knee.
pansare is critical but stable, aster aadhar hospital's chief medical officer dr ulhas damle said.
pansare underwent three operations yesterday which lasted for about eight hours.
a team of nine doctors operated upon him and managed to remove a bullet lodged in his chest after he was shot in the armpit.
the bleeding from the injury in his neck was also controlled.
he was later shifted to the icu, he said.
however, there has been some damage to his lungs because of which he has been kept on ventilator.
but his pulse and blood pressure are stable and kidneys are functioning normally, damle said.
pansare's wife uma was also operated last evening for a fracture on right side of the skull.
she is now conscious and being treated in the icu, the cmo said.
meanwhile, five persons have been detained on ground of suspicion in this connection late last evening, a senior police official said but refused to comment any further.
the assailants had fired at pansare and his wife outside the ideal housing society here when the couple was returning after their daily morning walk.
the attack comes almost a year-and-half since the murder of noted rationalist narendra dabholkar, who was also shot in a similar manner during a morning walk in pune.
the case remains unsolved.
the incident triggered outrage and many senior leaders, including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp chief sharad pawar, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and leader of opposition in state assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil, had condemned the attack on pansare.
this incident is condemnable and shocking.
i have sought information.
he is critical.
let us pray for his recovery, he said.
woman scribe asked to shift from front row; sena seeks apologymumbai, may 1, 2015, (pti) 14:22 ista woman journalist being asked to shift from the front row reserved for media to make way for monks at a function to felicitate chief minister devendrafadnavis has triggered a controversy with a shiv sena leader demanding an apology from the event organisers.
rashmi puranik, working as a reporter with a marathi news channel, was among the first to reach the venue yesterday where fadnavis was felicitated for banning cow slaughter in the state.
she occupied a seat in the front row reserved for journalists.
however, she was asked to shift behind in the area allocated for women.
puranik said she was told that women do not occupy front seats in presence of monks, so she had to move behind.
i argued that this was not a religious function and i was occupying the seat reserved for media, she said.
however, bachchubhai shah, of sri santacruz jain tapagaccha sangh, which organised the event, said there was no discrimination among castes or men and women in jainism.
we believe in the teachings of bhagwan mahavir where all living beings are given equal treatment.
there is no question of insulting women.
we had made seating arrangements for women and it was our request that women occupy those seats, shah said.
he said the front row seating area was in the middle of the path through which the monks were to walk upto the stage.
so we requested the woman reporter to move, he said.
when fadnavis came to know about the incident, he said in his speech at the function that discrimination against women was not a good sign for a healthy society.
we are in the 21st century.
we need to work towards a progressive society and this can happen only if women and men are treated equally, the chief minister said.
meanwhile, terming such incidents as unacceptable, shiv sena leader neelam gorhe today sought an apology from the organisers of the event.
sena hints at truce with bjp after bitterly fought kdmc pollsmumbai, nov 3, 2015, pti: 11:58 ista day after it emerged as the single largest party but fell short of a majority in kalyan-dombivali municipal corporation (kdmc), the shiv sena today hinted at a truce with bjp, saying whatever happens during polls is temporary.
notably, the bjp sharply increased its tally in the kdmc polls, the results of which were declared yesterday.
there was a lot of mudslinging (between the bjp and sena) while campaigning for the kdmc election.
.
.
but, we need to respectfully accept the verdict given by people.
whatever happens during election is temporary and we should let bygones be bygones, an editorial in sena mouthpiece 'saamana' said here today.
further indicating a mellowed stance as against its aggressive posturing before the polls which saw ties with ally bjp plunge to a new low, the sena said everyone needs to be taken along to ensure development.
we are worried about the development of kalyan and dombivali and thus, people have got us to the brink of majority.
we need to take everyone along to ensure development, it said.
at the same time, the ruling alliance partner also pointed out that in other municipal councils, the bjp has not performed well and thus, chief minister devendrafadnavis should introspect what led to a change in mood of the masses in just one year of his government's rule.
the vidarbha region stood firmly behind the bjp during the assembly elections.
but, the picture is not the same today.
the congress and the ncp have performed well in several municipal councils across the state.
the cm should introspect what caused people's mood to change in just one year, the editorial said.
the sena yesterday emerged as the single largest party in the kdmc election, bagging 52 seats, but fell short of a majority in the 122-member body.
the bjp came second winning 42 seats, sharply improving on its earlier tally of nine.
the raj thackeray-led mns bagged nine seats, while congress and ncp were relegated to the fourth position with three seats each.
despite being partners in the state government, the two saffron parties had snapped ties before the civic polls to the twin cities amid their never-ending slanging match over a host of issues.
mumbai, feb 22, 2015 (pti) 11:57 ista bandh is being observed in maharashtra today, following a call from the left parties, to protest the cold-blooded murder of veteran cpi leader govind pansare.
the opposition congress and the ncp have also declared their support for the left-sponsored protest.
rpi leader ramdas athawale participated in a 'rasta roko' at suburban chembur here today to support the bandh and the left workers held a protest at worli naka.
meanwhile, kolhapur police have announced a cash reward of rs five lakh for anyone providing information about pansare's assailants.
the 78-year-old communist leader's mortal remains were consigned to flames in his hometown kolhapur yesterday in the presence of a large number of his friends, supporters and admirers.
however, no religious rituals were performed at the funeral.
neither state chief minister devendrafadnavis nor any central left leader attended the funeral.
it is not an attack on an individual.
it is not an attack on an ideology.
it is a challenge to the system, he said.
two motorcycle-borne assailants had shot at pansare and his wife uma on february 16 near their residence in kolhapur when the couple was returning from morning stroll.
pansare, who was hit by three bullets, succumbed to injuries at breach candy hospital late on friday.
uma is presently recuperating in a kolhapur hospital.
the police have formed 20 teams to nab the attackers, but there has been no breakthrough so far.
resolve boundary row before mahadayi: mes to maharashtra cmbelagavi, oct 22, 2016, dhns 2:07 istmaharashtra ekikaran samiti (mes) has written to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to drop the initiative he has taken to resolve the mahadayi river water sharing dispute, until the karnataka-maharashtra boundary dispute is solved.
in the letter addressed to fadnavis, which has been posted on social media, the mes leaders have urged him not to participate in the proposed meeting of the chief ministers of of maharashtra, karnataka and goa.
though its has been 60 years since the states were re-organised on linguistic basis, marathi-dominated areas have still not been merged, the mes leaders said.
they expressed discontent over fadnavis initiative convening the chief ministers meeting on mahadayi.
in the letter, the mes leaders have also expressed anger against belagavi deputy commissioner n jayaram who on several occasions has displayed his commitment to upholding supremacy of the administrative language of the state (kannada).
bjp-sena rule in maha after 15 years; 20 ministers inductedmumbai, dec 5, 2014, (pti) 18:04 istbjp and shiv sena are ruling maharashtra once again after 15 years with the induction of ten ministers from shiv sena in the 35-day old devendrafadnavis government in maharashtra this afternoon.
sena's joining the bjp government now is unique, because this is the first time a party sitting in the opposition -- albeit for a short duration -- is switching the sides.
governor ch vidyasagar rao administered the oath of office to 20 ministers, including 10 from bjp.
ten cabinet ministers, five each from bjp and sena, were sworn in.
cabinet ministers who took the oath were girish bapat (bjp), girish mahajan (bjp), diwakar raote (shiv sena), subhash desai (ss), ramdas kadam (ss), eknath shinde (ss), chandrashekhar bawankule (bjp), babanrao lonikar (bjp), dr deepak sawant (ss) and rajkumar badole (bjp).
ministers of state sworn in were ram shinde (bjp), vijay deshmukh (bjp), sanjay rathod (shiv sena), dada bhuse (ss), vijay shivtare (ss), deepak kesarkar (ss), raje amrish atram (bjp), ravindra waikar (ss), dr ranjit patil (bjp) and pravin pote (bjp).
two more sena ministers are expected to take oath during the next cabinet expansion, possibly after the winter session of the state legislature.
when fadnavis was sworn in as the chief minister on october 31, nine other ministers, all from bjp, took oath.
no sena minister was sworn in then, as talks between the two parties, which had contested the assembly polls separately, were inconclusive.
ncp had offered unsolicited outside support to the bjp government, which won a trust vote earlier this month.
sena president uddhav thackeray and his family members were present today to witness his partymen, who were wearing saffron phetas (turbans), being sworn in.
rpi leader ramdas athawale and shivsangram leader vinayak mete, whose parties were bjp's pre-poll allies, were also present.
however, no one from these two parties was sworn in.
congress and ncp leaders, who had attended the october 31 ceremony, were conspicuous by their absence.
the last time bjp and sena were in power was during 1995-99 when it was the sena which was in the role of 'big brother' and had the chief minister's post while bjp had deputy chief minister's post.
this time, the roles have been reversed; however sena does not even have the solace of having one of its leaders as deputy chief minister as fadnavis yesterday said the ministry won't have this post.
after the 25-year-old sena-bjp alliance broke up just before the october elections, sena consciously targeted its former ally during the election campaign.
with bjp failing to achieve a simple majority in the elections and sena getting nowhere close to the number needed to form the government, revival of the alliance became imperative for both.
sena virtually justifies lynching of rape accusedmumbai, mar 9, 2015, pti: 0:51 istthe shiv sena on monday virtually justified the lynching of a rape accused in nagaland, saying mob fury reflects peoples anger towards sexual crimes against women and the kind of justice meted out to the man should happen in maharashtra as well.
the way justice was meted out to the rape accused in nagaland, should happen in maharashtra as well.
cases relating to rape carry on for years, with the accused getting no punishment for his crime, shiv sena leader ramdas kadam told reporters here.
what is necessary is immediate decisions to give justice to rape victims.
i will meet chief minister devendrafadnavis and demand the formulation of a law which will fast track rape-related cases and the accused, if proven guilty, is hanged within a month of committing the crime, he added.
there has been an uproar over the march 5 incident in dimapur in which syed farid khan was dragged out of a prison by a mob on suspicion of raping a woman, stripped naked, severely beaten up and tied to a motor cycle.
he died of his injuries along the way and the mob hung his body at the clock tower.
a report sent by nagaland government to the union home ministry has said that charges of rape against khan, who hailed from assam, were not established conclusively and medical reports are still awaited.
civic polls: bjp tastes defeat in cm fadnavis' home turfnagpur, nov 3, 2015 (pti) 14:18 ista year after storming to power in maharashtra, the bjp seems to have suffered a considerable erosion of support base in chief minister devendra fadnavis' home turf vidarbha, losing to congress-ncp in the municipal council polls in the region.
the congress termed the poll outcome in vidarbha region as a wake-up call for ruling coalition.
the bjp could succeed in getting a clear majority only in 3 out of 29 municipal councils in vidarbha, the results of which were declared yesterday, while the sena failed to win in any these civic bodies.
the congress got a clear majority in five councils, while ncp emerged victorious in one.
one of the biggest setbacks to bjp was in nagpur district, the home turf of chief minister devendrafadnavis and union transport and shipping minister nitin gadkari, as the party failed miserably in all the three councils of kuhi, hingana and bhiwapur.
the bjp was in power in hingana and kuhi.
yesterday, ncp won the hingana municipal council poll, while congress is one short of majority in kuhi civic body.
the shiv sena was not able to retain bhiwapur, where the picture is hazy as out of the 17 seats, congress won 5, sena-4, bjp-3, bsp-3 and independents-2.
the chandrapur district, which is home to finance minister sudhir mungantiwar and also union minister of state hansraj ahir, also had an unflattering result for the bjp.
the party won at pombhurna municipal council in the district, while congress won the saoli civic body.
besides, it turned out to be a disaster for bjp and sena in amravati district, as they are not in a position to take over in any of the four councils.
the congress won tiwsa civic body there, while ncp bagged dharni.
the bhatkuli municipal council has been bagged by independent mla ravi rana's outfit, while congress has an upper hand in nandgaon-khandeshwar.
congress mlc rajendra mulak, who had once represented umrer assembly constituency in nagpur district, said the results are a wake-up call for the ruling coalition.
there was growing dissatisfaction among the voters.
the state and central governments had promised a lot, but delivered nothing.
the price rise of essential commodities has hit the common man very hard, said mulak, who was minister of state in the previous congress-ncp government.
mumbai, mar 8, 2015, (pti) : 19:02 istthe majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (mim) has criticised maharashtra government for the ban on the slaughter of bulls and bullocks, saying it will render lakhs of people dependent on this business jobless.
though the slaughter of cows was previously prohibited in the state under the maharashtra animal preservation act of 1976, the passage of the new act will ban the slaughter of bulls as well as bullocks, which was previously allowed based on a fit-for-slaughter certificate.
the maharashtra animal preservation (amendment) bill, 1995 received assent of president pranab mukherjee on march 2.
the government has taken the decision of banning slaughter of bulls and bullocks and thereby rendering lakhs of people dependent on this business jobless.
we have asked chief minister devendrafadnavis , to ban use of alcohol and pork also in the state.
consuming alcohol is perhaps more dangerous than eating red meat, mim mla imtiaz jaleel said.
we respect the ban on slaughter of cows as it is considered holy in the hindu religion.
and since the maharashtra animal preservation act of 1976 came into being in the state there was a strict implementation of the law and the beef traders were following it with sincerity, the mim mla from aurangabad central said.
the government has done grave injustice to the large number of beef traders and the number of allied industries that thrived on it, by imposing a ban on slaughter of bulls as well as bullocks, jaleel said.
what plan has the government got to rehabilitate the large number of people working in the beef business and their numbers is in lakhs across the state.
the government just cannot snatch away their livelihood and take away their legal means of earning their bread and butter, he said.
it would be better if the government now takes up the challenge of making maharashtra, the state with a history of sufis and saints, free from the menace of alcohol, jaleel said.
i am sure no religion allows the use of liquor.
and perhaps it's much more dangerous to consume liquor than eating beef, he said, adding, that the government's prime duty should be to remove the evils from the society.
i think the country liquor shops which the government promotes by issuing licences is nothing but telling people to consume poison, he said.
pork is not allowed in the muslim community so does that mean that the government should also ban the slaughter of pigs now as it hurts the religious sentiments of a community, he said.
jaleel asked the state government to reconsider its decision to ban slaughter of bulls and bullocks as it would leave lakhs of people jobless and reiterated that the ban on cows should continue as we should respect the religious sentiments of our hindu brothers.
he said his party will fully support any agitation by the quresh jamat to get the ban lifted.
the government should have first done a survey to find how many non-muslims and specially the lower category of dalits eat beef as this was the cheapest meat they could afford for a protein-healthy diet.
jaleel warned the government about the possible escalation in rates of mutton and chicken prices and also of vegetable rates shooting up as the demand grows.
states stretch too to mark first yoga daynew delhi, june 21, 2015, (pti) 16:27 istlaunching of new initiatives to popularise yoga and mass demonstrations where dignitaries participated with common people marked the first international yoga day celebrations across the states today.
states ruled by bjp and its allies took the lead, organising mammoth events and announcing various initiatives.
while gujarat is planning introduction of yoga as a regular practice in schools, andhra pradesh announced a grant of rs 25 crore for conduct of regular such events.
while prime minister narendra modi led the day's event on rajpath in the national capital, several union ministers fanned out to states to take part in yoga day events.
union health minister j p nadda participated in the celebrations in hyderabad, along with his cabinet colleague bandaru dattatreya.
union minister for transport and shipping nitin gadkari presided over a event in nagpur, while union ministers ravi shankar prasad and suresh prabhu attended such events in west bengal and kerala, respectively.
several chief ministers and governors too attended events organised in state capitals, besides political bigwigs.
bjp president amit shah took part in yoga session in bihar capital patna.
while most state governments organised official functions to mark the day, the uttar pradesh government did not observe the day officially and had made it voluntary.
union home minister rajnath singh led a session at the k d singh babu stadium in lucknow, where more than 15,000 people including muslims, practised yogasanas.
a sizeable number of government officers and employees were also present at the event.
in gujarat, more than 1.
25 crore people, including school children, senior citizens and women, today took part in yoga day events at around 29,000 locations across the state.
under the state government's 'yoga on the river' initiative, 1,500 trained participants performed yoga on 500 boats on narmada river at bharuch.
chief minister anandiben patel and governor o p kohli were present at the state-level celebration held at the gmdc ground in ahmedabad.
patel practised 'asanas' for almost 35 minutes, along with more than 70,000 participants, including ips and ias officers, mlas, corporators and bjp leaders.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan led a large number of students and others in a yoga session at the lal parade ground in state capital bhopal.
union minister for steel and mines narendra singh tomar and state finance minister jayant mallaiya led the yoga session in gwalior.
in the national capital, yoga sessions were also held at the country's premier health facility all india institute of medical sciences and at the ndmc convention centre.
various resident welfare associations also organised yoga classes at residential complexes across delhi.
the aap government, however, did not organise any programme on the day, saying that when one big event was being held, another one will not be required.
chief minister arvind kejriwal and his deputy manish sisodia was among the participants on rajpath.
in the kashmir valley, yoga sessions were held at many places, with large numbers of school children participating with zeal and enthusiasm.
the main function was held at bakshi stadium in srinagar where over 1,200 ncc cadets and school children participated.
similar events were held at baramulla, uri, bandipura, tangdhar, anantnag, kargil and leh.
union minister of state for social justice and empowerment krishan pal gujjar was the chief guest at the event at jhelum view park in rajbagh, organised by the kashmir unit of bjp.
a series of events were organised across punjab and haryana.
chief minister manohar lal khattar attended the state level function organised by haryana government in karnal.
he announced that 1,000 trainers would soon be appointed for 'yog and vyamshalas' to be set up in 1,000 villages in the state.
haryana and punjab governor kaptan singh solanki attended an event in chandigarh to mark international yoga day.
in rajasthan, lakhs of people performed yoga for one hour to mark the day with the state's main event being attended by chief minister vasundhara raje and her cabinet colleagues at sawai man singh stadium in jaipur.
chief minister raje also administered the oath of health, fitness and discipline in life to over 25,000 people.
besides cities, yoga was performed in 9,900 gram panchayats in which all elected representatives, ngos and government employees took part.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who practised yoga with a select group of jail inmates in central prison on mumbai's wardha road, praised prime minister modi for giving an international status to yoga and called for not to mix yoga with religion and politics.
in mumbai, which has been witnessing heavy rainfall, bjp state unit president raosaheb danve and health minister deepak sawant performed yoga that was co-ordinated by party's state treasurer shaina n c and others.
union ministers piyush goyal and anant geete were present on the occasion.
hundreds of people laid down their mattresses along the entire stretch of the 'queen's necklace' from chowpatty to nariman point in a programme called 'yoga by the bay', which was a joint collaboration between the art of living, ngo 'i love mumbai' and 'equal streets initiative'.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu announced that the state government will provide rs 25 crores for conducting of regular yoga programmes in the state by the ayush department.
in chhattisgarh, chief minister raman singh encouraged people, particularly the youngsters, to practice yoga while highlighting the benefits of the ancient form of exercise and meditation.
yoga not only strengthens an individual's memory, but also helps people spiritually focus on their goal, singh said participating at an event to mark the day at balbeer singh juneja indoor stadium in raipur which was attended by over 1,000 students from around 17 schools.
in goa, several groups voluntarily performed yoga at the beaches, schools and open grounds.
mrityunjay bose, dh news service, mumbai, jun 6 2017, 17:01 istas the farmers strike in maharashtra entered the sixth day on tuesday, chief minister devendrafadnavis that his government is working towards implementation of what would be the biggest ever farm loan waiver.
we are looking at the issue, we are studying itafter meeting the farmers leaders last week, we have announced the 31 october deadline for implementation.
this is going to be the biggest loan waiver ever, fadnavis, who was accompanied by union urban development minister m venkaiah naidu, told reporters in mumbai.
fadanviss statement came ahead of the weekly cabinet meeting where various issues including the farmers agitation was discussed in detail.
the statement comes on the day when former union agriculture minister and ncp supremo sharad pawar called on prime minister narendra modi to discuss the issue of loan waiver for farmers.
we shall be writing off the loans of all deserving and needy farmers.
for this, we shall make use of it-based technology it will be the biggest farm loan waiver in history.
whom to give, how to give, who would be eligiblevarious factors would be looked into, he said, speaking about the four month timeframe.
he also said that to ensure that farmers are benefitted, the government is also studying an it-based implementation method of andhra pradesh.
in the past, there were irregularities in the loan waiver schemes and to avoid this a proper seamless system would be in place, he said.
on the strike, he said that on monday 300 of the 307 apmcs were functional.
of the seven non-function, four had weekly closure, he said.
the government is ready for talkswe are ready to talk to farmers leaders who are genuine and who are not looking at political gains, the chief minister said, adding that we are definitely not going to succumb to the pressure of people who are firing over the shoulders of farmers.
mumbai, oct 12, 2015, (pti): 20:52 istopposition in maharashtra has criticised shiv sena for blackening the face of orf chairman sudheendra kulkarni and has held maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis responsible for the incident.
it is hard to believe that fadnavis was not aware that shiv sena can to go to any extent to grab attention and prove its superiority in mumbai.
our cm should have been more proactive and should have provided full security to the people involved in hosting this event, especially given the current background of events in the city.
this is a big failure, mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam told reporters here.
he further said that as a preventive measure, potential trouble makers should have been arrested before former pakistan external affairs minister khurshid kasuri landed in the city.
it is unfortunate that he is unable to control his own ally despite being the head of the government and appears vulnerable and weak.
the cm's government is becoming irrelevant with each passing day and the common man is feeling more and more insecure, he said.
ncp leader sachin ahir, while condemning the smear attack on kulkarni, said nobody should be allowed to carry out hooliganism under the guise of patriotism.
in a democracy like ours, it is essential to value differences of opinion and its existence.
nobody has a right to attack anybody or indulge in hooliganism in the name of patriotism just because someone carries a different opinion, ahir said.
the sena today, is not the same as it was during the time of balasaheb thackeray.
today, the party merely talks without having substance or conviction in its voice.
the programme is already done, but the party did not do anything except giving false threats.
the countdown of sena's defeat in the mumbai civic election has now begun, he added.
the biggest culprit in this whole sequence of untoward events is our weak chief minister of maharashtra, ahir said.
earlier in the day, a black paint was sprayed on sudheendra for not bowing down to sena's diktat seeking cancellation of events having pakistani connections.
fadnavis hints at mending ties with senanew delhi, nov 23, 2014, dhns: 11:01 istas the nationalist congress party (ncp) sent mixed signals on supporting the bjp government in maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis on saturday described estranged ally the shiv sena a friend and dropped hints of a rapprochement.
the sena has occupied the opposition benches in the assembly after the bjp walked out of the three-decade-old coalition.
speaking at the hindustan times leadership summit, fadnavis admitted that he never faced as much criticism in his 22-year political career as he had during the first three days after winning the trust vote in the assembly.
the ncp, which was the recipient of choicest of abuses from the bjp during the election campaign, bailed out the fadnavis government by announcing unconditional outside support.
the bjp has 122 members in the 288-member assembly.
it enjoys support of seven independent mlas and some from other smaller parties, but is still short of a majority.
fadnavis won the trust vote on november 12 by a voice-vote in the assembly.
the opposition sena and the congress claimed that the speaker rejected their demand for a vote by division.
the shiv sena has always been a friend and in future, i think and i hope, we will be friends, he said.
fadnavis refused to divulge details of the ongoing talks between the two erstwhile allies and merely said the dialogue was moving in the right direction.
somethings had to be done, he remarked, when asked about taking support from the ncp.
earlier this week, state agriculture minister eknath khadse had claimed that at least eight mlas from different political parties were in touch with the bjp to crossover.
mumbai, sep 9, 2016, pti 18:47 ista controversy erupted today after popular stand-up comedian kapil sharma alleged that he had been asked to pay a bribe of rs 5 lakh by an official of the civic body bmc which, in turn, claimed that the actor had carried out illegal construction at his office for which a notice had been served on him.
kapil levelled the bribe allegation in tweets in which he tagged prime minister narendra modi, asking if this was the achche din (good days) he had promised.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was quick to respond to sharma's angst and assured him that strict action would be taken against the culprit.
expressing his anguish and raising the issue of corruption, kapil tweeted this morning, i am paying 15 cr income tax from last 5 year n still i have to pay 5 lacs bribe to bmc office for making my office @narendramodi (sic).
in another tweet, he wrote, yeh hain aapke achhe din?
@narendramodi (are these your good days), referring to modi's 2014 poll slogan of good days are ahead.
the post of sharma, who has over 6.
22 million followers on twitter, was 'retweeted' and 'liked' by thousands on the social media platform.
taking cognisance of the matter, fadnavis requested sharma to provide the authorities with necessary information to punish the culprit.
kapilbhai pls provide all info.
have directed mc, bmc to take strictest action.
we will not spare the culprit, the chief minister said in a tweet.
later, sharma thanked fadnavis in another tweet saying, @dev_fadnavis thank u so much for ur concern sir.
.
would like to come n discuss this matter with u in person .
.
however, a senior brihanmumbai municipal corporation official claimed that the actor had made some illegal construction at his office in versova area of suburban mumbai and had been served a notice regarding the same, but he did not pay heed to it.
kapil was then sent a notice by bmc on july 16 to stop or remove the construction, but he didn't reply to it, he said.
bmc also asked kapil to reveal the name of the officer who allegedly demanded the bribe.
stung by corruption allegations, shiv sena, which rules the bmc along with bjp, dared kapil to name the bribe seeker.
this is not a comedy show where he can tweet what is going on in his life.
he needs to immediately name the person publicly who asked for a bribe or people would watch the whole episode like a comedy drama, laugh over it and forget about it, sena spokesperson manisha kayande said.
kapil sharma is a very famous person and thus the moot question he needs to answer is that why would he give the bribe when somebody asked for it.
giving bribe makes him as much of a culprit as the one who asked for it, she added.
manohar pawar, chief engineer of vigilance department in bmc, said, i have requested kapil sharma to reveal the name of the officer who demanded bribe so that we can initiate inquiry and appropriate action against him or her.
let me assure you that if you desire to keep any disclosure made by you in this matter confidential, the same shall also be ensured, he said in a statement.
meanwhile, bjp mla ram kadam filed a complaint with the cyber cell of mumbai police alleging that kapil, by keeping mum on the bribe demand, did not discharge his duty as a citizen, and demanded a free and fair inquiry into the entire issue.
confirming the complaint, mumbai police spokesperson ashok dudhe said, yes, we have received an application and since the allegations are related to the anti-corruption department, the application is going to be forwarded to anti-corruption department for further inquiry.
the congress, meanwhile, said chief minister fadnavis, who took immediate cognisance of the comedian's complaint should lend ears to common man as well.
it is surprising to see how the government machinery gave a quick response to kapil sharma.
just like him, common mumbaikars raise issues of corruption every day against the bmc but nobody listens to them.
it has come to a situation where every mumbaikar has to now say 'hum bhi hai kapil sharma' for the cm and bmc to listen to them, congress mla nitesh rane said.
the ncp too sought to milk the issue by alleging corruption in the civic body since years and said sharma too should demolish the alleged illegal structure if he is a law abiding citizen.
undoubtedly there is corruption in bmc ruled by the bjp and the shiv sena since decades.
also, kapil sharma was issued a notice by the civic body over illegal construction.
if he is a law abiding citizen, he should immediately demolish it, ncp spokesperson nawab malik said.
if he (sharma) is using the corruption angle to save his illegal structure, the municipal commissioner should come forward and raze it, he said.
mumbai, mar 6, 2017 (pti) 16:05 ista bjp mla came to the state legislature here in a bullock cart as the budget session of the house began today, demanding immediate resumption of cart races in the state lifting the ban on them.
the cart rode by mahesh landge, who holds the bhosari seat in pune district, was stopped near the mantralayla (government secretariat), close to the legislature complex by police.
langde said he took to the symbolic act as people in villages were keen on immediate resumption of cart races as the season of rural fairs is about to start.
we are waiting for the maharashtra government to bring in a bill to amend the prevention of cruelty to animals act, 1960, to pave the way for its centuries-old tradition of bullock cart racing, landge told pti.
when pointed out that chief minister devendrafadnavis had already spoken of bringing in a bill to allow the bullock cart races, landge said we want the bill to be brought in the first week of the current session itself, as village jatras (rural fairs) are beginning and people are being denied of the races.
we had reached near mantralaya, which is adjacent to vidhan bhawan, when police stopped us.
we then took the bullock cart to the state bjp office, which is in the same area, landge said.
animal rights activists have raised objections to the move to legalise the bullock cart races, saying it amounts to subjecting bulls to cruelty and torture.
bullock cart races were banned in maharashtra in 2011, after bulls were categorised as performing animals under the act.
shivajirao adhalrao patil, shiv sena mp from shirur in pune district, and peasants and workers party legislator jayant patil have also been campaigning for lifting the ban.
adhalrao patil had raised the issue in parliament sought intervention of prime minister narendra modi for restoring the bullock cart races in the state.
new delhi, dec 7, 2014, (pti): 14:09 istfacing opposition ire for deciding to skip the customary tea party on eve of legislature session, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said the meeting called by prime minister on planning commission was an important event that would benefit his state.
he also slammed chief ministers of some states who have decided to keep away from the meeting on restructuring planning commission.
i do not know why they are skipping the meeting.
but, the prime minister's meeting is very important.
he was asked about reports of some chief ministers keeping away from the meeting here today to discuss the structure, scope and role of the new body that will replace the planning commission.
the meeting is being chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
on criticisms by opposition parties in maharashtra that he was insulting opposition parties by not attending the customary tea party on the eve of legislature session, fadnavis stressed that the prime minister's meeting was very important.
the prime minister has called for a meeting to discuss an important issue.
i need to attend it for the benefit of my state.
if we are not going to participate, then we are at loss, the chief minister noted.
fadnavis was slammed by the opposition congress and ncp for deciding not to attend the tea party, with both parties accusing him of insulting them by deciding to skip the function.
curtains will soon come down on five year planssagar kulkarni, new delhi: feb 08, 2015, dhns: 0:17 istcurtains will soon fall on the five year plans as the fledgling niti aayog, that replaced the planning commission, takes root.
however, there were clear indications that the modi government will not scrap the 12th five year plan which was drafted during the erstwhile upa regime and came into force in 2012-13.
the 12th five year plan will continue in the transition period as we shift from planning commission to niti aayog, government sources said.
the issue came up for discussion at the first meeting of the governing council of the niti aayog chaired by prime minister narendra modi here.
the sectoral plans, as envisaged by the niti aayog, would start rolling out in the 12th plan period and the state plans would also continue for the next two financial years, the source said.
however, the 12th plan would be the last five year plan as niti aayog would be on a firmer footing by 2016-17, the final year of the 12th plan.
we are carrying out a mid-term review of the 12th plan, said finance minister arun jaitley adding that some suggestions on the status of the plan were made during the meeting.
the niti aayog or the national institution for transforming india was constituted by the modi government on the new years day, replacing the planning commission set up by first prime minister jawaharlal nehru in 1950.
in its 65-year history, the planning commission had drafted 12 five year plans and six annual plans involving fund outlays of more than rs 200 lakh crore.
the planning commission lacked flexibility; the states had to approach it with their demands.
niti aayog has a flexible approach.
decisions will be taken in consultation with the state governments, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters.
the 12th plan document had estimated an average annual growth of eight per cent during the plan period 2012-13 to 2016-17.
it also put forth two different scenarios with the first projecting 6-6.
5 per cent average growth a year if economic reforms were inadequate and another projecting 5-5.
5 per cent growth if there was a logjam.
the first two years of the plan period saw an average annual growth of 4.
6 per cent.
however, last month, the government changed the method of computing economic growth rate, as well as the base year.
now, the growth target will have to be reworked in light of these changes.
peshwa descendant objects to 'bajirao mastani', write to cmmumbai, nov 20, 2015, (pti) 12:54 istthe ranveer singh and deepika padukone starrer bajirao-mastani, produced and directed by sanjay leela bhansali, has landed into controversy, with the descendant of bajirao peshwa i alleging that historical facts have been altered while portraying the late king and his wives kashibai and mastani in the film.
in a letter written to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday, bajirao's descendant prasadrao peshwe has demanded that the government look into the matter, review the soon-to-be released film, investigate the matter and take a decision accordingly.
peshwe said he is an ordinary citizen and wrote to the cm after watching the teasers and promos of the upcoming film.
it has been found out that the said cinema in the name of cinematic liberty has altered original history.
so also, a song has been picturised on the wife of shrimant bajirao peshwe i, kashibai and mastani.
this incident is not keeping in-line with the history, he alleged.
moreover, the 'pinga' dance form is an integral part of marathi culture and has been transformed into a 'item song' and the costumes and dance direction are on that lines, he further alleged.
prasadrao said the warrior king shrimant bajirao peshwe and the overall legacy of peshwas is a matter of maharashtrian pride.
the historical personalities are always a matter of respect.
the picturisation of the said film, the historical references of the period and story appear to be perverted, he charged.
as i could not withstand the insult of maratha history, marathi ethos and indian culture, i am making this appeal to you that the maharashtra government pay attention, review the entire film, and with proper inquiry arrive at a appropriate decision, he said in the letter to fadnavis.
as per historical records, bajirao ballal bhat, better known as bajirao peshwa i, was born on august 18, 1700 and ruled between 1720 to 1740.
he died in a battle on april 28, 1740.
according to historical records, bajirao peshwa i fought 43 wars and remained unconquered.
another descendant of queen kashibai peshwe, who wished not to be named, claimed that kashibai suffered from an arthritis-like ailment at a very young age and was bed-ridden for most of her life.
the late queen was highly learned and had her own library.
since the late queen kashibai suffered from a debilitating disease of the knee joints, she could never have been expected to dance.
moreover, the royal ladies never danced in public, he said.
no sena-bjp alliance for kdmc pollsmumbai, oct 13, 2015, (pti) 11:41 istshiv sena has decided to go it alone in the forthcoming kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation election and not have any tie-up with the bjp with which it shares power in the state and centre.
the decision was taken last night at a meeting of senior sena leaders here, a sena leader said.
the development comes after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis chided the shiv sena for bringing the state a bad name due to the protests against former pakistan foreign minister khurshid mahmood kasuri's book launch in mumbai.
kalyan and dombivali are satellite cities adjacent to mumbai and the municipal corporation is currently run by the sena-bjp alliance.
shiv sena is all set to contest all 122 seats alone.
the kdmc elections are to be held on november 1.
maharashtra bjp president raosaheb danve told pti that the party had left the decision on the alliance issue with local bjp unit in kalyan.
we are not going to impose anything on the local unit, he added.
the shiv sena opposed the launch of kasuri's book neither a hawk, nor a dove: an insider account of pakistan's foreign policy saying there should be no engagement with pakistan as long as it supports terror attacks on indian soil.
yesterday, shiv sena members threw black paint at former bjp adviser and columnist sudheendra kulkarni, who was the organiser of the event where kasuri's book was launched.
we cannot endorse kasuri, but can't let our state turn into banana republic.
the rule of law has prevailed.
i think the way things have happened has brought a bad name to our state.
there could have been better ways to put forth a point of view, he had said.
kasuri's book was released last night amid heavy security.
eight-year-old girl donates her savings to drought-hit farmersmumbai, sep 20, 2015, (pti) 19:45 istin a benevolent gesture, eight-year-old nagpur resident rashika joshi, met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and donated her piggy bank savings to the chief minister's relief fund for drought- affected farmers.
rashika is a big fan of bollywood actor aamir khan.
after she saw the actor's pictures with the cm, she asked me what was the actor doing with him.
i explained to her that he (aamir) is giving a cheque to the cm for his relief fund which would help farmers who lost their crops due to the ongoing drought, manoj joshi, rashika's father, told pti today.
later, she asked if her photographs too would get clicked if she donated money to help farmers.
after i gave her an affirmative reply, she decided to donate her piggy bank savings and help drought-hit farmers, he said.
joshi said that he was out of town when his neighbours took his daughter rashika joshi to meet the cm, adding that he was pleasantly surprised by fadnavis's response to his daughter.
the maharashtra chief minister said that he was touched by rashika's gesture and that her donated piggy bank savings would certainly reach farmers and help them, no matter how small the amount.
i am touched by rashika manoj joshi's surprise contribution.
meanwhile, substantial rains during the last three days in the marathwada region has resolved the problem for drinking water and other requirement to a large extent.
aurangabad, jalna, parbhani, hingoli and nanded received good rainfall, while latur, osmanabad and beed continue to remain comparatively dry.
zakir naik postpones return to mumbaimumbai, jul 12, 2016, dhns: 0:12 istislamic preacher was to address news conferencecontroversial islamic preacher zakir naik, whose name cropped up during investigations into the terror attack in dhaka, has postponed his return to mumbai, his hometown.
zakir, 50, the founder of islamic research foundation (irf) and peace tv, was in mecca and medina in saudi arabia and was to return to mumbai on monday afternoon.
however, he postponed his return to india.
on sunday, bangladesh banned naiks controversial peace tv, saying it incited the recent attack on the dhaka caf that claimed 22 lives, including those of police officers.
two of the attackers were inspired by zakirs speeches.
the special branch of the mumbai police is probing the matter even as the anti-terrorism squad (ats) of maharashtra police and national investigation agency (nia) are keeping a hawk-eyed vigil.
over sunday and monday morning, there were reports that zakir and some prominent citizens would address a news conference at a five-star hotel on tuesday on his return; however, it has been hurriedly cancelled.
he is not returning on monday, he has postponed his return, sources said, adding that he was going ahead with his scheduled lecture tour in the united arab emirates and africa.
distressed over crop failure, farmer lights own funeral pyrenagpur, dec 1, 2014, (pti): 19:25 ista 75-year-old farmer, distressed over crop failure, allegedly ended his life by lighting his own funeral pyre at a village in maharashtra's akola district, police said today.
kashiram bhagwan indare, who had one acre of land at manarkhed village in balapur taluka, was depressed over the failure of cotton and soyabean crops due to inadequate rains in the drought-prone district of vidarbha, which has gained infamy for farmer suicides.
on friday last, indare built a pyre in his field and set it afire, investigating officer mohan khandare told pti over the phone.
ruling out any foul play in the incident, khandare said the elderly farmer, during conversation with his wife, often talked about his agony and frustrated state of mind.
three days back, when he did not return home from the field, a search was launched by his son and other villagers who found him charred to death.
no suicide note was found.
police have registered a case of accidental death, khandare said.
meanwhile, seven more suicides by debt-ridden farmers were reported in the last two days from vidarbha, which was toured by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis last week, according to vidarbha janandolan samiti (vjs), an ngo which has been tracking such deaths.
with these deaths, the number of farmer suicides in the cotton belt, facing water scarcity and agrarian crisis, has gone up to 1,022 till now this year, claimed samiti's president kishore tiwari.
a delegation of farmers led by tiwari had met fadnavis in amravati last week and presented a list of demands.
they demanded rs 25,000 per hectare compensation for crop failure, complete waiver of crop loans, 100-day wage subsidy under mgnrega to drought-hit farmers, and free food, health and education facilities for drought-hit families of the region.
commuter rage, arson after suburban train services disruptedmumbai, jan 2, 2015, pti 14:31 istsuburban thane witnessed commuter rage today as irate rail passengers indulged in arson, pelted stones at police and staged a 'rasta roko' after train services on central railway route were disrupted due to technical failure, prompting police to cane-charge the protestors.
the suburban train services on the harbour line also came to a halt after some motormen were injured in the violence and refused to operate trains due to security issues.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the situation after the outbreak of train commuters' fury and appealed the people to maintain peace.
the chief minister has appealed for peace.
police is taking all steps to restore peace, minister of state for home ranjit patil told reporters here.
the cm is monitoring the situation every five minutes.
he has spoken to railway minister suresh prabhu, he said.
angry rail commuters staged a 'rail roko' at diva station between thane and kalyan, after they were stranded for hours following breakdown of pantographs of a chhatrapati shivaji terminus (cst)-bound train at 6.
30 am near thakurli station.
the protesters also set on fire at least three vehicles, including a police jeep, a thane civic official said.
three pantographs of a cst-bound train from badlapur got damaged and the train came to a standstill with huge sparks.
soon after, another kalyan-cst train also experienced similar technical failure.
thus, the entire slow line towards cst crumbled in the morning peak hours.
even the fast train services got affected as trains were diverted.
at around 9.
15 am, commuters staged a rail roko at diva station and they came on tracks in huge numbers.
many were seen walking on tracks towards dombivili station.
the ticket window at dombivili station on central line was broken, and automatic ticket vending machines (atvm) were thrown on tracks.
police cane-charged the protestors gathered on the tracks.
aamir khan to promote water schememumbai, feb 18, 2016, dhns: 0:15 istafter being dumped as the brand ambassador of incredible india, bollywood actor aamir khan would lend his voice and communication skills for jalyukt shivar, the flagship campaign of the bjp-shiv sena saffron alliance government to make maharashtra drought-free by 2019.
throughout the day, there were speculations that the 50-year-old khan would be the brand ambassador of jalyukt shivar, however, in the evening the speculations were set to rest.
in fact, chief minister devendrafadnavis shares a good equation with aamir khan and the latter was also at the maharashtra rajani, the cultural extravaganza of the make in india week, which had to be cancelled after the grand stage at the girgaum chowpatty caught fire.
the jalyukt shivar project involves deepening and widening of streams, construction of cement and earthen stop dams, work on nullahs and digging of farm ponds.
paani foundation, a not-for-profit company started by actor aamir khan and director kiran rao, announced its partnership with the maharashtra government to solve the water crisis in the state.
the project, called satyamev jayate water cup, is aimed at solving the water through a peoples movement.
the ngo of the actor would supplement the efforts of the government.
press trust of india, nashik, jun 8 2017, 20:20 istnagpur: police detain ncp farmers during a protest as part of their maharashtra bandh over various demands, in nagpur on monday.
pti photothe first meeting of the new steering committee, comprising representatives of various farmers' groups, today resolved to amplify their protests across maharashtra if their demands, including a complete loan waiver, are not accepted by the state government by june 11.
a number of farmer leaders, including swabhimani shetkari sanghatna (sss) president and mp raju shetti, raghunath patil, mla bachhu kadu, maharashtra kisan sabha (mks) members ajit navle and raju desale, participated in the meeting held here in the afternoon.
shetti, whose sss is an ally of the bjp-led nda government in maharashtra and who led a atmaklesh yatra (repentance march) of farmers last month, has stressed the need to take farmers' struggle to the national level.
he sought support of all opposition parties for the implementation of the swaminathan committee report.
shetti alleged that only traders and middlemen profited from the flawed tur purchase policy of the state government.
shetti, who represents the hatkanangle lok sabha seat in kolhapur district, said he would be visiting madhya pradesh, where the ongoing agitation by farmers has taken a violent turn, with the death of five farmers in alleged police firing.
farmers in maharashtra launched an unprecedented stir on june 1 which has affected the supply of milk and vegetables in major urban centres including mumbai.
while refraining from selling their agricultural produce in many parts of the state, the cultivators took to the streets to disrupt the movement of vehicles carrying farm produce to cities such as mumbai, pune, nashik.
among prominent demands raised by farmers are a complete loan waiver, a guaranteed minimum support price (msp) for their produce, and implementation of the swaminathan committee report.
the measure is to come into effect by october 31.
however, protests continued as another section of farmers stuck to its demand for a blanket loan waiver.
at the meeting, navle said farmers will start holding thiyya andolan (sit-in protest) outside tehsil offices and district collectorates across the state from june 12.
if our demands are not met by june 11, farmers will resort to 'thiyya andolan' june 12 onwards.
farmers will start holding protests like rasta roko, rail roko across the state on june 13 onwards, he said.
farmers from nashik district, which has emerged as the new epicentre of protests after puntamba in ahmednagar district, are demanding scrapping of the proposed 701-km mumbai-nagpur samruddhi expressway project.
meanwhile, agricultural produce marketing committees (apmcs) in nashik district have started receiving supply of vegetables and fruits from farmers, after days of shortage.
supply of milk has also become normal now.
addressing the meeting, bacchu kadu said farmers will not let ministers in maharashtra address meetings in the state during the second stage of agitation if their demands are not met.
we will take our struggle to the national level, he said, adding that 70 leaders of various farmers' organisations participated in today's meeting of the steering committee.
meanwhile, soaring prices of vegetables and fruits in mumbai and some other cities are slowly getting plateaued with increased inflow of agricultural produce.
substantial inflow of vegetables and fruits in pune, navi mumbai and vashi agricultural produce market committees (apmcs) has somewhat stabilised their prices in the last two days, according to official sources.
yesterday, security was stepped up outside houses of legislators and mps of the ruling bjp after agitating farmers put a lock outside the house of r t deshmukh, the party mla from majalgaon in beed district.
bjp's haribhau bagde unanimously elected maha assembly speakermumbai, nov 12, 2014 (pti) 11:56 istsenior bjp legislator haribhau bagde was today unanimously elected as the speaker of the maharashtra assembly.
bagde's name was announced by protem speaker jiva pandu gavit in the newly-constituted maharashtra legislative assembly.
bagde, the mla from phulambhari in aurangabad district, was escorted to the speaker's chair by chief minister devendrafadnavis , ncp leader ajit pawar, congress leader radhakrishna vikhe patil, shiv sena leader eknath shinde and senior most legislator ganpatrao deshmukh of pwp.
fadnavis thanked all the parties for facilitating unanimous election of the speaker in keeping with the highest traditions of the lower house.
he described bagde as a grass root worker and agriculturalist who held several important posts in the bjp as well as the sena-bjp government in 1995.
sena leader eknath shinde said the party decided to withdraw its candidate after the chief minister spoke to party chief uddhav thackeray.
earlier, congress candidate varsha gaikwad also withdrew her nomination for the speaker's post after former ally ncp declined to support her.
bjp president amit shah on wednesday held parleys with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray to patch up ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the meeting comes amid growing opposition unity and in the backdrop of the bjps poor performance in the byelections, besides failure to form a government in karnataka.
the shah-uddhav meeting that was earlier scheduled to be for an hour, went on for over two hours.
this is being taken as a positive development.
what transpired in the meeting is not yet officially known, however, shah is learnt to have pressed uddhav to keep the saffron alliance intact in maharashtra.
besides, one of the long-pending issues between the two allies is the expansion of the ministry led by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
uddhav's son and yuva sena president aditya thackeray and fadnavis were present at matoshree during the meeting.
shah and uddhav also met one-on-one for over 30 minutes, apparently to iron out differences.
though state bjp chief raosaheb patil-danve was not present at the meeting, he said: the position of the bjp is to take along all like-minded parties together (as part of nda) and we are committed to it.
shah was given a grand welcome at the bandra bungalow of the thackerays.
there are reports that gujarati food like dhokla, khandvi and gathia were prepared for the special guest.
shah, who was on a day-long tour of mumbai as part of the sampark se samarthan campaign, earlier in the day, met bollywood actress madhuri dixit-nene at her residence in juhu and former tata group chief and philanthropist ratan tata at his colaba residence.
during the meetings, he apprised them of the works done by prime minister narendra modi and his team, how he transformed india and the plans ahead.
later, he also visited the siddhivinayak temple.
ai flight to us delayed as maha cm aide 'forgot' visa documentnew delhi, june 30, 2015 (pti): 21:25 istnational carrier air india had to delay the departure of its newark flight from mumbai by nearly an hour after it was reported that the principal secretary to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had not carried his passport with valid visa.
when contacted, an air india spokesperson said that the flight in which fadnavis was to travel was delayed by 57 minutes for a mix of reasons.
the flight was delayed by 57 minutes and that too because of operational, technical reasons.
besides, some delay also occurred on account of the atc, the spokesperson claimed.
the incident took place yesterday when fadnavis was leaving on a week-long visit to the us along with his industries minister subhash desai, chief secratary swadheen kshatriya and principal secretary pravin pardeshi besides other delegation members.
according to sources, pardeshi was cleared at the check-in but was held back before boarding as the passport he was carrying did not have the valid us visa.
sources said that pardeshi had got a valid us visa in his old passport but this was not reflected in the new one which he was carrying.
he quickly arranged to bring his old passport which had valid us visa stamp after which he was allowed to proceed to the aircraft,they said.
glowing tributes paid to senior cpi leader govind pansaremumbai, feb 21, 2015, (pti) 15:48 isttributes poured in for veteran communist leader govind pansare--who succumbed to bullet injuries last night here-- with a demand to nab the culprits at the earliest and need to take stern action against elements acting against progressive thinkers in maharashtra.
governor ch vidyasagar rao expressed grief over pansare's demise, saying the attack earlier this week had caused extreme grief and anguish to all right thinking people.
the assassination of a selfless social worker like shri pansare is a dastardly act.
i have no doubt in my mind that the state government will take every step to bring the perpetrators of the crime to justice, he said.
ncp leader supriya sule said pansare's death comes as a shock because everyone thought he will survive the murder attempt.
the death comes close on the heels of the passing away of ncp leader r r patil which has cast a pall of gloom amongst us.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is heading the home department, should take action to ensure that the culprits are brought to book immediately, she said.
ncp state president sunil tatkare said all individuals with progressive outlook should unite to stop such elements who want to destroy revolutionary and progressive leaders like pansare.
aam aadmi party (aap), while paying tribute to pansare, urged the maharashtra government to nab the assailants at the earliest.
just as the killers of pansare have not been found, the killers of dr narendra dabholkar are also still at large.
as a result of this, the government has made itself vulnerable to suspicion that its agencies may be supporting those behind the attacks on maharashtra's progressive ideas and traditions, a statement from aap said.
aap said pansare was at the forefront of the struggle against social injustices and inequality.
apart from being the voice of unorganised labourers, he was also leading the agitation against the exploitation of the toll contractor mafia.
he was a strong advocate of inter-caste marriages as a means of countering the practices of discrimination in society.
all activists today are feeling enraged and disturbed by comrade pansare's death.
we have to work harder to build a more rational and liberal society, the statement said.
education minister vinod tawde and revenue minister eknath khadse also condoled the demise of pansare, saying the progressive movement in the state had lost one of its pillars and the loss to this fight for the rights of underprivileged is irreparable.
maharashtra farmers on strike, seek to block veggies and milk supplypress trust of india, mumbai, jun 1 2017, 22:32 istfarmers spilling milk on the road during their state-wide strike over various demands at a village in ahmednagar, maharashtra on thursday.
pti photoincidents of violence, including attempt to disrupt supply of vegetables and milk to mumbai and other cities, marked farmers' `strike which started today in maharashtra.
the farmers have launched the agitation to press various demands including a loan waiver.
curfew was imposed in yeola in nashik district where 14 policemen were injured in stone pelting.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , while expressing willingness to hold talks with the agitating farmers, alleged that it was the opposition ncp and congress who were instigating them.
a committee has been asked to suggest measures to resolve farmers' issues, he said.
protesters in satara, kolhapur and nashik districts tried to disrupt supply of milk and vegetables to mumbai last night.
traders in mumbai claimed that they have not been affected by the stir, but said the supply from production centres across the state would be affected if the strike continued.
kolhapur district cooperative milk society ltd, known as gokul dairy, filed a police complaint in satara stating that one of its tankers was attacked on the way to mumbai.
police in several districts provided protection to milk tankers heading towards the state capital.
gokul dairy supplies seven lakh litres of milk per day to mumbai, which has daily need of 55 lakh litres, said dattatray ghanekar, md of gokul dairy.
vegetable and fruit supplies have remained largely unaffected in the navi mumbai agriculture produce market committee, which supplies produce to mumbai and neighbouring districts.
there has been no decrease in the quantity we get every day, satish soni, administrator of navi mumbai apmc, told pti.
the average supply of vegetables to navi mumbai apmc is around 7,000 tonnes, he said.
police lathicharged to disperse a mob of some 600 agitators on the busy yeola-kopargaon road which was ransacking trucks of vegetables.
additional superintendent of police dr rahul khade, along with two inspectors, a sub-divisional police officer of manmad and 10 constables were injured as the mob pelted stones, police said.
curfew was imposed in yeola town.
police fired eight rounds in air and also burst teargas shells.
platoons of state reserve police have been deployed in the area.
at lasalgaon in nashik district, protesters stoned a police jeep, damaging its windshields.
agitators threw onions, chillies, mangoes and tomatoes on the road as weekly markets in 82 places in the district remained closed.
apmc yards in nashik wore a deserted look as farmers did not turn up to auction their agriculture produce.
in neighbouring ahmednagar district, some 3,500 milk collection centres and 500 cold houses remained closed.
in nagpur, maharashtra's second capital, the agitation didn't have much impact, apmc sources said.
in aurangabad, vegetable traders clashed with farmers who asked them to close shops in jadhavwadi area.
police detained some farmers and labourers.
many farmers emptied milk on the road in shioor village of aurangabad district.
chitale dairy, milk supplier based in sangli district, decided not to send its vehicles for milk collection tomorrow as a precautionary measure.
it has asked member farmers to send milk to the main collection centre, said girish chitale, a partner of the dairy which supplies milk to mumbai and pune.
police today provided some escort vehicles to give protection to milk collection tankers, he said.
farmer organisations are demanding waiver of agriculture loans and better prices for produce, among other things.
in nashik, farmers are also opposing the proposed mumbai-nagpur `samruddhi corridor' (expressway), which will require acquisition of farmland.
shiv sena to join fadnavis govt tomorrow, no dy cm postmumbai, dec 4, 2014, (ians) 15:23 istafter an acrimonious split, bjp and shive sena are together again with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today announcing that sena will be joining his government tomorrow in keeping with the mandate and will get 12 ministerial berths but there will be no deputy cm.
however, fadnavis did not reveal the portfolios to be given to sena, which was understood to be eyeing the key home department, held by the chief minister, besides demanding the deputy chief minister's post.
it is the desire of the people of maharashtra that bjp and shiv sena should be part of the government, the chief minister told reporters at a joint press conference with senior sena leaders, 70 days after the two parties had snapped ties ending their 25-year-old alliance ahead of the assembly elections.
12 ministers from sena, including five of cabinet rank will be inducted, he said, ruling out having a deputy chief minister's post.
for now, 10 sena ministers will take oath.
the announcement came after days of parleys between the two parties which saw hard-bargaining for portfolios.
the swearing in will take place at 4 pm at the vidhan bhawan premises.
at present the fadnavis ministry's strength is 10, including the chief minister.
eight of them are of cabinet rank.
people voted against congress and ncp.
we could not take decisions on some issues.
so bjp formed government.
workers of bjp and sena wanted both the parties to be in government.
even legislators of both the parties wanted us to be in government together, he said.
i spoke to uddhavji that the sena should join the government and he responded positively.
union minister dharmendra pradhan held talks with him and later on all of us worked out the modalities, he said.
we will form a coordination committee and will jointly contest zilla parishad and municipal polls, he said.
we are two different parties and we have our own views on various issues, the chief minister said.
we took a stance to be in the government together keeping in view the mandate people have given.
we respect the mandate.
senior sena leader subhash desai, who was present along with fadnavis, said both the parties have decided to provide a strong government to maharashtra.
our effort will be to provide good governance.
we are confident that we will respect the mandate given by people of maharashtra, desai said.
the 25-year-old bjp-shiv sena alliance had ended on september 25, just two days before deadline for filing papers for the october 15 assembly polls ended, amid continued deadlock over seat-sharing.
we have conveyed our decision to snap ties to shiv sena.
bjp has 121 mlas in the 288-member house.
the ncp, which has 41 mlas, had announced outside support to the state government, which was sworn in on october 31.
a miffed sena sat in the opposition and its leader eknath shinde was given leader of opposition status.
but some in bjp were wary of ncp chief sharad pawar and were making attempts to rope in sena, which has 63 mlas.
with sena now set to join the government, fadnavis can breathe easy during the winter session of legislature, beginning at nagpur on december 8.
today's announcement was preceded by a veiled attack by fadnavis on senior shiv sena leader ramdas kadam last week over the latter's remarks about bjp fooling sena on the issue of power sharing talks.
my request is that if only those who are official interlocutors talk (to media), then the process will move ahead, he had said.
two days after bjp formally resumed talks with sena on the issue of joining the government, sena leader ramdas kadam had accused the estranged ally of fooling his party by purposefully dragging on power-sharing deliberations.
no clean chit to raje's son, says jaitleynew delhi, june 24, 2015, dhns: 1:20 ista day after union transport minister nitin gadkari rallied behind beleaguered rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and her family in lalitgate, his cabinet colleague arun jaitley said on tuesday that rajes son, dushyant singh, is yet to get a clean chit.
jaitley, who is on official trip to the united states, told reporters that assessing authorities would continue to do their job with regard to the probe into the over rs 11 crore transaction between dushyant and disgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi.
he also asserted that his previous remarks on the issue were misinterpreted.
attributing to the finance minister, news reports had stated that jaitley was of the view that the dealing between the two was commercial transaction which gave the opposition enough ground to criticise him for influencing the investigating agencies.
lalit modi, settled in london since 2010 when money laundering charges against him were being probed by agencies, continued to dig out hidden old details to take potshots at jaitley, congress leader rajeev shukla and former bcci chief n srinivasan.
at a time when union minister sushma swaraj, raje and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria have drawn ire for meeting controversial cricket administrator in the uk, lalit modi himself tweeted to reveal that even jaitley met him alone at a london hotel while he was leader of opposition in rajya sabha.
mr @arunjaitley whilst you were leader of the opposition did u meet mr lalit modi alone in #london for hours at the #stjamescourt taj hotel, he posted.
he also said that srinivasan has met jaitley three times after he became finance minister but accused the media of forgetting it.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is under pressure to take a decision, has got a report on mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria meeting with his former-ipl boss in the uk without bringing it to the notice of the earlier congress regime.
bal thackeray memorial to come up at mumbai mayor's bungalowmumbai,nov 17, 2015 (pti) 15:47 istsetting aside irritants in their ties, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today came together to pay tributes to sena founder bal thackeray on his death anniversary and announced the plan to set up a grand memorial for him at the mayor's bungalow in shivaji park area here.
balasaheb was the man responsible for making the alliance of bjp and shiv sena.
he had been a guiding light for all of us who helped make maharashtra that is respected everywhere.
the announcement marked days of deliberations on the site of the memorial to be built for bal thackeray, who founded shiv sena and steered it to become a central political force in the state.
after i had announced the construction of a memorial, we set up an empowered committee headed by the chief secretary and secretaries of the gad, udd, mumbai police commissioner and bmc commissioner.
the chief minister said the committee suggested eight places, and after extensive deliberations with uddhav, the final place was decided.
sena leaders subhash desai and anil desai visited all these places and we have finally decided that the memorial will come up at mayor's bungalow, he said.
the broad framework of the memorial has been decided.
the intricacies will now be worked out.
the names of other members of this trust will be announced in 2-3 days, he said.
the mayor's bungalow is a heritage site.
it cannot be pulled down.
but, the memorial will come up at this place and the mayor will be shifted to another designated bungalow.
that bungalow is more beautiful than this, he said.
balasaheb's contributions cannot be measured in terms of money.
thus, we have decided whatever be the cost, everything will be borne by the state government, he said.
uddhav thanked the chief minister for not merely speaking about the memorial, but working on it constructively as well.
balasaheb's memorial will be built in a way that everything about him will be known to a person who visits it.
anyone from any part of the world will get every detail of balasaheb at the memorial, thackeray said.
kasuri's book launched despite sena protestmumbai, oct 12, 2015, pti: 20:55 istunfazed by the shiv sena protest and blackening of the face of sudheendra kulkarni, the organisers went ahead with the launch of former pakistan foreign minister ahmed kasuri's book 'neither a hawk, nor a dove' at a function here.
the event was held amidst tight security for the visiting dignitary in the wake of shiv sena' threat to disrupt the function despite appeals to it to give up its protest.
kasuri himself echoed the sentiments after the morning's event outside the house of kulkarni, chairman of the observer research foundation (orf), the think-tank and organiser of the book launch show, had left a bad taste when shiv sena activists smeared black paint on his face.
i would like to thank chief minister mr devendrafadnavis for providing excellent protection (provided to him) ever since i landed in mumbai airport (last evening), he said at the book launch.
taking a jibe at shiv sena, kulkarni welcomed the former pakistan minister to the megapolis of mumbai in marathi.
i also express my deepest gratitude to all of you who have come to attend the function notwithstanding the extra ordinary circumstances in which it is being held.
this shows your resolve, our resolve and common resolve, the resolve of millions of mumbaikars to defend the values of tolerance and diversity, kulkarni said while making opening remarks at the event held at nehru centre in mumbai.
it was attended among others by noted lawyer and historian a g noorani, journalist dileep padgaonkar and film actor naseeruddin shah, who were panelists at the launch.
without naming shiv sena, kulkarni evoked president pranab mukherjee's recent remarks that tolerance and diversity and core values of indian civilisation and these must be defended, he said adding we shall defend them.
terming mumbai as a tolerant, inclusive, liberal, democratic and multi-faith city, kulkarni said the mega polis celebrates diversity of every kind including diversity of thoughts and opinions.
mumbai cherishes the right to dissent.
mala maay marathi baddal, marathi mumbai baddal apaar abhiman aahe.
mumbai maharashtriy aahe, parantu tyachyadhi mumbai rashtriy aahe, aantarrashtriy aahe (i am immensely proud of marathi, mumbai.
mumbai is maharashtrian, but before that it is national and international city), he added.
he said mumbai has a very special place in india's freedom movement with mahatma gandhi and muhammed ali jinnah spending maximum years substantial part of their lives in the city, which served as karma bhumi of the both the leaders and attributed the book launch function as an effort to undo the mistakes of the past between the two nations.
he referred to a line from the book na banduk se na goli se, baat banegi boli se insisting dialogue between the two countries must go on irrespective of circumstances.
on his part, kasuri said his purpose behind writing the book was to correct perceptions amongst people of the neighbouring nations.
kulkarni also thanked the principled stand taken by fadnavis over the issue and providing security for the event.
nagpur/mumbai, jul 30 , 2015, pti: 14:03 istthe body of yakub memon, who was hanged in nagpur this morning for his role in the 1993 mumbai serial bomb blasts, was handed over to his family which flew it to mumbai for last rites amid tight security with city police disallowing any procession.
security has been stepped up in mumbai, especially in mahim area where yakub's family resides as well as other sensitive localities of the metropolis, and over 400 people have been detained as a preventive measure.
quick response teams of police, formed after the 26/11 terrorist attacks, have been deployed at a few places, including the al hussaini building where the memon family lives and in marine lines, where the burial arrangements have been made.
yakub's brother suleiman and cousin usman, who were camping in nagpur since yesterday, received the body which was taken to airport and flown to mumbai.
the two boarded the same flight.
suleiman had moved an application last evening to the nagpur jail authorities requesting that the body be handed over to the family.
the request was accepted and accordingly, the body was wrapped in 'kafan' (shroud) and placed in a tightly sealed coffin box.
mumbai police has not allowed yakub's family to carry the body in a procession and has made arrangements to perform the burial at a cemetery in marine lines, where heavy police force has been deployed.
we have not permitted yakub's family to reach the cemetery in any procession taking into account law and order situation and only those very close to the family would be taking part in his last rites, a senior police officer said.
we have already gathered personal details of the people who would be with yakub's family, he added.
since yakub's father abdul razzak and some other family members were buried at the marine lines cemetery, yakub's family has wished to perform his last rites there, another police officer said.
alternative arrangements have also been made for burial at the mahim cemetery, he said.
we are monitoring and reviewing the security arrangements regularly, mumbai police spokesperson dhananjay kulkarni said.
mumbai police have detained nearly 405 people as a preventive measure to maintain law and order in the wake of yakub's hanging.
all the people who are detained are on police record, who might disturb the communal harmony or create disturbance in the city, said dcp (detection) dhananjay kulkarni.
police are also keeping a close eye on any inflammatory statement by religious or political leaders and have warned of strict action against anyone violating law.
the burial will take place in a muslim cemetery after the usual last prayer 'namaj-e-janaja' later today.
tight security arrangements were made in and around the central prison in nagpur.
quick response teams were deployed and authorities also clamped section 144 of crpc (unlawful assembly) last evening.
a large number of onlookers gathered at some distance outside the jail.
yakub was hanged till death in the 'fansi yard' under supervision of jail superintendent yogesh desai.
a team of doctors declared him dead after about half-and-hour of the scheduled hanging, when his body was brought down.
chief judicial magistrate of nagpur m m deshpande was present in the fansi yard.
she read out the operating part of the tada court order which awarded capital punishment to yakub before he was made to stand on a stool and the lever pulled by the hangman.
yakub, who was the lone convict sent to gallows in the serial blasts which claimed 257 lives across the financial capital of country in 1993, lost a series of legal battles for stay on his execution.
mumbai, jul 30, 2015 (pti) 22:43 istmaharashtra government actively kept tabs on the internet and social media to ensure that hate messages on platforms like twitter and whatsapp did not stir up passions, besides maintaining a close vigil on the law and order situation in connection with yakub memon's execution.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis stayed awake until the wee hours today, monitoring the law and order situation and following up the development on the supreme court front in the case, a senior official told pti.
special attention was given to the message traffic on the yakub memon case on social media and untoward messages which could have spread hatred among various sections of society were blocked, the official said.
hate posts were not limited merely to the virtual world but in nasik and some other places, authorities removed offensive banners which painted yakub as a traitor and sought to celebrate his execution, he added.
resolve boundary dispute before kalasa-banduri: shiv sena mpbelagavi, oct 31, 2015, dhns: 1:51 istshiv sena leader and rajya sabha member sanjay raut has urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis not to hold talks with karnataka on kalasa-banduri nala project until the karnataka-maharashtra boundary row was resolved.
in a letter written to fadnavis on oct 27, raut stated karnataka wants to divert waters of kalasa-banduri through a canal and it has been exploring out of court settlement as its stand was weak before mahadayi river water dispute tribunal.
maharashtra government should give a serious thought to kalasa-banduri project and set preconditions for talks on the drinking water project.
it should not hold talks with karnataka on kalasa-banduri project until the vexed boundary dispute was resolved.
the maharashtra government should ask the advocate general to discuss the boundary row with mes leaders, shiv sena mp urged the chief minister.
there is a suit on the 60-year-old karnataka-maharashtra boundary dispute pending before the apex court for the past 10 years.
shiv sena frowns over inducting suresh prabhu in union cabinetmumbai, nov 8, 2014, (ians): 18:48 istthe shiv sena is apparently unhappy with the bjp's plans to induct former union minister and technocrat suresh prabhu into the union cabinet and give him a plum portfolio, party leaders said here saturday.
prime minister narendra modi is believed to be keen to induct prabhu - whose performance in critical ministries in the nda-i had been praised by all parties - and may give him the responsibility of the railways portfolio.
we have many more experienced and deserving mps who need to be encouraged.
the party is not clear how this will come (prabhu's inclusion in the cabinet) from our (shiv sena) quota.
we are still discussing it and will finalise the decision shortly, a shiv sena leader told ians, requesting anonymity.
however, party spokesperson and rajya sabha member sanjay raut said it was modi's prerogative to decide whom he wished to induct into his cabinet.
the bjp had requested for suresh prabhu's name.
he is highly experienced and his work in the past has also been appreciated.
we shall wait for uddhav thackeray's final decision in the matter, raut said.
he also confirmed that the shiv sena has nominated rajya sabha member anil desai's name for induction into the union cabinet to be expanded for the first time sunday.
the official announcement on both desai and prabhu - both hailing from mumbai with roots in goa - is expected only later saturday night or sunday morning by thackeray, a party leader said.
it will entirely depend on the outcome of talks for power sharing in maharashtra.
if it does not get resolved amicably and honourably, the party will decide its future strategy accordingly, the leader said, hinting at snapping ties with the national democratic alliance.
the 25-year-long relationship between the shiv sena and the bharatiya janata party has been on a downslide since the past few months, culminating in the bjp snapping ties with the shiv sena sep 25, just three weeks before the oct 15 maharashtra assembly election.
the bjp is also peeved that while speaking of joining the state government, the shiv sena is using pressure tactics by hobnobbing with the nationalist congress party in a bid to change the state power equations.
ncp president sharad pawar saturday confirmed in pune that shiv sena leaders had indeed met him, but claimed they did not put up any proposal before him.
a few days ago, ajit pawar had dropped a bombshell by claiming that the congress had approached the ncp for help to install a shiv sena government with outside support from the two parties - congress and ncp - as it fitted in the numbers game in the 288-member assembly.
however, with desai's nomination, the bjp is hopeful of a positive attitude from the shiv sena on the ticklish issue of sharing power in maharashtra where chief minister devendrafadnavis will face a crucial floor test of his minority government nov 12.
now, women seek entry into haji ali dargahmumbai, jan 28, 2016, pti: 20:58 istmuslim women today staged a protest demanding entry into a restricted area of the haji ali dargah here, a stir that came amid a campaign by a group seeking right for female devotees to offer prayers at inner sanctum of shani shingnapur temple in maharashtra.
several activists belonging to muslim women groups held placards demanding entry for females into the sanctum sanctorum of the historic dargah, which receives hundreds of devotees everyday.
a participant said it was male patriarchy, and not religion, which was imposing restrictions on women.
this is against tenets of islam.
the constitution has given you equal rights, islam supports the constitution, she added.
a muslim women's rights group is locked in a legal battle with trustees of the haji ali dargah, which has barred women's entry into mosque's mausoleum.
the bombay high court is hearing a petition challenging the haji ali trust's decision to ban the entry of women in the sanctum sanctorum of the dargah (grave of a male muslim saint).
on january 18, the hc said it would wait for supreme courts ruling on entry of women in sabarimala temple of kerala before deciding on the plea related to the dargah.
a bench of justices v m kanade and reveti mohite-dere had said both matters involved entry of women in the religious shrines, and hence they would like to see what view the apex court would take on the issue before deciding on the pil pending before them.
the next hc hearing will take place on february 3.
the protest in mumbai broke out two days after members of a group, bhumata brigade, were prevented by police from entering into shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district to break a 400-year-old tradition banning women from entering its sacred sanctum.
after the high-voltage march to the temple by the bhumata brigade volunteers, which was foiled mid-way, chief minister devendrafadnavis called for a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out of the row.
the popular shrine is dedicated to lord shani, who personifies the planet saturn in hindu belief.
women devotees are not permitted on the 'chauthara' (sacred platform) of the temple as per the centuries-led tradition followed at the shrine.
aaditya thackeray discusses mumbai nightlife plan with cmmumbai, feb 17, 2015, (pti) 17:40 istyuva sena chief aaditya thackeray said here he has discussed plans for revival of the vibrant mumbai nightlife with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
i had a meeting with @cmomaharashtra on my proposal for #mumbainightlife.
i will tweet details soon, good news, he posted on twitter yesterday.
necessary laws would be amended so that the financial capital can have a nightlife by the end of the year, he later told a tv channel.
the 1.
30 am deadline for restaurants and bars is likely to be discarded after the laws are amended, 24-year-old aaditya, the son of shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, said.
malls, clubs could stay open 24x7, along with chemists and convenience stores, he tweeted earlier.
non-residential areas like kala ghoda, nariman point, bkc can be special entertainment zones at night, he added.
eateries, cafes, milk shops, chemists and malls and mill-malls (with all their establishments) can be given the option of staying open, he had said in a tweet.
aaditya had also recently on twitter thanked mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria for his nod to the proposal of nightlife.
mrityunjay bose, nashik/trimbakeshwar, dhns: july 14, 2015, dhns 23:52 istthe simhastha maha kumbh mela, one of the largest congregations of hindu religion and faith and a melting pot of different indian cultures, commenced in the ancient pilgrimage town of nashik and the adjoining temple town of trimbakeshwar on tuesday morning, with lakhs of people taking a dip at the holy godawari river.
at 6:16 am, the traditional flags were hoisted at ramkund in nashik town and at kushavrat teerth at trimbakeshwar, one of the 12 sacred jotirlingas, which is 30 km away from nashik town, marking the beginning of the kumbh mela.
in trimbakeshwar, union home minister rajnath singh presided over the main event while in nashik, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis was present along with senior colleagues  finance and planning minister sudhir mungantiwar and water resources minister girish mahajan and mahant gyandas, the president of akhil bharatiya akhada parishad.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray too visited trimbakeshwar and nashik and offered prayers and met the sadhus who had converged here from the once-in-a-12-year event.
when the flag was hoisted at nashik, a helicopter hovered over ramkund, showering flower petals drawing cheers from the devotees who had assembled from all parts of india even as chants of siyaramchandra ki jai, bhakt hanuiman ki jai, lakhanlal ki jai, ram laxman janki, jai bolo hanuman ki rent the air.
maharashtra govt hikes vat on petrol, diesel to help farmersmumbai, oct 1, 2015, dhns 0:34 istin a bid to help drought-hit farmers in the state, maharashtra government has hiked value added tax on petrol and diesel by rs 2 per litre.
vat on liquor, cigarettes and beverages have been increased by five per cent, while surcharge on vat for gold and diamond jewellery will be 1.
20 per cent.
the hikes came into effect from midnight wednesday and will be reviewed before the budget for the next financial year.
the exchequer will get an additional revenue of rs 1,600 crore, finance, planning and forest minister sudhir mungantiwar told reporters at mantralaya, the state secretariat, after the weekly cabinet meeting.
because of the reduction in prices of petrol and diesel, there has been a revenue deficit of rs 300 crore per month.
.
.
.
.
.
the government has also decided to waive off lbt on petrol and diesel.
this will result in total loss of rs 1,800 crore to the state treasury, he said.
the minister said the additional burden on state exchequer for drought relief will be rs 7,500 crore.
the severe drought has hit vidarbha and marathwada regions, causing a steep rise in the number of farmer suicides this year.
among the districts, osmanabad, beed and latur are the worst hit.
scribe killed in m'rashtra; cm assures actionthane/mumbai, july 18, 2015, dhns: 23:21 ista journalist based in thane was reportedly murdered under mysterious circumstances while two others were attacked after they had gone to cover a raid on a bar at mira road-bhayander suburbs of mumbai in the wee hours of friday.
the body of the deceased journalist, raghavendra dube, who ran a local news weekly, was found in a pool of blood near sk stone in mira road suburbs.
the body bore several injury marks and was sent for autopsy.
according to reports, santosh mishra and shashi sharma had gone to the white house orchestra bar in naya nagar area of mira road, which was raided by the police and some bar dancers were rescued.
the duo was attacked by the staff members of the bar as they were covering the raid.
both suffered serious injuries.
dube, after learning about the raid and the attack on fellow professionals, went to the spot and later to the mira road police station.
it is not clear, however, whether dube had reached there on his own or was called.
he was reportedly attacked with iron roads and sustained severe head injuries.
we are making a detailed probe and ascertaining whether the two incidents are linked, rajesh pradhan, superintendant of police, thane rural, said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has assured journalists bodies that speedy action would be taken.
the mumbai press club, maharashtra patrakar parishad, bombay news photographers association and others are demanding attacks on journalists non-bailable offence.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday took a serious note of the malfunctioning of the evms but rejected that it resulted in the defeat of the other political parties.
this is something serious.
for some parties, it is 'when we win evms are good, when we lose evms are bad', he said, adding that because of malfunction of evms it was the bjp that got affected the worst.
evms need to be intact and functioning.
.
.
as it's a constitutional obligation to ensure that everyone gets a chance to vote, he said.
shani shingnapur issue now in maharashtra cm's courtahmednagar/mumbai: feb 7, 2016, dhns: 0:50 istthe vexed issue of whether or not to allow women to enter the sanctum sanctorum of the shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district on saturday reached the court of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis after the meeting of the temple administration and protesting womens body remained inconclusive.
among those who were present at the meeting include ahmednagar district collector anil kawade, superintendent of police saurabh tripathi, trupti desai of the bhumata ranragini brigade, who is spearheading the protests and anita shetye, chairperson of shri shanaishwar devasthan shani shingnapur-newasa and members of shanishwar devasthan bachao kruti samiti headed by shambajiraje patil.
though the talks remained inconclusive, both the sides expressed happiness over the talks, but they remained firm on their stand.
in the meeting, it was unanimously decided to refer the matter to the chief minister.
whatever the chief minister decides, we will accept.
the chief minister is a progressive manwe are sure that we will come out with a positive decision.
we have been waiting for long for our rights, said trupti, who is expected to meet fadnavis in mumbai on tuesday or wednesday.
we have conveyed our feelings at the meeting.
our stand is known, said sambhaji dahatonde, a zilla parishad member from shani shingnapur.
however, he added: we have to go through discussions.
no decision is taken in just one meeting.
in a significant step, ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on wednesday reached out to india inc and bollywood as a part of party's sampark se samarthan (contact to seek support) campaign.
during his day-long visit to mumbai, bjp president amit shah met actor madhuri dixit-nene and former tata group chairman ratan tata.
shah apprised them of the work done by prime minister narendra modi and his team in the last four years.
during the visits, shah was accompanied by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
shah was also scheduled to meet singer lata mangeshkar, however, it was cancelled as she was not keeping well.
i was to meet amit shah ji but since i am down because of food poisoning i spoke to him over the phone and told him that next time when he comes to mumbai i would meet him, lata tweeted.
these visits are part of a major outreach programme to reach out to different segments of the society.
fadnavis later tweeted photos of their meeting with madhuri and ratan tata.
as always, it was inspiring to meet shri ratan tata ji with mananiya @amitshah ji as a part of @bjp4india sampark for samarthan abhiyan !
we also presented him a book on chhatrapati shivaji maharaj on auspicious #shivrajyabhishek din !
@rntata2000 #samparkforsamarthan, he tweeted.
in another tweet, he noted: met smt @madhuridixit nene, dr nene and family with mananiya @amitshah ji as a part of sampark for samarthan, an initiative to meet dignitaries to share the historic decisions and achievements of hon pm @narendramodi jis government in 4 years!
#samparkforsamarthan.
in the past few days, shah has met former indian army chief general (retd) dalbir singh suhag, scholar and former lok sabha secretary-general subhash kashyap and cricketer kapil dev, former chief justice of india r c lahoti and yoga guru baba ramdev to widen the bjp's acceptability among popular apolitical members of the society.
dabholkar murder: two years on, mystery remainspune, aug 20, 2015 (ians) 19:44 istit has been exactly two years since rationalist narendra dabholkar was shot dead here, but his killers continue to elude the law.
in protest, several hundred activists, including his wife and two children, held a march here on thursday.
dabholkar, a medico-turned-campaigner against superstititions and black magic who headed the andhashraddha nirmoolan samiti (ans), was gunned down by motorcycle-borne assailants during a morning walk on august 20, 2013.
it has been two years and investigators are yet to achieve a breakthrough.
we have a single-point demand: nab his killers, said his daughter mukta dabholkar, who with her brother hamid have been carrying forward their father's legacy.
stung by severe criticism over the failure of the investigators, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday announced a team of police officials to assist the central bureau of investigation (cbi), which is handling the case.
the team would include an assistant commissioner of police, four inspectors and two sub-inspectors.
in a sensational disclosure on thursday, senior congress leader narayan rane said then home minister, the late r.r. patil, was close to cracking the case.
i would like to tell you, r.r. (patil) was close to cracking the case.
.
.
and i am witness to it, rane told mediapersons.
he dismissed the present government's moves alleging that with fadnavis at the helm, i am sure they would not be able to reach the killers.
earlier in pune, protesters gathered at 7.
55 a.
m.
at the exact spot and time when dabholkar was shot dead, and marched from omkareshwar bridge to mehendale garage, around two kilometres, carrying placards and banners and raising slogans.
the dabholkar siblings, along with their mother shaila, led the march of rationalist-activists who wore black bands.
in attendance at the protest march was sandip shetty, brother of slain rti activist satish shetty, slain communist leader govind pansare's daughter smita, film stars, social activists and prominent citizens from across the state.
the march caps a year-long campaign, including street plays, performed to highlight dabholkar's ideology and marches all over maharashtra.
it is a shame that the government has failed to nab the assailants even two years after the murder, hamid said.
earlier, he accused the government of trying to hide something since all evidence have been handed over but there had been no breakthrough.
for nearly a year, maharashtra police tried to crack the case but without success.
the case was handed over to the cbi in may 2014.
in may 2015, the cbi released the sketches of two suspects in the killing but no further progress has been made.
in the past two years, police questioned nearly a 1,000 people, including 'tantriks', godmen and black magicians against whom dabholkar campaigned vigorously all his life.
dabholkar's killing prompted the government to enact the maharashtra prevention and eradication of human sacrifice and other inhuman, evil and aghori practices, and black magic act, 2013.
it is popular as the anti-superstitions and black magic law.
'central team on cauvery has understood gravity of situation'mangaluru, oct 10, 2016, dhns 0:03 istchief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said he believes that the central team that visited the cauvery basin areas has understood the gravity of the situation in karnataka.
he expressed confidence that karnataka would get justice with regard to the cauvery issue after the expert committee submits its report to the supreme court.
he told reporters at the mangalore international airport, we have apprised the team of the severe water shortage in the states cauvery basin.
the team visited reservoirs and areas to assess ground realities, including crop losses and drinking water requirement.
hopefully, the supreme court will take into consideration our point of view during the hearing on october 18.
asked on the mahadayi water dispute, he said he will attend the meeting convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to sort out the issue.
siddaramaiah said that after the mahadayi water disputes tribunal had asked the states concerned to resolve the dispute amicably, he had written to his goa and maharashtra counterparts as well as prime minister narendra modi, offering to host the first round of discussions.
gokarna templesiddaramaiah clarified that there is no proposal before the government either to appoint an administrator to sri ramachandrapura mutt or take over the mahabaleshwara temple at gokarna in uttara kannada district.
the confusion was because of a pil in the high court.
the court had sought to know the governments stand on it.
the advocate general will submit in the court, the governments stand on the ramachandrapura mutt and the gokarna temple, he added.
on his son dr yathindra, siddaramaiah said he had just introduced him to the electorate of his constituency.
is it an offence to introduce my son to the electorate?
my elder son rakesh was looking after my constituency and now dr yathindra is shouldering the responsibility.
he denied the charges that dr yathindra was holding meetings with officials and said, how can he conduct an official meeting.
he is knowledgeable.
he said the state budget will not be advanced unlike the union budget and presented in march.
mrityunjay bose in mumbai, september 25, 2016 0:04 istonce impregnable by military standards, a majority of the forts in mumbai, the commercial capital of the country, are in ruins.
the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr), which comprises parts of coastal districts of thane, palghar and raigad, has close to three dozen small, medium and big forts.
mumbai city itself has around a dozen forts.
these include forts on land, in sea and on mountains.
added to them are the grid of tunnels and several caves, which are of immense importance because of their historical and heritage value.
these forts also show that geography has influenced history, economics and politics.
the forts withstood the ravages of time for centuries but commercial development of land and neglect from the authorities are threatening their existence.
every fort or garrison has its own history and heritage.
some of them are under the jurisdiction of archaeological survey of india while many come under the directorate of archaeology and museums of maharashtra.
the maharashtra tourism development corporation is working with various agencies to protect the forts.
the forts in mmr have unique mix with imprints of marathas, east india company, british raj, portuguese, mughals, siddis and provide insight into developments close to five centuries.
it is from raigad fort that shivaji laid the foundation of the hindavi swaraj and the britishers had called it the gibraltar of the east as the well-fortified structure atop a hill had withstood repeated attacks.
it was here that shivaji built his capital city.
also, the maharashtra government has appointed chhatrapati sambhajiraje bhosale, a descendant of shivaji and a rajya sabha member, as a brand ambassador to promote forts in maharashtra.
the state wants to conserve important forts.
sambhajiraje said: the heritage policy shall seek to make efforts to convey that rich historical legacy to the world at large.
like rajasthan has marketed its historical forts as tourist destinations, the state too intends to showcase the same through its mtdc.
the government has stated that funds will be earmarked in district planning and development committees for promotion of tourism.
kurush dalal, deputy director, centre for extra-mural studies of the university of mumbai and instucen chandore excavations, said that fort conservation has to be done systematically and scientifically.
the forts need to be notified.
the government must take custody of the forts and remove encroachments and oust people.
we all know of the gym inside worli fort, we are aware of illegal dwellings inside mahim fort, he said.
the government machinery needs to work with independent experts and agencies.
wherever conservation is needed it has to be carried out by a conservation architect and not government contractors.
there is a way of doing things, said dalal.
he pointed out that some enthusiastic experts do more damage in the name of protecting forts and promoting heritage.
in the name of cleaning up tanks, people have made a mess of it.
they have removed the stuff that had accumulated over 100 years.
this could have been used to reconstruct the history and archaeology of that area, he said.
every fort is unique and it has a story to tell, says rafique baghdadi, a journalist, writer, researcher and film critic.
the government and other agencies need to do something on this, he added.
ajit joshi, veteran journalist and heritage expert, said that youths have converted some forts into gymnasiums and some are frequented by drug addicts.
besides, people have scribbled their names on the walls and ramparts.
this is a major issue.
in fact, once the common man starts going to these forts and shows some interest in heritage, many issues would be addressed automatically, he said.
the bombay castle, which touches the arabian sea on the eastern side of south mumbai, is well protected as it is the headquarters of western naval command.
forts protected islands of bombay at one point in time.
some of the forts in mumbai are the sion fort, mahim fort, dongri fort, worli fort and the swree fort.
if one takes into account the western forts  two important forts are the vasai fort and arnala fort, while in the eastern suburbs are belapur fort and kalyan fort.
sandwiched between eastern and western suburbs are the ruins of the ghodbunder fort.
the creeks of dahanu, mahim and dharamtar and rivers like ulhas, vaitarna, tansa, kundalika and mithi had contributed for establishment of forts.
in a paper published by the maritime history society-mumbai, sudha srivastava and dipti mukherji have pointed out: the neighbourhood of mumbai has a fairly large number of forts on the mainlands, headlands and on insular sites.
in the historical past, maritime and coastal trade and power reached great heights primarily dependent on the nature of the coast, taking maximum advantage of the then existing configuration.
joshi sounds caution: in the mmr, there are forts, fortlets, watch towers, hill forts, forest forts, land forts, bastions, coastal forts, island forts, lookout positions.
time is ticking fast else these would disappear.
sena's advise to new bjp govt: don't take people for grantedmumbai, nov 1, 2014 (pti): 14:26 istshiv sena today cautioned new maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
the new government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law.
in this case the mother- in-law is the people of maharashtra.
you cannot take people for granted.
they have the power to pull your ears when you err, an editorial in sena mouthpiece `saamana' said.
this is the first lesson the new government will have to learn, the sena said amid signs of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways on september 25, just weeks before the assembly polls, which saw bjp emerging as the single largest party in the state.
it is true that there is no magic wand to fulfil promises made (during polls) but people of maharashtra are looking at the new government, the first led by bjp, with a lot of hope, the publication said.
mantralaya (the state secretariat) was gutted during the congress-ncp rule but the aspirations of people had turned into ashes much before that.
the new chief minister should ensure that his work is like the proverbial phoenix which rose from the ashes, the sena organ maintained.
describing yesterday's swearing in ceremony of the fadnavis-led ministry as grand (it was also attended by corporate bigwigs), the sena said the poor, and not the rich or money bags, should get the attention of the administration as was the case during shivaji's era.
he should remember that the real strength of shivaji's hindavi swarajya was not the seth and sahukars but the common poor folk.
sena chief uddhav thackeray attended the inauguration ceremony at wankhede stadium after a call from bjp president amit shah and other leaders.
the party had earlier announced it would keep off the mega event, attended by prime minister narendra modi, citing constant humiliation by bjp ahead of government formation.
sena mp vinayak raut yesterday said shah has assured uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the bjp government.
asked about reports that sena had demanded deputy chief minister's post and threatened to sit in opposition if bjp didn't comply, state bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari said, we don't comment on any unofficial report.
when contacted, a sena leader expressed ignorance about any such ultimatum by the party, but added there was no harm if the regional outfit, which has 63 mlas, got the key post.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who took charge yesterday, will seek a vote of confidence in his government during a special session of the assembly beginning on november 11, official sources had said yesterday.
governor c vidyasagar rao has given fadnavis 15 days from the day of his government is sworn in to prove its majority in the 288-member house.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray made a last-minute appearance at the swearing in ceremony of the first bjp government in maharashtra yesterday, raising the possibility of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways just three weeks ahead of the october 15 assembly polls.
uddhav held talks with bjp president amit shah after the mega event.
it was not known what transpired at the brief meeting that took place in the wankhede stadium premises.
however, sena mp vinayak raut later said shah has assured uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the new government.
but it was not yet clear when talks between the two parties will resume to arrive at a mutually acceptable power- sharing arrangement.
mumbai, oct 3, 2015 (pti) 15:20 istcatholic church in india has demanded ban on the play 'agnes of god', an adaptation of american playwright john pielmeier's drama about a nun giving birth to a dead child, alleging it is a wrongful portrayal of priests and nuns committed to a life of celibacy and hurts the sentiments of the christians.
according to the catholic bishops conference of india (cbci), the play is the wrongful portrayal of the character of lakhs of clergy, who are committed to a life of celibacy.
we have written to chief minister devendrafadnavis and also other chief ministers to ban the play as it hurts religious sentiments, catholic secular forum (csf) general secretary joseph dias told pti here today.
he, however, said the csf has no plan to obstruct the upcoming performance of the play in mumbai.
there is no question of halting that performance as it is to be staged before an invited audience at the national centre for the performing arts (ncpa, though it was originally planned at sophia hall, dias said.
the play has been made by a group whose earlier work was 'vagina monologues'.
they are not christians and they did not involve or consult the church.
the play questions the sacrifice of nuns.
now, they will sell the tickets for hundreds of rupees, dias said.
the cbci, the body of catholic bishops in the country, has written to union home ministry seeking a countrywide ban on the play holding that it was misrepresentation of the religious belief of the christian community.
the reason why the catholic church is against such a play is that it is the wrongful portrayal of the character of lakhs of our clergy, who are committed to a life of celibacy, the cbci letter said.
director of the play, kaizaad kotwal, has approached police to pursue his plea seeking protection for himself and the lead cast including thespian actor mahabanoo mody-kotwal.
the play is an adaptation of a 1982 broadway production by pielmeier, reportedly based on a true incident in the us, narrating the story of a novice nun who gives birth and insists that the child was the result of a virgin conception.
the project, estimated to cost rs.949 crore, will be executed by infrastructure major larsen & toubro (l&t) across the city and suburbs, he said on the occasion of the completion of 100 days of the bjp-shiv sena government.
the cctvs network would ensure safer city of the citizens and help mumbai police maintain law and order and augment traffic management.
the plan was first announced by the erstwhile congress-ncp government soon after the 26/11 mumbai terror attacks, but was stalled as four tenders floated for the project failed to elicit a response.
the project shall be implemented in three phases with south mumbai expected to be under cctv cover by november, followed by the second phase covering north and east mumbai by april 2016.
in the third phase, central and western mumbai will be covered by september 2016, ensuring a holistic and integrated video surveillance system to enhance safety and security, he said.
the city's long coastline would also get 20 thermal cameras to keep watch on movements in the arabian sea - the route taken by the pakistani terrorists to sneak into mumbai and launch the nov 26, 2008 terror attack.
the cctv network shall be monitored by two command centres at the police commissioner's office and in kalina in the suburbs, while traffic police headquarters will get a centre for traffic management.
the system will enable viewing of feeds at all local police stations, offices of additional police commissioners and deputy police commissioners, besides state-of-the-art applications to manage and store the videos.
m'rashtra announces rs 7,000 cr drought reliefnagpur/mumbai, dec 12, 2014, dhns: 23:11 istthe maharashtra government on thursday announced a rs 7,000-crore financial package to extend relief to drought-affected farmers of marathwada and vidarbha regions.
the announcement was made by chief minister devendrafadnavis in the maharashtra assembly in nagpur, where the winter session is underway.
for two days, the drought situation was discussed in detail  with the opposition parties  congress and ncp  mounting pressure on the bjp-shiv sena government demanding immediate declaration of a package.
the loans taken by drought-affected farmers  nearly five lakh  from private moneylenders would be cleared by the government and three months electricity bills would be waived off as an exception taking into consideration the circumstances.
cms of guj, maha, karnataka to be in beijing during pm visitnew delhi, may 8, 2015 (pti) 20:03 istchief ministers from gujarat, maharashtra and karnataka will be in beijing next week when prime minister narendra modi undertakes his first visit there, with focus expected to be on attracting investments for their states.
gujarat chief minister anandiben patel, her counterpart from maharashtra devendrafadnavis and karnataka's siddaramaiah will not be part of the prime minister's entourage but will travel separately to be in beijing when modi reaches there, sources said here today.
the chief ministers will be attending a programme in beijing to be addressed by the prime minister, the sources said.
the focus of the visit of the chief ministers is expected to be attracting investments for their states.
modi, who will be in china from may 14 to 16, has expressed confidence that the trip will lay the foundation for enhancing cooperation in a wide range of sectors and strengthen stability, progress and prosperity in asia.
in china, he said, he will visit xi'an, the native place of president xi jinping, besides beijing and shanghai.
looking forward to visiting china from may 14-16 to boost friendship between our 2 ancient civilizations & 2 largest developing nations, he had tweeted in english and chinese two days back.
i eagerly await productive discussions with president xi jinping & premier li keqiang.
i am confident my visit will lay the foundation for further enhancing economic co-operation with china in a wide range of sectors, modi had added.
am certain that my visit to china will strengthen stability, progress and prosperity in asia, he added.
he said he was also looking forward to meeting the captains of industry in shanghai and sharing with them the wonderful opportunities india has to offer.
besides china, modi will also be travelling to mongolia and south korea.
maha govt issues loi for acquiring ambedkar house in londonmumbai, jan 28, 2015 (pti) 20:45 istmaharashtra government has issued a letter of intent to india's high commissioner to the uk for acquiring the 2,050 sq ft three-storey house in london where dr babasaheb ambedkar once lived, education minister vinod tawde said here today.
tawde, who visited the house recently, said the state government will acquire it through the high commissioner adding, the house is of cultural and national importance.
tawde had earlier spoken to chief minister devendrafadnavis following which the decision was taken to buy the house that was on the block for rs 35 crores.
earlier this month, mumbai unit bjp president ashish shelar had written to finance minister arun jaitley seeking prime minister's intervention to acquire the house.
this is an emotional issue for ambedkar followers and the people of maharashtra, he had said.
former chief minister prithviraj chavan had also made a request to the union government to buy the property.
towards the end of my term, we had asked the centre to buy this mansion.
it's an international transaction and could have only been carried out by the union government.
i do not know what happened later, chavan had said.
maha govt reconstitutes panel on border dispute with karnatakamumbai, mar 6, 2015 (pti) 13:20 istmaharashtra government has said it had reconstituted a high powered committee on the maharashtra-karnataka border row.
the eight-member panel, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , will comprise senior ncp leader sharad pawar and senior state ministers from both bjp and shiv sena.
leaders of opposition in state legislature will also be part of the panel, according to a government resolution issued recently.
the border dispute between the states is an old row as maharashtra claims belgaum and a few other border areas, which are currently part of karnataka.
a case filed by the maharashtra government is pending before the supreme court.
siddaramaiah invites parsekar, fadnavis for talks on mahadayi rowbengaluru, sep 6, 2016 (pti) 16:33 istdays after the mahadayi water disputes tribunal asked the concerned states to resolve the water dispute amicably, karnataka chiefminister siddaramaiah has written to his goa and maharashtra counterparts offering to host the first round of discussions.
.
.
.
on behalf of the riparian state of karnataka, it would be my pleasure to host the first round of talks.
i sincerely hope you would, in the true spirit of co-operation and collaboration, agree to your state participating in the talks, siddaramaiah said in a letter to goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar.
i, therefore, request you to instruct your state's chief secretary to interact with my state's chief secretary in finalising the date of meeting in this month of september, 2016, the letter, released to the media said.
a similar letter was written to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis inviting him for talks over the issue, the chief minister's office said.
the mahadayi water disputes tribunal had last weekasked chief ministers of goa, karnataka and maharashtra toresolve the water dispute amicably by holding discussions.
karnataka government, which has locked horns with the neighbouring goa on the larger issue of sharing mahadayi river water between both the states, had petitioned the tribunal seeking the release of 7.
56 tmcft of water for the kalasa-banduri nala project.
the tribunal's july 27 interim order after hearing arguments from karnataka and goa had rejected the state's plea citing various grounds, includingecological damage that the project may cause.
challenging this, the state government has filed aspecial leave petition before the supreme court.
following the interim order, tension had gripped most parts of northern karnataka as protests turned violent on july 28 during which government offices were attacked and public property was damaged.
also, a state-wide bandh was observed on july 30.
the kalasa-banduri nala (diversion) project, which will utilise 7.
56 tmcft of water from the inter-state mahadayi river, is being undertaken by karnataka to improve drinking water supply to the twin cities of hubballi-dharwad and the districts of belagavi and gadag.
it involves building barrages across kalasa and banduri, tributaries of mahadayi river, to divert 7.
56 tmc to malaprabha river which fulfils the drinking water needs of the twin cities.
karnataka has for long been advocating for out of court settlement of the issue.
siddaramaiah had led an all party delegation to prime minister narendra modi seeking his intervention.
earlier, goa government had rejected karnataka's attempt for the out of court settlement statingthat the people of the state felt it was more prudent to settle the dispute through the tribunal.
temple gender row: ravi shankar claims to have found solutionpune,feb 8, 2016, pti: 1:42 istmediating on the issue of gender bias at maharashtras shani shingnapur temple, spiritual guru sri sri ravi shankar on sunday claimed to have arrived at a solution that allows both men and women to have darshan of the deity some distance away from the sacred chabutara (platform).
citing two models of facilitating darshan, practised at kashi vishwanath and tirupati balaji temples, ravi shankar said, it is agreed that no one  man or woman  will step on the sacred chabutara at the shanti temple where oil is constantly poured as it can result in possible skidding.
this contentious issue has been settled.
there will not be any discrimination based on gender and all will have equal right of worship, he told a press conference at balewadi near here.
while the temple trustees present at the meeting agreed with ravi shankars formula based on the tirupati balaji darshan model, trupti desai, who led the recent agitation of the bhoomata brigade seeking womens entry into the temples inner sanctum, said, if nobody is to be allowed on the chabutara, the priests who perform pooja of the deity at the sacred platform should include women.
desai said if both men and women are going to be banned from stepping on the chabutara, activists of bhoomata brigade should be given an opportunity to perform the last pooja on the sacred platform in the temple in ahmednagar district, in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and sri sri ravi shankar.
she also said that it was wrong to disallow men to perpetuate ban on women.
sachin speaks out against toll tax in maharashtramumbai, march 13, 2015 (ians) 13:27 istcricketing legend and bharat ratna sachin tendulkar has written to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , drawing his attention to the physical and mental toll on citizens over toll tax.
i am deeply concerned about the present state of affairs concerning the operations of toll gates around the city of mumbai, sachin said in a two-paged letter on letterhead of the rajya sabha, of which he is a nominated member.
the letter was sent to fadnavis on february 20 and was made public on friday.
i would sincerely request you to kindly reconsider the model of operations to reduce the physical and mental toll on citizens who travel in and out of mumbai, the letter said.
he urged the chief minister to ensure that motorists have an easier time navigating the country's commercial capital and reduce the anguish being faced by citizens.
maharashtra pwd minister chandrakant patil and transport minister diwakar raote have largely welcomed tendulkar's initiative on the prickly issue of toll tax.
however, raote of the shiv sena told a private tv channel that by raising this issue, at least sachin finally remembers mumbai and maharashtra.
is he ignorant about the issues plaguing farmers, he retorted at the master-blaster's unexpected sympathy for the people of mumbai and others parts of the state reeling under the burden of toll tax since nearly two decades.
with the growth of the city, there is a lot of travel that happens from satellite towns especially from vashi and thane.
in this context, there is a need to re-look at the number of toll gates rather than keep adding to the list.
these tolls (gates) have become major road blocks resulting in traffic snarls, burning fuel and adding to pollution levels, tendulkar wrote.
moreover, he rued how the hike in the toll tax has added to the woes of people as the time taken to complete the transaction for each vehicle has increased on account of issues of small change (rs.5).
castigating toll operators, tendulkar said they need to invest in technology which can help alleviate the limitations of collecting toll, including using rfid enabled cards within india and other similar solutions used worldwide.
one must bear in mind that mumbai as a city as always lead the way in terms of adoption of technology and modernisation, but sadly we seem to be lagging behind on the convergence of toll collection and technology, he pointed out.
tendulkar also delivered his piece of mind on the conditions of roads and cited the examples of the toll posts connecting vashi and airoli in navi mumbai.
he urged fadnavis to ensure a 24x7 dedicated and open lane for ambulances which routinely get stuck in traffic jams at toll tax lanes.
i have seen on multiple occasions, where ambulances are unable to cross a toll gate as they are stuck in the traffic snarl, compromising the person in need of critical care.
movement of ambulances have been an issue in the city and we should make a start by ensuring smooth passage at the toll gates, tendulkar pleaded.
mumbai, jul 1, 2015 (pti) 18:27 istfacing fresh allegation of flouting rules in awarding contract to build a dam besides the rs 206 'purchase' scam, maharashtra minister pankaja munde rubbished the charges as mere scam of words and said she will step down if found guilty of any charge.
munde, who was away in london last week when the opposition congress accused her of brazen violation of norms in awarding contracts for purchase of 'chiki' and a host of other items for anganwadis, said there was a politically motivated move by the opposition to target her when she was not physically available to defend herself.
all the allegations leveled against me by the opposition are nothing but political in nature, which were purposely brought out when i could not be physically present to put forth my explanation.
it seems that people (opposition) want to somehow prove that there is a scam brewing when there is nothing like this happening in the government, munde, daughter of late bjp stalwart gopinath munde, said at her first press meet after returning home.
the day it is proved that i am guilty of any wrongdoing, i would not consider myself worth holding any government position, let alone the charge of this very important department, she said.
munde, who is also in charge of water conservation, refuted the allegation of flouting norms in awarding a contract to build a dam in jalna district to a private company headed by ratnakar gutte, a functionary of rashtriya samaj paksh (rsp), an ally of the bjp-led alliance and a close associate of the munde family.
there have been pictures of me with ratnakar gutte floating the media.
these pictures do not mean anything.
he (gutte) has only joined the rsp a few months back and we had met at some function where the picture was taken.
but this does not mean i have in any way favoured this person.
we have given all the rights of approvals to district collectors and i have not interfered in any of their decisions, munde said.
she also displayed several pictures of gutte with other ncp leaders.
in a point-by-point rebuttal of allegations against her, munde said no new contractor was brought in the system and that the previous congress-ncp government had made purchases of a much bigger amount through the rate contract system.
today they (congress and ncp) are alleging that since purchases have been done through a rate contract system, this is a scam of rs 206 crore.
but, between 2010-2015, purchases worth rs 408 crore were done through the same rate contract system.
when they do it, it is purchasing and when we do it, it becomes a scam.
my only feeling was that the grants of the centre to this department (women and child development) should not lapse and putting the children to suffer due to lack of nutritious food, she said.
when pointed out that no top bjp leader was present to support her during her briefing unlike when education minister vinod tawde's held a press meet yesterday, munde said no less a person than chief minister devendrafadnavis had come out in her support and she enjoyed the complete backing of her party.
however, housing minister prakash mehta joined her when the press meet was halfway through.
i had spoken to (senior party leaders) sudhir mungantiwar and chandrakant patil before calling this press meet.
they were busy with other engagements and and i did not want to upset their schedule.
so, i decided to go ahead with the press conference without them.
but i have the support of my party and crores of people, she said.
rashtriya samaj paksh leader mahadev jankar, and pankaja's sister and bjp mp preetam munde were also present at the venue.
munde said that she and her department are ready for any probe and that her department will also co-operate with the acb, which has sought details of the purchases.
meanwhile, a civil case was filed today in a district court at ahmednagar seeking a direction to munde as woman and child development minister and the state authorities to ban 'chikki' sold by a local company to tribal students following reports of alleged contamination with clay and other impurities.
the complaint filed by activist hemant patil made district collector of ahmednagar, minister pankaja munde and suryakanta mahila chikki centre, which manufactures the snack, as the respondents in the case.
the case was filed today and posted for hearing after a month, the complainant's lawyer wajid khan told pti.
the lawyer urged the court to waive the notices to the respondents in view of the alleged health hazard posed by the inferior 'chikki' product and prayed for banning it.
it alleged that 11 lakh packets of 'chikki' had been distributed in the market after the state had ordered purchase of this food stuff for tribals.
of this, seven lakh packets are still in the market and need to be recalled immediately as reports of contamination have been received by the district collector.
the complaint alleged that this batch of chikki sold in the market does not contain the manufacture and expiry dates.
earlier, the same activist had filed a public interest litigation in the bombay high court seeking acb probe into the rs 206 crore procurement scam of 'chikki' product.
the pil has urged for a acb probe into the 'scam' and if, necessary, file an fir against the minister concerned and government officers who might be involved in the purchase allegedly in violation of rules.
graft case: fadnavis orders probe against ajit pawarnagpur/mumbai, dec 13, 2014, dhns 0:34 istacb will also investigate two other ncp leadersmaharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has cleared the files for opening a probe by the anti-corruption bureau (acb) against three top nationalist congress party (ncp) leaders  ajit pawar, sunil tatkare and chhagan bhujbal.
pawar, the nephew of ncp supremo sharad pawar and a former deputy chief minister, and tatkare, the state ncp president are being probed for their role in a multi-crore irrigation scam.
pawar is currently an mla from baramati while tatkare is an mlc.
bhujbals role as public works department minister is being probed vis--vis irregularities during the construction of maharashtra sadan in new delhi and two other government buildings in mumbai under ppp-model.
bhujbal, a prominent obc leader, is an mla from yeola.
the acb proposal was with us.
we had already approved it.
there would be an impartial probe and law would take its own course, he said.
fadnavis reaction came after the proceedings at the nagpur bench of the bombay high court on this issue.
i have been authorised by chief minister of maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by acb against ajit pawar, sunil tatkare and chhagan bhujbal, advocate general sunil manohar told the court.
on august 23, the acb had sought permission for a probe against them.
it may be recalled that bjp mp dr kirit somaiya, had from time to time, met acb director general pravin dixit and requested him to expedite the probe.
let them probethat is what they have said before the elections.
it is their government, let them do what they feel is good, pawar said reacting to the development.
tatkare also said he would cooperate with the investigation.
he, however, shot back when asked whether the unconditional support to bjp was to prevent a probe, and said: we had extended the support for stability in the state.
pawar resigned as deputy cm in september 2012 over allegations of irregularities in awarding of 38 irrigation contracts worth rs 20,000 crore in vidarbha region in 2009 without seeking the mandatory clearance from the governing council of the vidarbha irrigation development corporation.
mrutyunjay bose, dh news service, mumbai, jun 11 2017, 19:58 istthe 11-day long farmers strike in maharashtra was called off on sunday evening after successful talks between the high-powered committee and leaders and representatives of various farmers organizations which agreed to most of the demands including an immediate loan waiver for small and marginal farmers.
the deadline of 25 july was set after mutual consultations to implement all the demands.
the dharna and protests outside tehsildar and collector offices on monday and the rail-roko of tuesday, stands suspended, after sunday's successful talks.
discussions between government of maharashtra and representatives of farmers reached a common consensus.
farmers have called off the strike.
.
government agrees for loan waiver for farmers, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
at the meeting of the six-member high-powered committee headed by revenue minister chandrakant patil and farmers representatives including raju shetti, mp, of swabhimani shetkari sagathana, bacchu kadu, mla, and ragunathdada patil and members of the steering committee spearheading the farmers agitation, it was decided that a joint committee would be formed comprising representatives of the government and farmers, to oversee the implementation of the package.
shetti, however, made it clear that in case the 25 july deadline is not met, the agitation would start from 16 july and would be much severe than what was witnessed spread over last two weeks.
government agrees for loan waiver for farmers.
one of the decisions that was taken was that fadnavis would lead a delegation of farmers leaders and experts to prime minister to discuss the implementation of the ms swaminathan committee recommendations.
we have given an in-principle approval for loan waiver for all farmers with certain conditions.
.
it was decided for the loan waiver by 31 october at the meeting presided over by the chief minister, patil said.
however, loans of small and marginal farmers have been written off with immediate effect and they shall be entitled to get fresh agricultural loans from monday, he added.
it is not immediately known of the extent of loan waiver in terms of its impact on the state exchequer.
the government has agreed to hike the prices of milk and milk cooperatives will have to share profits in the ratio of 70:30 on the lines of the sugar cooperatives.
a majority of cases filed against farmers during the past 11 days of strike shall also be withdrawn, said kadu.
he also thanked the government for listening to the problems of the farmers.
when his attention was drawn to his statement that he would bomb the residence of chief minister if the loan waiver was not announced, he said: now sutli-bomb would be burst across the state to thank the chief minister.
mumbai hooch prime suspect held in delhinew delhi/mumbai, june 24, 20145, dhns: 0:23 istmaharashtra forms panel to probe incidenta 24-year-old man has been arrested in north-east delhis jaffrabad in connection with the malvani hooch tragedy in maharashtra, in which 102 people have died and 46 are still under treatment at various hospitals in mumbai.
the man was hiding at one of his friends house, and was nabbed during a joint operation carried out by the delhi and mumbai police.
the mumbai police had earlier arrested seven persons and seized over 1,000 litres of spurious liquor.
mansoor khan, alias ateeq, who hails from uttar pradeshs kanpur district, is the prime suspect in the case.
the police said mansoor had supplied a chemical, believed to be methanol, to distributors francis dmello and salim shaikh.
mansoor will be handed over to the mumbai police after being produced before a court on wednesday, said deputy commissioner of police (north east) veenu bansal.
the accused will be produced in east delhis karkardooma court, where the mumbai police will seek his transit remand.
the arrest was made after the mumbai police's crime branch of approached the delhi police with information on mansoors possible hideout in jaffrabad.
in mumbai, mansoor had been staying in malvani with his wife.
they fled mumbai on learning that the police were making arrests over the deaths.
sources said the couple travelled by road with a stopover in gujarat.
we established that mansoors friend lived at a jj cluster in jaffrabad.
a raid was conducted to nab him at 12:30 pm on tuesday, said bansal.
during interrogation, mansoors friend told the police he came to the house on sunday.
mansoor, however, did not inform him about the police search or his involvement in the case.
the police are also looking to nab a gujarat-based businessman for supplying methanol to mansoor.
mansoor used to procure methanol from ahmedabad and distribute it in mumbai, following in his father's footsteps.
meanwhile, a committee headed by maharashtra chief secretary dr swadheen kshatriya has been formed to probe the hooch tragedy.
the decision was taken at the weekly cabinet meeting presided over by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the panel has been tasked with bringing out a report highlighting all aspects of the issue and combat measures.
the committee will carry out a detailed probe and no one would be spared, said revenue and excise minister eknath khadse.
meanwhile, leader of the opposition in the maharashtra legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil said while 102 people have lost their lives in the tragedy, fadnavis, who is also the home minister, has not yet visited the spot.
fadnavis and khadse must resign immediately, he said, adding that the incident has shown that the government has no control over the administration.
tearful adieu to colonel mahadik, nation pays homage to martyrsatara (maha), nov 19, 2015, (pti) 13:46 isthundreds of people from all walks of life today converged at a small village here as the mortal remains of colonel santosh mahadik, who laid down his life battling militants near loc in north kashmir's kupwara district, were consigned to flames with full military honours.
the 39-year-old martyr's body was brought to pogarwadi village in maharashtra's satara district this moring where his last rites were performed.
the body was kept for sometime at his mother's house in the neighbouring aaray village where defence minister manohar parrikar paid homage to him.
a large number of villagers from various communities gathered at the cremation site to pay their respects to the martyr.
with teary eyes, the mourning villagers bid adieu to their son who made them proud and shouted slogans like col mahadik amar rahe as his mortal remains were consigned to flames.
earlier, his mortal remains wrapped in the tricolour were brought in a procession escorted by army personnel.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had paid tributes to col mahadik in pune last night when the the army officer's mortal remains were brought there en route to his native satara district.
col mahadik, the commanding officer of 41 rashtriya rifles, was critically injured during an operation in the haji naka forest area of kupwara near the loc in kashmir on tuesday.
he succumbed to his injuries at a hospital later.
an officer from the elite 21 para-special forces unit, col mahadik was awarded a sena medal for gallantry during operation rhino in the north-east in 2003.
born in a family of modest means at pogarwadi village in satara, mahadik set the foundation to his journey of becoming an army man when he joined the sainik school in 6th standard in the year 1987 and later went on to join the army.
his father was a tailor and brother a milkman.
colonel mahadik is survivied by wife and two children, who were present during the cremation.
as per his close friends, he would always speak about making supreme sacrifice.
though calm by nature and gentle in demeanour, he carried a storm in his heart, one of his classmates, who is also in the army, said.
an ace football goalkeeper, a skilled horse-rider and a passionate boxer, he was an all-rounder, his friends recall.
a commanding officer of anti-terror force 41 rashtriya rifles, his colleagues remember mahadik as the brave heart who always led from the front.
despite the inhospitable terrain that made the kupwara operation immensely challenging, the colonel particularly chose to lead his battalion.
aap supports fadnavis in probe against ncp leadersmumbai, dec 14, 2014, dhns 2:06 istthe aam aadmi party (aap), which played a major role in unearthing the irrigation scam, on saturday welcomed the probe against nationalist congress party (ncp) leaders ajit pawar and sunil tatkare.
the aap played a pivotal role in unearthing the irrigation scam.
the party has always been in the forefront in the fight to nail the culprits.
while welcoming chief minister devendrafadnavis stand on this issue, the party feels the government needs to clarify its stand on certain related aspects, an aap spokesperson said.
according to the aap, the government needs to take a clear as well as stringent stance on the madhav chitale committee report about corruption in vidharbha irrigation development corporation (vidc) and konkan irrigation development corporation (kidc).
the aap has already filed two pils in the bombay high court.
the aap also strongly feels that this inquiry should be handed over to a high court monitored special investigation team (sit), the aap spokesperson added.
it pointed out that the maharashtra government has till date not submitted an affidavit on the action already taken by it as well as action that it intends to take on the findings of the chitale committee report.
even in the new government, it seems a few ministers are trying to obtain government sanction for few projects in absolute haste, he said.
fadnavis govt trims security of top cong, ncp politiciansmumbai, dec 29, 2014 (pti): 22:16 istin a bold move, devendrafadnavis bjp government has decided to downgrade security of top politicians of congress and ncp and their kin, including former chief minister prithviraj chavan and his the then deputy ajit pawar.
the decision is based upon the reduced threat perception to these leaders.
''a high-powered committee, set up under chief secretary to gauge the threat perception of politicians, has decided to downgrade the security currently being given to some politicians because their threat perception has decreased, ram shinde, minister of state for home told pti.
some of the former ministers whose security has been scaled down include ajit pawar, chhagan bhujbal, r r patil, praful patel of ncp, besides ex-cm prithviraj chavan, narayan rane, among others of congress.
while patil was home minister in erstwhile congress-ncp government, bhujbal represented ministry of pwd whereas patel served as a cabinet minister in manmohan singh government at the centre.
narayan rane was industries minister.
shinde said their security could be increased in future depending upon their threat perception.
fadnavis, aiming to make more manpower available for policing duties, had delegated the power to give security cover to vips to a high-powered committee, which is authorised to take decisions based on threat perceptions and intelligence inputs.
the decision of the panel which comprises the state dgp, the commissioner, state intelligence, besides the chief secretary is final and does not require political clearances.
politicians that had z or z-plus security cover but did not really need it will get x or y category cover, shinde added.
the committee under chairmanship of chief secretary and other members takes decision (on security assessment) and (no) minister has any role to play.
they (members of the committee) take decision on the basis of threat perception, he told pti.
our government will never compromise someone's security based on political affiliations, the chief minister said.
mumbai, feb 8, 2017 (pti) 19:01 ista day after declaring that the maharashtra government had been put on a notice period, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today said it is time to think of a grand alliance of regional parties as a formidable combination to take on national parties.
there have been many friends of bjp like nitish kumar, mamata banerjee and (late) jayalalithaa, who had in the past opted out of the nda, fought elections on their own and won.
but we (shiv sena) were innocent.
hoping for good days and for the sake of the hindutva we stayed put (in the alliance), he told reporters here.
thackeray escalated his aggressive stand saying he is open to withdrawing support to the state ministry, if the senior partner (bjp) failed to clear its stand on issues his party had raised time and again.
we are not an enemy of bjp and it is unfortunate that we are seen as their opposition.
we are open to withdrawing support to the government if they do not make clear their stand on various issues in the coming days, he said.
thackeray, whose party has begun to foray outside its home turf maharashtra, said, not fighting the polls earlier was our mistake, as a result of which our workers in other states joined other parties.
he also said there is a vacuum of hindutva from jammu and kashmir to kanyakumari.
i am thinking of forging a maha sangh (grand alliance) by bringing together regional parties because all national parties are only concerned about themselves.
they ask for votes but shirk responsibility of development and welfare of local people, he said.
justifying his idea of a regional front, thackeray claimed people have rejected prime minister narendra modi in states like delhi, bihar, west bengal, tamil nadu and kerala after he swept the lok sabha polls in 2014.
modi had made many promises like uniform civil code, building ram temple and teaching pakistan a lesson.
but what has he done in the last two and a half years?
did surgical strikes stop infiltration at the borders and killing of our jawans.
shiv sena's ties with bjp have worsened against the backdrop of the upcoming civic body elections in maharashtra, especially in its political heartland mumbai, where the two parties are engaged in a fierce battle.
they (bjp) say that they wanted transparency in civic administration.
but is asking for 114 seats a measure to gauge transparency?
they actually do not need friends any more.
yet, there is a feeling of love, culture and ideology left in us, he said.
why did chief minister (devendra fadnavis) send his people for alliance talks with us if they thought bmc was not transparent?
why did they suddenly talk of transparency after we decided to go it alone?
thackeray asked.
hema land row: maha govt mulls tightening lease rulesmumbai, feb 5, 2016 (pti) 18:04 istfacing heat over allotment of a prime piece of land to actress-turned-politician hema malini for a token rate here, bjp-led maharashtra government has decided to tighten the land lease rules to ensure higher rates on allotment of state-owned plots.
while a senior bureaucrat today confirmed that the new policy will ensure ready reckoner rates from the beneficiaries, it is not clear whether malini will have to pay a higher price to take possession of the land allotted to her dance academy at oshiwara in the city since that decision was taken by the state cabinet.
yes, we have been asked to relook into the old gr (government resolution) issued in 1983 that allows land meant for cultural or educational purposes to be given on lease at 25 per cent of 1976's ready reckoner rates and come out with a fresh policy, said the senior officer.
the land allotment to malini has run into controversy after rti activist anil galgali brought the issue to the fore and demanded that chief minister devendrafadnavis either cancel the allotment or charge the price of the land at market rate from the bjp mp.
congress and other opposition parties in the state have dubbed the allotment of land to malini for her natyavihar kala kendra charity trust as an act of favouritism.
galgali also said the chief minister had informed him of the government's plan to tighten land allotment rules so that public assets were not alienated for throwaway price.
yes, chief minister today informed me that he has directed officials to cancel old gr and come up with a fresh one.
this is a really welcome gesture from him and it would save him and his government from further embarrassment, the activist said.
under fire over the issue, the bjp had earlier defended the land allotment to malini's institution saying that it was not the first time that a land for academic purpose was provided to anyone.
housing minister prakash mehta said plots had been provided on one rupee lease to trusts set up in memory of congress stalwarts like yashvantrao chavan, vasant dada patil, and shankar rao chavan.
malini, who was alloted a 2,000 sq metre plot last month at a price of rs 70,000, had alleged that an unnecessary controversy was created over the issue as she had not made the final payment for the plot.
the 67-year-old actress and mp from mathura is also facing allegation of violating crz rules by destroying mangroves on a plot earlier alloted to her at versova.
an rti query, also filed by galgali, revealed that the actress was served notice on the land dealing in 1998 but no follow-up was done by the officials concerned.
a pil seeking direction to the police to file a case against malini and revenue minister eknath khadse on the land issue is pending in bombay high court.
mumbai: april 21, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istthe controversial mumbai development plan which has been opposed by the general public, celebrities and politicians was on tuesday scrapped by the maharashtra government.
the mumbai development plan 2015-34, which among other things, had proposed to hike the floor space index (fsi) to eight  leading to fears that the green patches, playgrounds, public spaces are under treat and the commercial capital would further expand vertically as well as horizontally.
a committee headed by chief secretary swadhin kashtriya which also included principal secretary (urban development) nitin kareer went into various aspects and recommended that a new plan be prepared and suggestions and objections are invited.
the controversial plan was released on february 16.
besides giving higher fsi of up to 8 in congested areas like dadar, the plan also proposed using the aarey colony land a green lung of mumbai  for housing infrastructure and educational institutes.
the car shed of mumbai metro iii was also planned here  but it has been shelved.
the plan also had numerous errors like cemeteries, schools, and iconic heritage buildings which were either wrongly shown as reserved for recreational ground or playgrounds or were entirely missing from altogether.
in some cases, hawking zones were planned in residential areas.
senior police officer transferred for moral policingmumbai: august 15, 2015, dhns 0:32 istfacing severe criticism on account of moral policing in the wake the raids in malad suburbs, the maharashtra government on friday shunted out a top police officer and posted him in nanded.
additional commissioner of police (north region) fateh singh patil, under whose are his jurisdiction, the madh island and aksa beach came, was transferred to nanded in marathwada region.
though the government denied any connection with the raids, singh has been in the line of fire for the arrests of 61 people for indecency in public and also for the malvani hooch tragedy in which 104 people lost their lives.
besides, he was also handling the investigations of the dowry harassment case involving radhe maa.
as a matter of fact, after the raids last week, mumbai police chief rakesh maria too faced lots of criticism in social media.
maria had ordered a probe into the entire episode.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, too has been concerned over the image of the police and the issue of moral policing.
maharashtra government officials said that nanded required an officer of the rank of inspector general, however, patil was suited and the post was downgraded to the rank of the deputy inspector general.
activist, communist leader govind pansare shot atkolhapur/mumbai, feb 17, 2015, dhns: 23:15 istveteran communist leader govind pansare, a leading social activist, anti-toll campaigner and a rationalist, and his wife, uma, were shot at in kolhapur on monday.
pansare, 82, who sustained three bullet wounds for which he went through surgeries, is said to be critical but stable.
he is undergoing treatment at the aster aadhar hospital.
his wife is out of danger.
we hope he will come through, pansares daughter-in-law megha said.
the incident took place at about 9 am and he sustained gun shot wounds near neck, armpit and on the right leg near the knee.
pansare, an advocate, was on his morning walk with his wife when two gunmen came riding on a motorcycle and shot at them.
this is third such incident in maharashtra after rti activist satish shetty and rationalist dr narendra dabholkar were shot dead in pune.
popularly known as comrade pansare or pansare kaka, he was one of those leaders who spearheaded the anti-toll movement in kolhapur district of western maharashtra.
he was vocal against communalism.
a highly-respected politician, he was on the central committee of cpi.
he had also taken part in the samyukta maharashtra movement.
expressing shock over the incident, chief minister devendrafadnavis assured in-depth investigation.
i have directed the sp (om prakash sharma) to speed up investigation and arrest the assailants.
minister of state for home ram shinde is camping in kolhapur to take stock of the situation.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray spoke to the chief minister after the incident and asked him to ensure that the assailants are arrested.
there were widespread protests in kolhapur, mumbai, pune, nashik and other towns.
former union minister and ncp president sharad pawar called it an attempt to muzzle voices opposed to certain ideology.
it is an attack on forces that speak against extreme forces.
this was clear after the death of narendra dabholkar, pawar said.
this attack is a matter of concern for a progressive state like maharashtra, he said.
those who had done this must be booked immediately, said mukta dabholkar, daughter of late dr dabholkar.
this is seriouswhat is happening?
why people with secular credentials are being attacked, said narmada bachao andolan leader medha patkar.
pansare was against capitalist and communal forces and those could be behind the murderous attack on the veteran leader, former chief minister prithviraj chavan said.
why put mumbai development under pm panel, asks senamumbai, dec 9, 2014 (ians): 14:08 istmaharashtra's ruling alliance partner shiv sena tuesday expressed reservations over chief minister devendra fadnavis' reported proposal to entrust mumbai's development to a special committee headed by prime minister narendra modi.
but the sena said that the move could prove to be highly controversial.
the marathis feel that the proposal to create separate machinery for the development of the city is a move to delink mumbai from maharashtra.
it remains to be seen what are the political ramifications of this plan, the sena said in an editorial in the party mouthpiece 'saamana' tuesday.
it quoted fadnavis as saying: the progress and development of india is not possible without mumbai's progress.
it is imperative for all concerned state and central agencies to work unitedly to achieve speedy development in mumbai.
terming fadnavis' intentions as laudable, the sena cautioned on how this conveyed an impression that the state was attempting to discard its responsibility towards developing mumbai.
in the past, there has been lot of talk of transforming mumbai into shanghai, singapore, hong kong, etc.
mumbai pours rs.175,000 crore annually into central coffers, but is forced to remain like a beggar, the edit said.
sounding a warning on how the proposal could become a weapon in the hands of the opposition parties, the sena said its firm view was that mumbai should remain with maharashtra and its control should not be diluted.
it questioned why only mumbai, it was necessary for other major cities in the country like delhi, patna, lucknow, bhopal, kolkata to be brought under the pm's attention so that the pressures on mumbai could cease.
when all other cities in the country also develop and progress, pressures on mumbai will lessen and enable her to breathe easy.
mumbai must develop, but ensure that the cure is not worse than the disease itself, the sena stressed.
asserting that mumbai is already a global financial centre, the sena took a swipe at fadnavis, saying it would be better if other cities in the state, like nagpur, which is the chief minister's home town, are also made world-class centres.
nagpur, the state's second capital, needs development which can benefit entire vidarbha.
even marathwada's progress must be considered.
all this will ensure overall progress of maharashtra.
but, the cm has put the fate of mumbai in delhi's hands and returned, though his intentions are honest, the edit lamented.
hinting at possible repercussions, the sena said it would be like trying to do something auspicious when suddenly 'shraadhh' (death rituals) has to be performed.
in short, the cm is in a tearing hurry.
we compliment him for this, the edit said.
state will be flexible in mahadayi talks: cmoctober 20, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 2:08 istthe state government on wednesday decided to be flexible in its approach while holding negotiations with maharashtra and goa governments on the mahadayi river water sharing issue.
after a meeting with leaders of all the political parties here, chief minister siddaramaiah told reporters that the government will have an open mind during the negotiations.
we will attend the meeting in the spirit of give and take.
we will not be rigid in our stand.
we want the issue to be resolved through talks, he stated.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has convened the meeting following a suggestion by the mahadayi river water disputes tribunal to all the riparian states to try resolving the issue through talks.
the tribunal had in july this year rejected karnatakas plea seeking 7 tmcft of water from the mahadayi river for kalasa-banduri drinking water project.
the negotiation meeting that was scheduled to be held on october 21 in mumbai at 12 noon has been postponed.
however, siddaramaiah was not aware of the meeting being postponed when he briefed the media around 9 pm at the vidhana soudha.
offficial sourcessaid that siddaramaiah received a communication from his maharashtra counterpart that the meeting has been postponed as the goa chief minister is not well.
siddaramaiah said karnataka has approached the tribunal seeking 36.
558 tmcft of the mahadayi water for irrigation, drinking water and power generation requirements.
of the total yield of 199.
6 tmcft (with 75  dependability), about 44.
15 tmcft of the river water is generated in karnataka.
negotiations will be held for 36.
558 tmcft.
currently, almost the entire river water is going to the sea, he added.
leaders of the bjp and the jd(s) suggested that the government have an open mind at the meeting convened by fadnavis.
all the political parties have welcomed the tribunals suggestions to hold talks.
the government will hold a meeting with its legal and technical teams before attending the meeting, siddaramaiah said.
rly minister prabhu meets sena chief to 'clear differences'mumbai, nov 22, 2014, (pti) 12:50 istamid attempts of reconciliation by the bjp with its former ally shiv sena ahead of the winter session of the maharashtra assembly, railway minister suresh prabhu here met sena chief uddhav thackeray at the latter's residence.
prabhu, who broke his 18-year-old ties with shiv sena to join bjp before being sworn in as a union minister on november 9, met thackeray to clear out differences between them last night.
prabhu is an old colleague of ours.
now that he is also a railway minister, many things were discussed between him and uddhav ji regarding development of mumbai and maharashtra.
also, if there are misunderstandings between two people due to any reason, it gets cleared when they meet.
knowing uddhav ji's nature from a very long time, he will not keep any grudges against anybody, rajya sabha mp and senior shiv sena leader sanjay raut, told pti.
talks of a revival of friendship between the 25-year-old allies had gained momentum after ncp chief sharad pawar had asked his party workers to be ready for snap polls, asserting that a stable government in the state was not ncp's responsibility.
we have to be ready to face snap polls in the state.
having a stable government in maharashtra isn't ncp's responsibility, pawar had said, adding that his part was neutral during the trust vote.
fadnavis sanctions business district for thane on lines of bkcthane, jan 31, 2015 (pti) 10:20 istclose on the heels of the plush bandra-kurla complex (bkc) in mumbai, the maharashtra government has decided to set up a central business district (cbd) in thane.
in an official release here, guardian minister of thane eknath shinde said that following persistent demands by elected representatives of thane to undertake various development projects in the district on priority, chief minister devendrafadnavis was urged to sanction one more business district in the mmr region.
at a joint meeting held in the shyadri guest house yesterday under the leadership of fadnavis, the decision to go in for the new business district for thane district was taken the release said.
mumbai faces heavy population growth and basic amenities there are under extreme pressure it was stated.
similarly due to geographical conditions there is no more expansion possible in mumbai.
hence the demand for one business district in thane grew louder.
shinde and mlas sanjay kelkar and jitendra awhad reiterated the urgent need for a business district in the meeting which was supported by the cm, who made it clear that the state government would take positive steps towards the same.
the cbd is to be set up on a 72 acre land at kalwa-kharigaon and the place will be developed taking into confidence the local elected representatives it was stated.
the setting up of this business district will decentralise the population and also help generate employment, shinde said.
ahmednagar, jan 27, 2016, (pti) 13:57 ista day after police foiled the plan of 400 women activists to defy a centuries-old ban on females entering sacred sanctum at shani shingnapur temple here, gram sabha at the village where the shrine is located today passed a resolution condemning bhumata brigade and its volunteers for tyring to perform puja at the 'chauthara'.
at a meeting of the gram sabha of shingnapur village, a resolution condemning the brigade and its chief trupti desai was passed.
yesterday, the women activists, who tried to head to the popular temple defying prohibitory orders to worship the deity, were detained by police at supa village, 70 kms from the shrine, for a few hours and released later and sent back to pune in buses.
the detained women were lodged in a marriage hall at supa, where they vehemently protested against the police action and raised slogans and lay down on the road, screaming, it is a black day for women on the republic day.
an angry desai also demanded to know why women were being discriminated against and asserted that the activists will go ahead with their plan.
as a showdown erupted, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis favoured a dialogue between temple authorities and activists to find a way out over the ban on entry of women into the inner sanctum of the shrine, maintaining that women have a right to pray.
the shrine is dedicated to lord shani, who personifies the planet saturn in hindu belief.
women devotees are not permitted on the 'chauthara' (sacred platform) as per the tradition followed at the shrine.
the shrine has no walls or a roof.
a five-foot-high black stone stands on a platform and is worshipped as lord shani.
last year, a bid by the women's organisation to break the security cordon and enter the prohibited area of the temple was foiled on december 20 by security guards of the shani shingnapur trust.
the charity commissioner's office had imposed restrictions on the proposed programme fearing damage to property.
meanwhile, brigade leader desai said that she will meet the maharashtra chief minister in pune today to demand that women be allowed to offer puja from the 'chauthara' (platform) at the shani temple.
we had sought time to meet the cm.
we have been called to meet fadnavis during his scheduled event in pune today, she said.
the bjp-led maharashtra government has backed down from its earlier stand and agreed in principle to a loan waiver for all sections of farmers.
last week, chief minister devendrafadnavis had offered a conditional waiver, but the offer was spurned.
now, he has agreed to waive all the loans worth over rs 30,000 crore.
the criteria will be fixed by a committee of officials and agriculturists.
unarguably, the trigger for renewed agitation in maharashtra was a farm loan waiver by the bjp government in uttar pradesh.
the maharashtra example will have a cascading effect, raising similar demands in other states.
the demand for a nationwide loan waiver will be a logical corollary.
during several rounds of talks on loan waiver, the union finance ministry had so far refused to pick up the tab.
it wanted the states to pay the bounty out of their own resources.
however, it agreed to underwrite farm loan waiver worth rs 36,000 crore in the case of up, allowing political compulsions to override economic prudence.
maharashtra will now press for a similar favour creating a precedent for other states to cite.
given the precarious condition of state finances and the fact that pressure to implement the seventh pay commissions award will further weaken their finances, it may ultimately boil down to central support.
this would have cost the national exchequer nearly rs 3 lakh crore, dwarfing the upas initiative in 2008.
fortunately, union finance minister arun jaitley has said that the centre will not extend any further assistance for farm loan waiver which would have otherwise been hugely inflationary while bringing down the economys already sluggish growth rate.
from the first ever nationwide loan waiver announced by the janata dal government of v p singh in 1990 to the one announced by the upa government in 2008, these have been exercises in futility.
at best, they give the government temporary respite from farmers fury.
during the next period of farm stress  and these have become perpetual  the cycle of agitation and loan waivers is repeated again.
for the government, the money so waived is money down the drain without addressing any of the root causes of agrarian distress.
for the farmers, the short-term gain turns into long-term pain.
their credit history gets distorted and they become defaulters in the eyes of the banks, denying them future loan on account of their inability to payback.
as a recent world bank report shows, loan waiver schemes invariably result in significant decline of fresh loans to the farmers.
this is tragic.
rural indebtedness is a symptom of rural distress.
curing a symptom without treating the malaise is an open invitation to disaster.
tawde in soup over rs 191-cr contract scammumbai, june 30, 2015, dhns: 0:46 istin a fresh trouble for the bjp-shiv sena saffron alliance government in maharashtra, education minister vinod tawde landed in trouble for irregularities in award of rs 191 crore contract without inviting tenders.
the allegations against tawde, 51, a key minister in the government led by chief minister devendrafadnavis , comes close on the charges that he had acquired a engineering degree from the pune-based dnyaneshwar vidyapeeth which is not recognised by ugc or aicte or maharashtras directorate of technical education.
not a single rupee has been paid to contractors.
we stopped the order immediately after the finance department raised objections.
.
.
.
the issue was put on hold at our behest, tawde told in his defence.
on february 11, the education department issued a government resolution authorising the office of the education director (primary education) to enter into a rate contract for supply of 62,105 fire extinguishers for zilla parishad schools across the state.
each fire extinguisher was to be procured at a price of rs 8,321 and each school was to be provided three pieces.
meanwhile, mumbai congress chief and former mp sanjay nirupam demanded tawdes resignation.
they wanted to procure fire extinguishers without following the rules, this is another scam.
.
.
now they are on fire, leader of opposition in the maharashtra legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil said.
hero's farewell for col santoshsatara/mumbai, nov 20, 2015, dhns 0:39 istthousands of people bid a tearful adieu to colonel santosh mahadik, who was cremated with full military honours on thursday in satara district, two days after he died after being shot in gunfight with terrorists in jammu & kashmir.
the 38-year indian army officer is survived by wife swati, an 11-year-old daughter katikee and a five-year-old son swaraj.
son of a farmer from satara in western maharashtra, he was the commanding officer of 41-rashtriya rifles.
a throng of people raised slogans like jai jawan, jai kisan, col mahadik amar rahe, bharat mata ki jai, jab tak suraj chand rahega, col mahadik, tera naam rahega even as his last rites were performed amidst a 21-rifle salute.
after his death on tuesday, his mortal remains were flown to pune from udhampur on wednesday afternoon where maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis laid the wreath.
parrikar on sceneon thursday, defence minister manohar parrikar himself was present in aredare, the village where he was born and then at pogarwadi village, where the last rites were performed.
parrikar also met the late officers mother and wife, when the latter said that both her kids would join the armed forces.
both my children will join the armed forces, she told a visibly moved parrikar.
he also consoled the grieving mother and told the family that the armed forces were behind them.
aviation ministry seeks reports on delay of flightsnew delhi, jul 2, 2015, (pti): 15:44 istcivil aviation ministry has sought reports from air india on the recent incidents involving maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister kiren rijiju which allegedly led to delay of flights.
we are awaiting reports on the (two) incidents from air india, civil aviation secretary r n choubey said here today.
the ministry has asked air india to submit the reports soon and would take a call after receiving them, he said.
an air india flight to newark from mumbai was delayed by nearly an hour on june 29 after it was reported that an aide of fadnavis travelling with him had not carried his passport with valid us visa.
principal secretary pravin pardeshi was cleared at the check-in but was held back before boarding as the passport he was carrying did not have the valid visa.
on june 24, a flight from leh to delhi carrying rijiju was delayed for about an hour and three passengers, including a child, were allegedly offloaded to accommodate him and his pa.
rijuju had claimed it was not a delay as the departure of the flight was preponed due to technical reasons.
bookies flee mumbai as police tighten screwsmumbai, feb 09, 2015, dhns: 23:43 istwith the icc cricket world cup just a few days away, the mumbai police have stepped up vigilance over bookies in the city, but several of them have moved out of the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr).
mumbai police chief rakesh maria has ordered police stations and crime branch-cid units to step up vigilance and spare no one.
following a major crackdown on bookies in 2013, the police have managed to cripple operations of betting rackets involving bookies, hawala operators and middlemen in the city.
since then, they have moved out of mumbai and its suburbs, sources said.
besides the underworld, the investigation has revealed players, umpires, match officials and team owners involved in the racket.
focus has now turned to february 15, when india takes on arch rivals pakistan in their opening encounter, when bets worth crores are expected to change hands.
betting is as good as an organized crime and we would not tolerate such activities, police officials said, adding that close coordination is being maintained with the police in other metros and cities.
some of the big bookies would operate from outside the country in safe havens, said an official.
bookies are adopting the new tactics of accepting bets on the mobile phone while on the move to avoid detection.
this mode of operation has come to light during the previous world cup.
they often change routes to avoid detection, the sources said.
the icc world cup gets underway in australia and new zealand.
india beat sri lanka in the finals in mumbai to lift the cup in 2011.
people like kulkarni are real threat to sovereignty: senamumbai, oct 13, 2015, pti: 12:31 istunfazed by the criticism for blackening the face of sudheendra kulkarni, shiv sena today went one step ahead and likened him to 26/11 terror attack convict ajmal kasab, saying india does not face as much threat from terrorists as it does from people like him.
the sena said it will not change its stand against pakistan, however, much it is criticised and maligned.
as soon as sudheendra kulkarni's face was blackened, he immediately put his photos on social networking sites and alleged that the sena was behind the attack.
we agree with his allegations.
being patriotic and securing our country is maharashtra's work and we are doing our work, the sena said in an edit in party mouthpiece 'saamana'.
the real threat to the sovereignty of our nation is not due to extremists or terrorists, but people like kulkarni.
people like him are out to cut the neck of our nation.
.
.
when there are people like him present here, pakistan does not need to send people like kasab for terrorist activities, it said.
an atmosphere has been created where it now seems that khurshid kasuri is a messenger of peace or a mahatma and the sena has committed a crime by opposing him.
however, much we are criticised or maligned, we will not change our stand against pakistan, it said.
it would have been better if the security provided for kasuri was used to protect the citizens of mumbai.
they (the government) only stopped short of calling the army to protect him.
who is this kasuri?
today, he speaks a different tone but while he was in government, he was instrumental in bringing all separatists together against india, it added.
some people want indians to fight among themselves and people like kulkarni are doing their bit in fulfilling this agenda.
it was the same kulkarni who spoke about barrister jinnah and dug bjp's grave, and in 2008 during the vote of confidence, he caused bjp's head to hang in shame due to the cash-for-votes scandal.
kulkarni had to face jail and l k advani got into deep mess because of him, the edit said.
the sena also asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to be alert against pakistani agents like kulkarni.
four held in navi mumbai church attack casenavi mumbai, mar 24, 2015 (pti) 15:28 istthree days after the attack on a church here, police today claimed to have cracked the case with the arrest of four persons.
four persons have been arrested in connection with the attack on the saint george catholic church, navi mumbai police commissioner k l prasad told pti.
the ips officer, however, refused to share further details at the moment.
under fire from the opposition, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday had set a 48 hour deadline to police to nab the culprits.
the opposition members had yesterday walked out of the assembly in protest against the incident.
police had announced a reward of rs 10,000 for any information leading to the arrest of the accused.
fadnavis is likely to make a statement in the house later today.
according to khandeshwar police, the attack was carried out by two masked persons, who were riding pillion on a motorcycle at around 1.
30 am on saturday when they hurled stones at the saint george catholic church located near a bridge in new panvel.
in the incident, the covering glass outside the statue of saint george got damaged.
the trio, comprising the biker and the two pillion riders, were covering their faces, a police official said.
an offence has been registered against the unidentified men under sections 295 (injuring or defiling a place of worship with intent to insult the religion of any class) and 427 (mischief) of the ipc, police said.
the church was built in 2007 and can accommodate over 800 people for prayer.
apologise for insulting maharashtra: shiv sena to shobhaa demumbai, april 8, 2015 (ians) 18:38 istthe shiv sena on wednesday moved a notice of privilege motion in the state assembly demanding an apology from celebrity writer shobhaa de, claiming she has insulted maharashtra.
the notice was moved by sena legislator pratap sarnaik, who accused de of insulting the chief minister (devendra fadnavis) and the people of the state by her comments criticising the government's decision to give compulsory prime time slots in multiplexes for marathi movies.
he told media persons that he moved a notice of privilege motion against the writer, seeking an apology from her.
in response, de on wednesday tweeted: now a privilege motion demanding an apology from me?
come on!
i am a proud maharashtrian and love marathi films.
always have.
always will!
the sena's reaction came after de's strong criticism of fadnavis on tuesday over a plan directing multiplexes in the state to compulsorily show marathi movies during the 6-9 p.
m.
prime time.
no more pop corn at multiplexes in mumbai?
dahi missal and vada pav only.
to go better with the marathi movies at prime time, de tweeted.
the writer posted a series of tweets on tuesday night.
one of them said: devendrafadnavis is at it again!
!
!
from beef to movies.
this is not the maharashtra we all love!
nako!
nako!
yeh sab roko!
i love marathi movies.
let me decide when and where to watch them, devendra fadnavis.
this is nothing but dadagiri.
she posted another tweet: bollywood divided over compulsory prime time screening of marathi films in multiplexes.
activist, media person and television personality nikhil wagle came to de's support, saying the privilege motion against her was a joke.
privilege motion against shobhaa de is a joke.
she has every right to criticise the government decision to block prime slot for marathi films, wagle said on wednesday.
belgaum mayor seeks bmc's support against karnataka govtmumbai, nov 21, 2016, (pti) 22:40 ista delegation of belgaum municipal corporation led by its mayor today called upon her counterpart in brihanmumbai municipal corporation here and sought support against the karnataka government which has served a show cause notice to the civic body.
belgaum mayor sarita patil apprised her counterpart in bmc (brihanmumbai municipal corporation), snehal ambekar of the situation in belgaum.
maharashtra has been demanding inclusion of belgaum and other marathi-speaking areas into the state.
patil, accompanied by deputy mayor sachin shinde and group leader in belgaum municipal corporation, pandharinath parab told ambekar that prevalent situation is not good in the civic body and demanded bmc's support to deal with karnataka government which has served a show cause notice to the civic body.
we today submitted the copy of the notice that has been served on our civic body by karnataka government.
government of maharashtra and the people of this state have always supported us.
we seek same support this time as well.
government of karnataka has challenged the very spirit of the principles of the constitution by serving us notice, which is a gross violation of the provisions of constitution, patil told reporters.
expressing her solidarity with belgaum mayor, ambekar said, i will raise this issue at various platforms and would do every bit for the sake of belgaum people.
parab said they had sought help of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis as well as human rights commission against the unfair attitude of karnataka government towards local marathi people.
karnataka government's attitude towards marathi-speaking people there is worse than british government.
we want this unwarranted attitude to end.
the government has slapped baseless allegations of treason on the grounds that she (patil) joined a rally that was organised to demand separation of belgaum from karnataka (on november 1), following which she has been served a show-cause notice and asked to clarify why the civic body should not be dissolved, said parab.
he said people of belgaum had observed a black day on november 1, which is also celebrated as the day of formation of karnataka state.
however, karnataka police behaved unprofessionally.
we demand a probe into atrocity by the police and also call for a strict action against state government, he said, adding that the harassment of marathi people must stop immediately.
shiv sena had recently sought intervention of union home minister rajnath singh to protect marathi populace in border areas of karnataka, saying that they are subjected to atrocities.
in its report 50 years ago, the centre-appointed mahajan commission had recommended that these villages remain in karnataka.
maharashtra government has been fighting the case in the supreme court for nearly 12 years to get belgaum and adjoining areas back from karnataka.
cabinet expansion next week;talks with sena still possible:cmnagpur, nov 16, 2014, (pti): 21:04 istwhile announcing that his cabinet will be expanded next week, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that the doors were still open for talks with estranged ally shiv sena.
the winter session of the maharashtra legislature will start on december 8.
the state cabinet, which was sworn in with eight cabinet-rank ministers and two ministers of state on october 31, will be expanded next week, fadanvis told reporters at his official residence here.
the chief minister denied media reports that rss chief mohan bhagwat may mediate between shiv sena and bjp to break the deadlock in talks.
however, he also said, the doors for talks with sena are not closed.
in politics such a thing never happens.
talks are possible.
significantly, talking to reporters in mumbai, union minister and shiv sena mp anant geete also indicated that his party was not going to pull him out of the union cabinet, though at present it is at loggerheads with bjp in maharashtra.
meanwhile, the chief minister assured that the government was taking steps to deal with the drought-like situation in marathwada and approaching the centre for financial assistance.
an official release here said that the chief minister met nearly four thousand people as various delegations came to meet him during his visit here today.
hema malini got prime land worth crores for just rs 70,000mumbai, jan 28, 2016, dhns: 1:29 istbjp mp wanted to start dance academy in posh west andheria month after the bjp-shiv sena government in maharashtra allotted a 2,000 sq mt land to actor-politician hema malini for setting up a dance academy, an rti query has revealed that the plot was given away at a meagre sum of rs 70,000, whereas the actual price is in several crores.
on december 29, 2015, revenue minister eknath khadse had issued the order giving permission to enable her set up an academy and a full-fledge cultural complex to impart training in classical and experimental music, arts and dance.
the property is located at ambivali-oshivara at the prime andheri western suburbs of mumbai.
the government has worked wonders and this can be seen from a 2,000 sq mt land was given away for a pittance rs 70,000 at the rate of rs 35 per sq mt for a land currently valued in crores, rti activist anil galgali said.
previously congress mp and ipl chairman rajeev shukla too had been a similar beneficiary and the issue had generated enough heat forcing the shukla family controlled bag company to return the allotted plot.
another interesting twist to the hema malini land case is that, she is yet to fulfill the financial compliances and also return a previously allotted land, he said.
galgali also said that replies that were sought from the mumbai-suburban district collectors office has revealed that the plot was reserved for gardens.
galgali said hema malini was previously allotted land at versova village in the same andheri taluka on april 4, 1997 for which a payment of rs 10 lakhs was made.
but since a portion of that land was effected with coastal regulation zone regulations, hema malini had not undertaken any construction on the land.
also as per the terms of that agreement, hema malini was supposed to raise 25 per cent of that project cost, which was never done till date.
in spite of the track record, the state government acted benevolently and allotted an alternative land to her, he said.
in a letter addressed to chief minister devendrafadnavis , galgali had questioned that, at one end the bjp government is talking of taking back the reserved lands allotted to various organisations and on the other hand is allotting a prime land, reserved for gardens to its own and allowing construction.
the dance academys project is proposed to cost around rs 18 crore and as per instructions it has to submit a certificate stating that 25 per cent of funds are available with it and also how is it going to raise the balance 75 per cent of the funds.
the academy in its response has intimated that it has rs 3.
50 crore available with it and the balance is proposed to be raised through bank loans, he said.
fadnavis promises transparent governmentmumbai, oct 31, 2014, pti: 21:22 istpromising a transparent administration, maharashtra's new chief minister devendrafadnavis today said his government will bring in a legislation for better delivery of services to the people.
44-year-old fadnavis, who was sworn in as chief minister of the first bjp government in the state, got down to work immediately and has instructed chief secretary swadheen kshatriya to have a draft of the right to service bill ready within a month.
i have directed the chief secretary to prepare a draft of the legislation, a form of citizen's charter, to provide better services to the people who can take legal recourse if they don't get them, he told reporters at a meet the press programme shortly after taking oath.
he said the decision was taken at the first meeting of the council of ministers.
portfolios will be allocated to the seven cabinet and two ministers of state tomorrow.
people of maharshtra have high expectations from us and it is a big responsibility.
we will provide an efficient and transparent administration with focus on development, he said.
the state government's financial condition is not that good.
the chief minister said the decisions taken by the previous congress-ncp government just before the model code of conduct for election kicked in will be reviewed.
it will take time to bring the administration back on the track but we will do it.
we will bring maharashtra to the number one position, he said.
there is a thin line between belief and superstition.
we are against superstition.
he also assured to look into the grievances of the media, particularly incidents of attack on journalists, and said there will be a regular media briefing after state cabinet meetings, a practice discontinued during the tenure of vilasrao deshmukh as chief minister.
the chief minister said the state's finances were not in a good shape and he would need time to restore the financial health.
he said that he could make mistakes, but added, i will ensure that there will be no malafide intentions.
on a question about demand of statehood for vidarbha, fadnavis, once a strong votary of a separate state, said his priority now was to remove the imbalance in development.
my aim will be to restore number one position of maharashtra, he said.
justifying today's lavish swearing-in ceremony, the new chief minister said there was a change of guard in the state after 15 years, and naturally, many people from various parts of the state wanted to attend it.
the chief minister said though he had addressed many a press conferences as an opposition leader, for the first time he was feeling nervous because of the change of role.
there is an immense burden of expectations.
however, more than burden.
.
.
i will say i am aware of the huge responsibility and will try my best to fulfil it, he said.
the allocation of portfolios of the ministers who took the oath with him today would be done tomorrow, he said.
mumbai hooch toll rises to 53mumbai, june 20, 2015, dhns 1:25 istcm orders probe; eight policemen suspendedthe toll in mumbai's illicit liquor tragedy mounted to 53 on friday, prompting the maharashtra government to announce a high-level probe into the incident, following which cops launched a crackdown on shady liquor joints.
this is the worst hooch tragedy in mumbai since the december 2004 incident in which 87 people lost their lives and more than 300 were hospitalised.
at least 24 people are still in hospital in the current incident, and police officers anddoctors have not ruled out the toll going up further.
most of the victims are daily wage earners, taxi drivers, truck drivers and construction workers, and a few of them hail from gulbarga in neighbouring karnataka.
despite heavy rain, policemen were seen in the periphery and near the jurassic park resort and club area and the laxminagar slums of the malvani-malad area of the western suburbs of mumbai.
plain-clothes cops have been sent out across maharashtra and bordering areas of other states to nab those involved in illicit liquor trade.
i have ordered an inquiry and asked the police to submit report in two days time, said chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday.
on thursday night, revenue minister eknath khadse, also the state excise minister, reviewed the investigations.
24 still illas many as 53 people have died and 24 are still undergoing treatment, and some of them are critical.
investigations are being carried out, and the statements of the victimsand their families are being recorded, said deputy commissioner of police dhananjay kulkarni.
don's kin to support bjpmumbai, mar 4, 2017, dhns: 1:58 istjailed underworld don arun gawlis daughter will support the bjp in the mayoral polls of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
a third-time corporator, geeta gawli (34) is the president of the akhil bharatiya sena.
arun, who is currently lodged in the nagpur central prison and serving life imprisonment in a murder case, has been a one-term mla in maharashtra.
on thursday, geeta met senior shiv sena leaders eknath shinde and anil desai and bjp leaders, including chief minister devendra fadnavis.
during the separate meetings, geeta put up two demands  one-term chairmanship of the health committee and membership to the standing committee.
though bjp leaders have not yet commented officially, it is learnt that she would be supporting the party.
fadnavis's plan for mumbai ceo sparks rowmumbai, nov 7, 2014, (dhns): 1:37 istchief minister devendrafadnavis move to appoint a ceo for mumbai has triggered controversy, with the shiv sena accusing the ruling bjp of attempting to separate mumbai from the rest of maharashtra.
the sena has been targeting fadnavis in the last few days through its editorials in saamna and dophar ka saamna, its mouthpiece dailies in marathi and hindi, for advocating separation of vidarbha and keeping silence over karnatakas renaming of belgaum as belagavi.
the sena had also targeted the bjp in the run up to the maharashtra assembly elections for its alleged plans to separate mumbai from maharashtra.
fadnavis idea to have a ceo is for administrative convenience, as several ongoing projects in mumbai and the mumbai metropolitan region are delayed due to lack of coordination and jurisdictional issues.
according to the plan, the ceo would be an officer of the rank of additional chief secretary.
the move smacks of a plan to separate mumbai from maharashtra and we shall oppose it, shiv sena mp rahul shewale said in response to the governments proposal.
erect r.k. laxman memorial in mumbai: familymumbai, feb 1, 2015 (ians) 13:37 istthe proposed memorial to legendary cartoonist r. k. laxman, announced by chief minister devendrafadnavis in pune last week, must be erected in mumbai, his family has urged.
the cm was very kind to announce the memorial, but the location has not been specified.
we, especially my daughter rimanika and wife usha, are keen that it should come up in mumbai, where laxman spent over seven decades of his life and the common man was born, son srinivas laxman told ians.
he said that it was the vibrant and never-say-die spirit of the ordinary mumbaikar that inspired the image of laxman's bespectacled creation - the common man - always silent with a confused and bewildered expression at the antics of politicians, generally in his trademark check shirt with dhoti, and a tuft of hair clinging to the sides of his worry-marked pate.
srinivas, himself a retired journalist from the times of india (toi) and now a specialist writer on space exploration, said that his father started his cartooning career in mumbai and walked the streets of the city, saw it developing into a global financial centre and chronicled it through his sketches.
he had a long, 60-year old friendship with another great mumbaikar and cartoonist, the late bal thackeray.
they used to have lunch and tea at chetna restaurant in those days, laugh and joke.
before his death, thackeray had visited my dad in pune, srinivas said.
during lunch breaks, or on lean working days, laxman and other senior editors of toi would go for walks in the old, bustling dalal street (before the 29-storied bse building came up in 1980), strand book stall, jehangir art gallery, the colaba causeway, flora fountain, and other parts which comprised the cbd (central business district) of mumbai, srinivas said, explaining how his father got inspired for his works which became historic creations.
in the 1940s, when laxman first came to mumbai, he lived in the mirabelle hotel - which no longer exists - at marine lines and then at other smaller places before moving to his flat in the posh breach candy area, where he spent 70 years of his life.
owing to practical reasons - the mumbai building does not have a lift - the 86-year old laxman shifted to pune in april 2008.
but, his heart always beat for mumbai.
he always wanted to return and live here, usha said.
in fact, during his frequent visits from pune to mumbai, laxman enjoyed going for long drives in various areas and loved to watch the crowds at churchgate, marine lines, the chowpatty beach and the bhelpuriwalas, the cst and the vicinity of toi, as also some other old haunts, and always appeared pleased and excited.
on a more personal level, the family would miss laxman's delightful annual 'happy birthday gifts' in the form of a sketch of rimanika or srinivas, and also doting daughter-in-law usha.
practically from my birth, he used to make at least one annual sketch on my birthday.
later he did some for usha, who was very close to him, and then regularly for his grand-daughter rimanika, srinivas said.
once, during a college event, the young and shy srinivas was billed as r.k. laxman's greatest creation!
but, we took it in our stride.
.
.
he laughs today over the incident in a south mumbai college over four decades ago.
according to the family, a laxman memorial in mumbai would be a befitting tribute to both the great city and its prime resident, the common man, whose statue is already installed at worli.
military might on displaymrityunjay bose mumbai, feb 15, 2016, dhns: 0:56 istmake in india: event draws crowds; blaze mars evening showreplicas of high-tech field guns and missile launchers, light-combat aircraft, the under-construction aircraft carrier vikrant, submarines, space satellites and launch vehicles drew crowds at the make in india week at the mmrda grounds at the bandra-kurla complex in mumbai.
on sunday, several hundred people drew towards the venue to witness what is being described as the largest multi-sectoral exhibition of asia, which was inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi on saturday.
several of the exhibitions showcase key projects of the centre like swachha bharat abhiyan, digital india, skill india and start-up india.
besides the host state maharashtra, 17 states including karnataka, haryana, madhya pradesh, uttar pradesh, chhattisgarh, west bengal, kerala, andhra pradesh among others have put up stalls calling investors to invest in their states.
in fact, maharashtra is promoting defence ecosystsms and hubs in and around places like mumbai, pune, nashik, aurangabad and nagpur.
at the defence psus pavilion, one of the major attraction is a field gun developed by the kalyani group, which after tests if put to production, could emerge as one of the most lethal components of the indian army.
the defence research and development organisation (drdo) has also showcased innovations like the short range optical target locater, besides a kit for bioremediation process uses the potential of microbes to degrade toxic moieties of petroleum hydrocarbon as their source of nutrition and energy.
the indian navy has put up a huge model of under-construction aircraft carrier vikrant and the kolkata-class and delhi-class ships.
the mazagaon dock ltd among other things showcased the submarines that are under construction.
the indian space research organisation has put up modes of satellites and launch vehicles and launchpads.
the world is looking at the new investment destination and india has the potential to grab the opportunity to become the next investment destination.
mumbai, jun 27, 2015 (pti) 16:57 istthe bjp in maharashtra today issued show cause notice to party mla raj purohit and sought his response within three days over a sting operation video, purportedly showing him making caustic comments against prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah.
the party said that purohit's action breached organisational discipline, and asked him to reply to its state president raosaheb danve within three days, failing to which action would be taken against him.
purohit, a former minister and mla from colaba in mumbai, has been asked to explain his position and give a written explanation within three days, a bjp spokesperson told pti.
the video clip, aired by some channels and also uploaded on a few websites, has left the bjp red-faced, at a time when the party is under attack from its rivals at the centre and in maharashtra.
in the video, purohit is shown to agree with the interviewer, whose identity is unknown, that modi and shah are the only ones wielding power in the party and there is no internal democracy in the bjp.
on the centre's policies, he was shown saying that narendra-bhai is doing good work, but he should avoid the mistakes he is making.
some of his decisions are alienating certain groups likes traders, who are the bjp's hardcore supporters.
people talk of collective leadership, but it is simply absent.
this is a dangerous sign for the party, he purportedly said.
he is also heard describing chief minister devendrafadnavis as helpless in the face of pressure from above and from influential individuals like builder and malabar hill mla mangal prabhat lodha and ridiculing raj thackeray as a bogus leader.
the sting also shows purohit claiming that he is the senior most bjp leader after eknath khadse (excise minister) in the state and should have been made a minister.
purohit has claimed that the voice in the video was not his.
he has demanded that the video be sent for forensic testing.
meanwhile, ncp chief sharad pawar told reporters in aurangabad that purohit episode only reflected the general sentiment of many of the bjp legislators.
the sentiments which a senior bjp legislator like raj purohit has expressed, is shared by many in that party, pawar said.
in the sting video, purohit, who was a minister of state in the shiv sena-bjp government of 1995-1999 in maharashtra, is purportedly shown as saying that builder-turned-mla mangal prabhat lodha wields influence with the top rung of the bjp and rss.
traders were fed up with the congress's policies and were expecting more from the bjp.
but what laws have you made?
if you want to buy gold worth over re 1 lakh, you have to be a pan card holder.
when half the economy is being run on black money, if you compel traders to make pan cards, their business will definitely be affected, purohit says.
he further says,the centre has come up with a bill to curb black money.
it's a policy contradiction.
on one hand you allow foreign investment, and on the other you seek accountability for each and every rupee.
the punishment of 10 years is the same as for culpable homicide.
i sit among the top traders of the country.
no one is happy with the policy.
shiv sena attends cabinet meetingmumbai, mar 4, 2017, dhns: 1:51 ista possible rapprochement between the warring alliance partners  the bjp and the shiv sena  appears to be in sight with the shiv sena attending a cabinet meeting on friday.
in the meeting, chief minister devendrafadnavis responded to the issue of more transparency in the governance raised by the shiv sena ministers.
on the other hand, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray informally met cooperation minister chandrakant patil in kolhapur for a brief period.
in the run up to the mega civic polls, the shiv sena broke pre-poll electoral ties and fought against each other.
bombay hc stays quota for muslims, marathasmumbai, nov 15, 2014, dhns 0:42 istreservation exceeded the 50 per cent limit set by scin a major embarrassment to the congress and the nationalist congress party (ncp), the bombay high court on friday stayed the decision of the previous democratic front government to provide 16 per cent reservation to marathas in government jobs and educational institutions.
the court also stayed the decision to provide 5 per cent reservation to muslims in government service, but allowed quota for them in educational institutions.
the two decisionsbased on a report of a committee headed by former industries minister narayan ranewere taken by the then prithviraj chavan-led government ahead of the maharashtra assembly elections.
both congress and ncp leaders highlighted them in the run-up to the polls.
with the additional 21 per cent quotas for the politically influential maratha community and muslims, reservation in government jobs and educational institutions in the state had gone up to 73 per centway beyond the 50 per cent limit set by the supreme court.
in july, the then governor k sankaranarayanan had put a stamp of approval on an ordinance in this regard.
however, the move was challenged in the bombay high court in pils filed by social activist ketan tirodkar, an ngo youth for equality, anil thanekar, dr i s gilada of indian health organisation and others.
admitting the petitions, a division bench of the bombay high court, consisting of chief justice mohit shah and justice m s sonak, said the apex court had already laid down the law for reservation.
the decision has been stayed, said journalist-turned-activist tirodkar after the verdict.
the government had pointed out in court that it had taken into consideration recommendations of the rajinder sachar committee and mahmoodur rahman committee, both of which had recommended reservation for muslims, while arriving at the decision to provide quota.
the state government is fully supportive of the maratha quota.
we will appeal in the supreme court against the high court ruling.
mrityunjay bose, dec 10, 2015, mumbai: dhns: 1:15 istpopular belief not enough to hold someone guilty, says judgethe bombay high court on thursday acquitted actor salman khan of all charges in connection with a 13-year-old drunken driving and hit-and-run case, where one person was killed and four others were injured.
one of indias highest-paid actors, salman broke down when the verdict was pronounced by justice a r joshi.
salman, who has parallel images of bad boy and man with a golden heart, turns 50 this december 27 and there was a sense of jubilation within his family and bollywood.
the considered view of the court is that the prosecution has failed to establish its case.
.
.
on the basis of this type of evidence, the appellant-accused (salman khan) cannot be convicted.
.
.
.
appellant-accused is acquitted of all charges, said justice joshi, who retires this month.
while the court held that salman was an occupant of the car, the order is silent on who was at the wheel and why the car crashed killing one nurullah mehboob sharif.
the judge also slammed the mumbai police for shoddy investigation and the prosecution for failing to establish its case.
any strong suspicion, perception or popular belief cannot be enough to hold someone guilty.
prosecution has not brought material on record to prove the case.
.
.
according to criminal jurisprudence, the burden is on the prosecution to prove its case, said justice joshi.
criticising the mumbai sessions court, justice joshi said that the appreciation of evidence is not proper and legal as per the set principles of criminal jurisprudence, like accepting the hotel bill without panchnama, which all together is riddled with fabrication.
the evidence of ravindra patil (salmans police bodyguard) is rendered inadmissible, justice joshi added.
the bandra police station has also been asked to return the actors passport.
the caseon september 28, 2002, salman in a drunken state lost control of his car and rammed it onto the pavement of the american express bakery at the hill road-st andrews road junction here, killing sharif and injuring four others.
on may 6, the mumbai sessions court held him guilty of all counts and sentenced him to five years in jail.
the same day he secured interim bail from the bombay high court, and on may 8 his appeal was admitted.
mumbai, jan 24, 2015 (ians) 17:38 istthe maharashtra government has decided to buy the house in london where b.r. ambedkar lived in the 1920s, and convert it into a memorial-cum-museum, an official said here saturday.
maharashtra education minister vinod tawde, currently in london for a global academic conference, finalised the deal and made the announcement.
according to an official, the deal for the 2050 sq.
feet home, which was up for sale for the past few months, is expected to cost around rs.40 crore.
the residential property, where the architect of the indian constitution, lived as a student of the london school of economics in 1921-1922, is situated at 10, king henry's road, nw3, london.
by april, we plan to complete all the formalities and throw it open as a permanent museum-cum-memorial for the public, tawde said in a statement from london.
when we heard that the home was up for sale through an estate agent, i spoke with chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is in davos and he immediately gave the green signal, tawde said.
the minister then met representatives of the federation of ambedkarites & buddhist organisations (fabo) and other indian officials to finalise the deal for the historic home.
a meeting was held at india house, the indian diplomatic mission in the uk, in the presence of indian high commissioner ranjan mathai, fabo's (mrs) santosh das and other officials and it was decided to buy the property.
he added that the memorial would inform the people about ambedkar's life, works and contribution to the country's freedom struggle and subsequent public life.
around six months ago the house, where a plaque on its historic importance is also displayed, had been put up for auction by the owners.
the auction notice had created a furore among various dalit and ambedkarite groups around the world who had demanded that the state or central government intervene in the matter as the home had a historical significance for all indians.
tawde said all formalities shall be completed over the next couple of months and it will be inaugurated as an ambedkar memorial april 14, coinciding with ambedkar's 124th birth anniversary.
meanwhile, political parties across the spectrum hailed the state government's move, terming it as the right decision to preserve an important chapter in indian history.
however, ambedkar's grandson prakash ambedkar earlier expressed his reservations at the state government's proposal to buy the london property.
since we are his legal heirs, the government should first consult us in the matter, the dalit leader and chief of the bharipa bahujan mahasangh, had said when the state government first mooted the proposal to buy the home around five months ago.
2 women cops suspended for assaulting girl at ganesh pandalmumbai, sep 29, 2015 (pti) 18:43 istmumbai police today suspended two women constables for allegedly assaulting a girl at the famous lal baughcha raja pandal here on september 25, an incident that sparked widespread public outrage after its video went viral on social media.
yes, two women constables have been suspended in connection with the incident, said joint commissioner of police, deven bharti.
dcp (detection-1) mohan dahikar said the inquiry report is yet to be submitted and that more suspensions in the case cannot be ruled out.
the girl, nandini goswami, has alleged that she was dragged and slapped by police personnel when she tried to enter the pandal's vvip queue friday last.
she rubbished police claims that the video clip of her being manhandled by some women constables at the famous ganesh pandal was an old one and also rejected talk about her being mentally disturbed or depressed.
it isn't an old video as claimed by the cops and i am not mentally-challenged or depressed, she told reporters here today.
following the public outrage, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a probe and said the guilty would not be spared.
this is a serious matter.
the guilty won't be spared.
we have called for a report from the police within 48 hours.
in these 48 hours, we will also ensure that action is taken if anybody is found guilty.
this is a very serious incident and we will ensure that no person who is guilty is spared, he had said.
police had in the evening yesterday said that the initial probe suggested that the video was an old one and had indicated that the incident may have taken place earlier and not last week.
lalbaugcha raja ganesh pandal in central mumbai attracts lakhs of people during the 10-day ganesh festival, which ended on sunday.
fadnavis must stand up against k'taka govt's move on belgaum:senamumbai, nov 4, 2014 (pti): 11:21 istshiv sena today urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to step up offensive against the karnataka government's decision to change belgaums name to belagavi, to protect the interests of the marathi-speaking people.
devendra fadnavis has sworn to protect the marathi speaking people.
it is now his duty to safeguard the interest of marathi 'manoos' wherever they reside, in or outside the state.
this is why he (fadnavis) should stand up and protest the decision taken by the (karnataka) government, the sena said in an edit in party mouthpiece saamana.
uddhav thackeray had on sunday said that the karnataka government had hurt the sentiments of marathi-speaking people by changing belgaums name to belagavi.
why were they (karnataka government) in a hurry to change the name?
they should have waited for a final decision by the supreme court on the disputed territory.
we have been asking for a union territory status (for belgaum) till the sc decides.
it is our duty to appoint legal experts to represent the marathi communitys side in the apex court, thackeray had told reporters in kolhapur.
the sena claimed that the marathi-speaking people of the region hoped for justice from prime minister narendra modi after waging a 60-year-long struggle on the issue.
the people of belgaum have been struggling against the atrocities being committed by the karnataka government from the last 60 years.
they want the region to be a part of maharashtra.
people thought justice would be served to them by the prime minister but he instead extended his good wishes for the new name, the editorial said.
belgaum is a disputed region on the borders of maharashtra and karnataka.
both the states claim stake to the region.
bombay high court, fadnavis ask striking doctors to resume work immediatelymumbai, mar 23, 2017, (pti) 14:19 istmembers of maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) during the second day of their protest against the attack on a doctor in dhule civil hospital, in nagpur on tuesday.
pti file photothe bombay high court today asked striking resident doctors in maharashtra to resume work immediately while chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to them to call of the four-day stir, assuring security in hospitals.
in delhi, union health minister j p nadda asked states to take measures to improve security of doctors.
after the hc's direction and the cm's appeal, the representatives of the protesting doctors went into a huddle to discuss the directive and the steps to be taken thereof.
according to dr sagar mundada, the chairman of the indian medical association's youth wing, a decision on the matter will be taken soon.
nearly 4,000 resident doctors have been striking since monday, demanding enhanced security in the wake of a string of attacks on doctors by patients' relatives at government hospitals across the state.
the protests have been hampering the services of out-patient departments (opds) in various hospitals.
the hc asked the doctors to get back to work and resolve their issues and demands amicably with the government.
a division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice g s kulkarni gave the directive while hearing a petition filed by activist afak mandaviya seeking action against the protesting doctors.
the hc also directed the government and management of various hospitals not to take any punitive action against the doctors who were served notice yesterday for not resuming their duties.
the doctors will have to first go and resume their duty.
all other issues can be amicably sorted out gradually, chief justice chellur said.
we understand that the doctors are working in strained and horrible conditions sometimes, but we request them to resume work immediately, she said.
chief minister fadnavis, while making a statement in the state legislative assembly on the ongoing strike and its fallout on the public healthcare system, urged the doctors to follow their professional ethics by serving the people.
because of the acts of a few irresponsible people of attacking doctors, it is not right to deny the poor their right to access to the medical facilities.
i appeal to the doctors and their organisations to call off the strike and return to work, he said.
the government had spoken to representatives of the striking doctors and accepted all their demands, he said.
the state has enacted special laws to protect doctors.
maha minister to look into belagavi boundary rowmumbai, dec 17, 2015, dhns 22:29 istthe bjp-shiv sena government in maharashtra has appointed senior minister and veteran leader chandrakant patil as the nodal minister to carry forward talks towards resolving the long-pending maharashtra-karnataka boundary dispute.
patil, who looks after the ministries of cooperation, pubic works department, marketing and textiles, hails from kolhapur, which borders karnataka.
on tuesday, the general administration department (gad), headed by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , came out with an order, notifying the appointment.
chandrakant patil has been appointed nodal minister to pursue the matter, said the notification issued by dr prem singh meena, the additional chief secretary of gad.
patil had taken part in the belagavi movement earlier and is well-versed with the issue.
maharashtra ekikaran samiti, which is spearheading the agitation for several decades, wants belagavi city and 865 surrounding villages to be placed under the central government rule till the border dispute is resolved.
plea against 'ignoring' muslim leaders on anniversary listfebruary 28, 2016, mumbai, dhns 1:15 istsenior journalist and activist sarfaraz arzu has filed a writ petition in the bombay high court questioning the maharashtra government for ignoring heroes and leaders from the muslim community from its list of anniversaries and national days on which official functions are to be held in their memory.
the petition would be heard in the due course of time.
the government circular was issued on november 30, 2015 and the list includes 26 days.
the petition has been filed by arzu, editor of urdu daily hindustan and the general secretary of urdu journalists association.
the maharashtra government, chief minister devendrafadnavis , minority affairs minister eknath khadse and chairman of minorities commission amir hussain have been made the respondents.
it is unfortunate the government has not been able to find a single great figure from the muslim community.
.
.
it is in national interest that students and masses should know that indian muslims have done service of the motherland and humanity, but somehow what the people come to know is the gloomy part of some misguided muslims creating a false islamophobia, the petition states.
mumbai, feb 1, 2016 (pti) 22:54 ista college picnic to a coast of the arabian sea turned tragic today for a group of students from pune as 14 of them drowned off the popular murud-janjira beach in adjoining raigad district.
the incident occurred when 18 students were swept into the sea when they went for a swim in the afternoon.
the students, aged between 18 and 20, were undergoing bsc and bca computer courses in pune's inamdar college.
one student was still missing and search was on for him.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted that extremely saddened & shocked to know about the murud incident where 14 students lost their lives.
instructed the collector to take care of all students.
he informed that 14 bodies recovered, saved lives of 5 girls & are being hospitalised, he said.
the chief minister said the coast guard has started rescue operation as 1 student is missing.
there were 116 students, 8 teachers &3 staff members from inamdar college, pune.
according to a coast guard spokesperson, 13 bodies were recovered while a few students are still untraced and the coast guard and navy have launched operations to rescue some missing students.
a defence official said in a statement here that of the 13 bodies, ten were those of male and three of female.
the students were part of a group from inamdar college in pune who went to murud in three buses for a picnic.
we received information regarding 15 to 18 students being washed into the sea at about 4 pm.
coast guard aircraft ic117 and two hired fishing boats were deployed for search and rescue.
a defence official said in a statement that at least six students were taken to hospital.
as of now, 13 dead bodies (10 girls and 3 boys) have been recovered.
6 students were rescued or managed to reach the shore and were taken to hospital.
1 student is still missing, he said.
the official said search along the coast is in progress for the missing boy named m saife ahmad.
the navy has deployed two interceptor craft for the search operations.
p a inamdar, trustee of the pune-based college, run by maharashtra cosmopolitan education society, alleged that the beach where the students went apparently had no life guard.
a pall of gloom descended over the college following the tragedy.
the picnickers were accompanied by around ten staff members including teachers, the college authorities said.
inamdar said the college has received names of the deceased but their parents would be informed only after confirming and establishing their identities by checking the respective rolls.
a team of college officials has left for murud to assist rescue work.
a defence official said in a statement that information was received by indian coast guard that 15-18 students were swept away into sea at murud beach at about 4:00 pm today.
coast guard initiated a search operations and indian navy provided assistance in search.
maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao has also expressed grief over the tragedy.
i am deeply aggrieved and shocked to know about the drowning of 13 students from a college in pune who had gone to the murud beach in raigad district for a picnic.
my heart goes out to the near and dear ones of all students who lost their lives, the governor said in a condolence message.
sena speaks of humiliation by bjp, not to attend swearing-inmumbai, oct 30, 2014, (pti): 19:34 istamidst the uncertainty over shiv sena's role in the formation of the new government in maharashtra, the party today said its leaders would not attend chief minister-designate devendra fadnavis's swearing-in here tomorrow.
we have constantly been humiliated by the bjp, which has not gone down well with our mlas.
as our mlas feel that bjp did not give us due respect, why should we attend the oath-taking ceremony?
sena mp vinayak raut said here.
raut was talking to reporters after meeting the shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
when asked if the scheduled meeting of shiv sena and bjp leaders for discussing possible alliance had been called off, raut said no talks had been scheduled, so there was no question of cancellation.
earlier, bjp general secretary rajiv pratap rudy had told pti that it was unlikely that anybody from shiv sena will be sworn in tomorrow.
talks with sena are on in an amicable atmosphere.
.
.
but there has been no outcome yet, he had said.
fadnavis, a four-term mla from nagpur, will be administered the oath of office by governor c vidyasagar rao at wankhede stadium in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, several of his cabinet colleagues, chief ministers of bjp-ruled states, corporate leaders, bollywood stars and other celebrities.
mumbai, april 9, 2015 (ians) 14:26 istthe shiv sena staged a noisy protest on thursday outside celebrity author shobhaa de's residence, after she attacked a move to force multiplexes to show marathi movies in the prime time slot.
carrying banners as well as 'vada-pav' and 'misal', the sainkis shouted slogans against de.
the protesters condemned de's comments opposing the bharatiya janata party-sena government's diktat to all multiplexes in maharashtra to daily exhibit marathi movies between 6 and 9 p.
m.
police personnel deployed in large numbers outside de's residence in the upmarket cuffe parade in south mumbai prevented the sainiks from entering the building premises.
de told journalists that she was overwhelmed by the support she received for her tweets on the social media and elsewhere.
on the protests, she said she was not at all worried.
i have full faith in mumbai police.
.
.
police barricades are up.
.
.
i am feeling perfectly calm and safe.
.
.
thank you, mumbai police.
she later tweeted.
shiv sena legislator pratap sarnaik has sought an apology and moved a notice for breach of privilege in the assembly.
sarnaik accused de of insulting the chief minister (devendra fadnavis) and the people of the state.
de on wednesday tweeted: now a privilege motion demanding an apology from me?
come on!
i am a proud maharashtrian and love marathi films.
always have.
always will!
no more pop corn at multiplexes in mumbai?
dahi missal and vada pav only.
to go better with the marathi movies at prime time, de later tweeted.
on april 7, de's tweets were: devendrafadnavis is at it again!
!
!
from beef to movies.
this is not the maharashtra we all love!
nako!
nako!
yeh sab roko!
i love marathi movies.
let me decide when and where to watch them, devendra fadnavis.
this is nothing but dadagiri.
salman verdict: m'rashtra may move scmumbai, dec 18, 2015, dhns: 0:30 istthe maharashtra government is likely to appeal in the supreme court against the bombay high court verdict acquitting actor salman khan in a 13-year-old drunken-driving and hit-and-run incident, in which one person was killed and four others injured.
however, till friday evening no final decision was taken  and it is expected that by mid-next week, when the nagpur winter session ends, a decision would be taken.
we would go through both the verdicts, of the mumbai sessions court, that conducted the trial, and the bombay high court, advocate general shrihari aney said in aurangabad.
no decision has been taken yet, we will give our opinion, he added.
in related development, chief public prosecutor and government pleader sandeep shinde has submitted his report to the home department which is headed by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
in the report, he has indicated that the verdict was fit for appeal in the supreme court.
he, however, refused to comment on the contents of the report.
i cannot disclose any details as the winter session of the state legislature in going on, said shinde.
meanwhile, judge a r joshi, who acquitted salman khan, retired on friday.
ministers to grace yoga day eventsnew delhi, june 21, 2015, dhns: 0:42 istif prime minister narendra modi will lead the international day of yoga event at rajpath on early sunday morning, his ministerial colleagues and bjp leaders will fan out in different parts of the country to ensure the fitness programme is a success.
union ministers nitin gadkari will be in nagpur along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis while venkaiah naidu will be in chennai, ramvilas paswan in patna, radhamohan singh in motihari of bihar, dharmendra pradhan in bhuvaneshwar, j p nadda in hyderabad and smriti irani in shimla.
bjp president amit shah will also participate at a function in patna, while party patriarch l k advani will also show up in palampur, which is lok sabha member shanta kumar's hometown in himachal pradesh.
on the eve of the international yoga day, union home minister rajnath singh congratulated pakistan national shamshad haidar for teaching yoga to 10,000 people in islamabad in his bid to get over misgivings on the fitness programme.
at a function, rajnath singh said, i congratulate shamshad haidar of pakistan who taught yoga to 10,000 people in islamabad.
terming yoga as countrys biggest gift to the world, singh also stated that, yoga does not separate one religion from another religion.
but, it unites one religion with another religion.
his reaction came since a section of muslim organistions have decided to boycott the event linking it with hindu religion.
a muslim cleric agreed that yoga stood for brotherhood and better health and opposition to it was by ill-informed people.
opposition to yoga is only by some politicians or by people who are ill informed.
yoga stands for brotherhood, muslim cleric mufti shamoon qasmi said.
qasmi said he will be at rajpath to do yoga himself.
bjp can find solution to mahadayi issue: jd(s) mlaoct 21, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:59 istjd(s) mla n h konaraddi on thursday said the mahadayi river water sharing issue of can be resolved through talks if the bjp leaders make up their mind.
the bjp is in power in both maharashtra and goa.
the party leaders in karnataka can convince the chief ministers of the neighbouring states to cooperate with the state in implementing the kalasa-banduri drinking water project.
they can also urge prime minister narendra modi to intervene and resolve the issue, he added.
besides, he said none of the leaders of the bjp and the congress was serious in discussing the issue at the all-party meeting held on wednesday at vidhana soudha.
meanwhile, bjp leader jagadish shettar on thursday said the meeting between the chief ministers of karnataka, maharashtra and goa to resolve the mahadayi river water dispute could now be held on november 3.
the meeting, that was to be chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on october 21 in mumbai, had to be postponed after goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar expressed his inability to attend it.
shettar said he spoke to the goa chief ministers office and got an indication that parsekar wanted the meeting to be held during the first week of next month, preferably november 3.
m'rashtra seeks details from top cop over meeting modimumbai, june 22, 2015, dhns: 1:30 ista day after former ipl boss lalit modis photo with mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria appeared in media, the maharashtra government on sunday sought the details of the july 2014 meeting of the two in london.
on saturday, maria, an officer of the rank of additional director general of police, who has handled and supervised investigations of several important cases, has issued a written statement clarifying that he had met modi when he was in london.
the latter has sought security for him and his family.
we have asked rakesh maria to give information about the meeting and what he had told the media.
the maharashtra government has decided not to act hastily and would wait for marias response.
let the information come to us, the chief minister said.
this is one of the first major controversies that maria is facing.
he has investigated several important cases like the march 12, 1993 serial blasts case, 26/11 terror attacks and the blasts by india mujahideen.
as per the lawyers insistence, we met albeit briefly wherein modi sought the mumbai polices help as he and his family was being threatened by the underworld, he said, adding that he had categorically informed modi that the mumbai police has no jurisdiction in london and that he should return to mumbai to lodge a formal complaint.
lalit modi kept requesting for mumbai police protection.
i reiterated modi and his lawyer that it was imperative for lalit modi to return to mumbai for the mumbai police to initiate any inquiry.
thereafter, the meeting which lasted for 15 to 20 minutes, concluded, maria had stated, adding that he had informed the then home minister late r r patil about the meeting.
probe into 'commercial' use of herald landnagpur, dec 16, 2015, pti: 1:16 istthe maharashtra government has ordered an inquiry into alleged commercial use of the land allotted to associated journals ltd (ajl), publisher of the now-defunct national herald, for setting up the nehru memorial library and research centre in here, according to bjp mumbai unit president ashish shelar.
the congress, however, refuted the allegation and dubbed the probe ordered by chief minister devendrafadnavis as a political stunt.
shelar, a bjp legislator, told reporters here that he had raised the issue on december 10 during the winter session of the state assembly.
according to him, the state government had in 1983 alloted to ajl 3478 sq metres of land in bandra on the western express highway for setting up the nehru centre.
but, no construction was taken up on the plot till 2013.
that year, however, permission for commercial construction was acquired from the mumbai municipal corporation .
sena, bjp call truce to rule civic bodymumbai, nov 7, 2015, dhns: 0:31 istafter an intense war-of-words and one-upmanship, the shiv sena and bjp seem to have called a truce as the alliance partners have started talks to come together to rule the kalyan-dombivli municipal corporation (kdmc ), a key civic body.
the run-up to the elections saw mud-slinging between top leaders of both the parties  including maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
both the parties had contested separately.
sources said industries minister subhash desai, who is close to the thackeray family, had spoken to state bjp president raosaheb patil danve and finance and planning minister sudhir mungantiwar of the bjp is expected to hold talks with eknath shinde, guardian minister of thane district.
with all parties fighting elections separately to capture the 122-member corporation, located 50 km away from downtown mumbai, in thane district, the shiv sena secured 52 seats, 10 short of a simple majority of 62.
the bjp came second with 42 seats.
the raj thackeray-led mns has got nine seats, congress 4, ncp 2, mim 1 while independents/others grabbed 10.
in two seats, the polling was boycotted.
women head to trimbakeshwar temple to break ban, detainedpune, mar 7, 2016, (pti): 20:07 istin a replay of their high-voltage march to shani shingnapur temple, women activists today headed to the famous trimbakeshwar temple in nashik in a bid to break the ban on entry of female devotees into its sanctum sanctorum but were stopped and detained by police at a village about 80 km away from the shrine.
the activists under the banner of bhumata brigade who numbered between 150 and 175 and led by its chief trupti desai were stopped at nandurshingote village by rural police from proceeding to trimbak town in maharashtra's nashik district where pilgrims had gathered in large numbers on the occasion of maha shivratri festival.
they were detained under various sections of the maharashtra police act, a senior police officer said.
located 30 km from nashik town and 160 km from pune, trimbak town has been turned into a fortress in view of the country-wide terror alert and also because of the huge flow of devotees.
desai had left pune earlier in the day trooping nearly 150-175 activists in vehicles as part of her plan to push for entry of women into the garbhagriha (sanctum sanctorum) of the ancient temple which houses one of the 12 jyotirlingas.
before setting out, she made a plea to chief minister devendrafadnavis to make sure that their members are not detained on the way, as the authorities did during the earlier campaign.
since the chief minister had supported us on the shani shinganapur issue, we hope that we are not stopped today and will be allowed to enter the 'garbhagriha', desai, who chose the occasion of maha shivratri to resume their campaign, told pti.
on this auspicious day, we feel that the local administration will allow us inside the inner chamber of the temple and if we are restricted, it would be an insult to women on the eve of international women's day and on the day of maha shivratri, said desai before setting out to nashik.
desai and her activists were stopped from proceeding to shani shingnapur temple in ahmednanagar district on january 26 when police detained them at a village 70 km away from the shrine.
nashik rural police had tightened security around the temple to avoid a face-off with deployment of addtional forces and barricades putting up barricades.
opposing the campaign, certain local outfits like mahila dakshata samiti, sharada mahila mandal, purohit sangh and others have came together threatening to stop the activists if they sought to breach the prohibited area.
as per tradition followed since past many years, women are not allowed in temple's garbha-grih for worship while men are allowed for an hour between 6 am to 7 am in the morning, but wearing sovala (a silk dhoti) for offering pooja to lord shiva.
desai had stirred a national debate on gender bias at various temples across the country with her attempt to enter the inner platform (chauthara) at the shingnapur temple where women are traditionally not allowed to worship.
the rights group's march on republic day, joined by over 400 women, was stalled by police stopping the marchers at supa village, 70 km away from the shrine.
a mediation effort by spiritual guru sri sri ravishankar also failed to end the deadlock on the issue with desai refusing to accept the 'tirupati model' of darshan that would keep both men and women away from the inner sanctum which houses a rock idol of lord shani.
according to kailas ghule, member of the trimbakeshwar temple trust, the bar on entry of women into the sanctum sanctorum is an age-old tradition and not something enforced in recent times.
women, however, can have 'darshan' from outside the core area.
he said men too are not allowed into the core worship area for an hour between 6 and 7 am on all days.
as per tradition, only men are allowed entry into the area where the main 'linga' is placed, that too by adorning a specific gear called the sovala (silk clothing).
seeking to give a scientific angle to the practice, they said there are certain rays that concentrate in the core area which could probably be harmful to the health of women.
meanwhile, temple premises witnessed a flutter earlier in the day as a sadhvi sought to enter the area where women are banned.
sadhvi harisiddha giri of juna akhada was stopped from entering the inner sanctum of the temple there by local women and members of the devasthan trust, a police official said.
the sadhvi then sat on a fast outside demanding that women be allowed to enter the place.
i am representing all women of the country (requesting) to allow us entry into the temple's 'garbha griha' (sanctum sanctorum), but as per tradition women are not allowed to enter it, she said.
sena to keep off fadnavis swearing-inmumbai, oct 30, 2014, dhns: 1:11 istthe face of middle-class, bjps devendrafadnavis , a master-planner and orator par excellence with mr clean image, will be sworn in as the 27th chief minister of maharashtra on friday at an impressive ceremony at the wankhede stadium here.
however, the shiv sena is unlikely to join the bjp-led government at this stage and power-sharing agreement is yet to be clinched.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray has chaired a series of meetings over the last two days with his close aides  but a convincing deal is yet to be arrived at.
shiv sena leaders and mlas, as of now, have decided to refrain from attending the event.
fadnavis, 44, would be sworn in with a compact group of ministers of the bjp and other allies and independents would not be taken on-board pending negotiations with the shiv sena.
fadnavis, a four-term mla from nagpur, will be administered the oath of office by governor ch vidyasagar rao in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, several of his cabinet colleagues, bjp president amit shah, chief ministers of bjp-ruled states, corporate leaders, bollywood stars, sportspersons and other celebrities.
fadnavis on thursday visited new delhi and met modi, shah and shipping minister nitin gadkari  to finalise the portfolios.
a small cabinet of around ten ministers, including state bjp core committee members eknath khadse, sudhir mungantiwar, vinod tawde and pankaja munde, would be sworn in.
some scheduled caste and scheduled tribe mlas are also likely to be inducted.
the ministrys expansion would be taken up once the bjp wins a trust vote.
the sharad pawar-led ncp has extended unconditional outside support and decided to abstain during the vote of confidence  in favour of bjp, but the saffron party is yet to take a call on the offer of ncp.
talks with shiv sena going on very amicably.
no outcome yet.
seems unlikely shiv sena will be part of government as of now, bjp general secretary rajiv pratap rudy said.
however, another general secretary om prakash mathur said: no proposal has come so far from the shiv sena.
shiv sena leader vinayak raut said that several of shiv sena mlas and leaders feel that the party is not getting enough respect.
as of now we have decided not to go.
.
.
.
but by tomorrow if things are favourable, we may change our decision, he said.
sena mp and spokesman sanjay raut said, positive talks were on between the two parties.
we wholeheartedly welcome the new chief minister of maharashtra we are confident that with narendra (modi) in delhi and devendra (fadnavis) in maharashtra, nobody can prevent achhe din (good days) from coming to maharashtra, the shiv sena said in an editorial that appeared in mouthpieces  saamna in marathi and its hindi version dophar ka saamna.
approx 64 pc turn out recorded in maha assembly pollmumbai, oct 15, 2014, (pti): 20:09 istan estimated 64 per cent of maharashtra's 8.
35 crore voters today cast their ballots in a bitterly-fought election that pollsters said will throw up a hung assembly with bjp emerging as the single-largest party but falling short of a majority in the 288-member house.
approximately 64 per cent polling has been recorded by 6 pm.
the exact details are being worked out, sources in the office of the state's chief electoral officer said.
the poll, considered the first major test of prime minister narendra modi's popularity after lok sabha election, passed off peacefully.
prominent among those whose electoral fate will be decided when counting takes place on sunday include former chief minister prithviraj chavan, his deputy and senior ncp leader ajit pawar, state bjp president devendrafadnavis , leader of opposition in the legislative assembly eknath khadse, his counterpart in legislative council vinod tawde (both bjp), shiv sena leader in the outgoing assembly subhash desai and his mns counterpart bala nandgaonkar.
polling started on a brisk note, slowed down around noon but again picked up and about 55 per cent of the electorate had cast their votes by 5 pm, officials said.
technical problems in electronic voting machines (evms) were reported from some polling booths in nagpur city and wardha district in vidarbha, and sewree in mumbai.
voters in a nashik booth also complained that the electoral rolls were not in order.
a policeman on election duty was killed after being struck by lightning in avdeghat polling station of savner constituency in vidarbha, where polling in some parts was marred by rains.
the election, first in over two decades without any major pre-poll alliances in place after bjp snapped its 25-year-old ties with shiv sena and ncp broke off its partnership with congress after a 15-year shot at power in the state, will also test the individual mettle of the parties.
raj thackeray's mns, after a drubbing in lok sabha poll, is seeking to emerge as x factor and the king maker in the contest where multiplicity of parties is expected to drastically reduce victory margins.
bjp membership crosses 10 crnew delhi, apr 19, 2015, (pti): 22:30 istbjp today claimed to have crossed the 10-crore membership mark to become the largest party in the world.
the occasion was celebrated at the party's headquarters here with bursting of crackers and slogan-shouting.
party president amit shah was given a standing ovation at the concluding session of a day-long workshop organised by bjp parliamentary party.
at the concluding session, party president amit shah was there and the bjp parliamentary party gave him a standing ovation on the completition of his 10 crore membership.
we have become the largest political party in the world among the democratic countries, union minister venakaih naidu told reporters after the workshop.
earlier in the day, a number of party workers gathered at bjp headquarters at ashoka road and celebrated soon after the digital baord displayed there saw the membership crossing the 10-crore mark.
giving credit to narendra modi and amit shah for the party's feat, bjp's national convener of membership campaign dr dinesh sharma in mumbai said that by the end of this month, the membership figure could mount to 11 crore.
the enrolment drive will continue till april 30.
sharma, who is also the national vice president of the party, was in mumbai to take part in a programme in bhayander.
maharashtra has contributed one crore enrolments in the campaign.
when we started our membership drive in november 2014, we had a target to enrol 10 crore members and it was no surprise, we achieved our target 11 days prior to it, he told pti.
lauding maharashtra's chief minister devendrafadnavis for his contribution in the membership drive in the state, sharma said, for some time, he (fadnavis) was also the state president of bjp.
so apart from grass root workers, the credit goes to him as well.
sharma, who is also the mayor of lucknow, said, maharashtra is the 19th state, where i have found that our campaign has been driven most successfully.
.
.
after enrolment, bjp intends to start the mahasampark abhiyan for the training 15 lakh chosen members from among the new recruits.
replying to a query on congress' criticism of the saffron party, sharma said, when they were in power, they used to celebrate it, and when we are in power, we have a direct contact with the people of country.
they cannot digest our positive approach.
mumbai, oct 12 , 2015, (pti) 10:53 istshiv sena activists today allegedly smeared black ink on the face of orf chairman sudheendra kulkarni for organising former pakistan foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri's book launch here.
shiv sena activists threw ink at me and smeared my face.
they abused me, kulkarni alleged and said that his observer and research foundation (orf), a foreign policy think-tank, will hold kasuri's book launch as planned here later today.
we won't be cowed down by such events and the book launch will happen as planned, the organiser said.
meanwhile, reacting to the ink attack on kulkarni, senior shiv sena leader sanjay raut said smearing ink is a very mild form of democratic protest.
we don't know if ink or tar was smeared.
nobody can foretell how public anger will explode, raut said.
kasuri is scheduled to attend the launch of his book 'neither a hawk nor a dove: an insider's account of pakistan's foreign policy' in mumbai.
sena had demanded that the event be scrapped and had threatened to disrupt it.
maharashtra's home department, headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis , had, however, assured the organiser of full security.
kulkarni had met sena chief uddhav thackeray at the latter's residence 'matoshree' here late last night, but left without getting any assurance from him.
he had earlier also said that the event will go on as planned as they have been assured full security by police.
the shiv sena had earlier threatened to disrupt ghulam ali's concerts, leading to cancellation of the pakistani ghazal singer's events in mumbai and pune recently.
i pointed out to uddhavji that kasuri should be allowed to put forth his views.
i also told him that if sena has a different view point, they could protest in a democratic, peaceful manner, kulkarni earlier told pti.
the sena president told me that unlike ghulam ali, kasuri was not an artist but was part of the machinery which perpetrated terror, he said.
i told uddhavji that as they (sena) have a right to protest peacefully, we also have the right to hold the programme, he said.
i informed him that kasuri was pakistan foreign minister during 2002-07 and was not a minister when the 2008 mumbai terror attack happened, he said.
it was brought to the sena leader's attention that kasuri in his book has criticised non-state actors perpetrating terror, said kulkarni, who has served as speechwriter for bjp veterans atal bihari vajpayee and l k advani.
the sena, which shares power with the bjp in maharashtra, has written to the director of worli's nehru centre, the launch venue, to cancel the event because of the pakistan connection.
ten sena ministers sworn inmumbai, dec 5, 2014, dhns: 0:55 istthe shiv sena on friday formally joined the bjp-led government in maharashtra, ushering in political stability.
ten shiv sena members and an equal number of bjp members were sworn-in as chief minister devendrafadnavis undertook the first expansion of his council of ministers taking the strength from 10 to 30.
after the nagpur winter session of the maharashtra legislature, another round of expansion will take place where two sena members will be accommodated in the ministry and from four other alliesramdas athawale-led republican party of india, mahadev jankar-led rashtriya samaj paksha, vinayak mete-led shiv sangram and raju shetti-led swabhimani shetkari sangathanaon october 31, a 10-member ministry of the bjp was sworn-in, which included eight cabinet ministers and two ministers of state (mos).
on friday, 20 ministers10 each from the sena and bjp were sworn-in.
these include five cabinet and five mos from both the sides.
journalist killed in maharashtrathane (maharashtra), july 17, 2015, (ians) 22:28 ista journalist was killed and two other people were critically injured when they were attacked shortly after covering a raid on a ladies bar on friday, police said.
the body of raghavendra dube, an editor with a local newsweekly, was found a short distance away from the white house bar in mira road town, a suburb of mumbai.
police said journalists shashi sharma, anil nautiyal and santosh mishra had gone to the bar to cover the raid but were allegedly attacked by some unidentified people.
on hearing about the raid and assault on his professional colleagues, dube reached the spot around 3 a.
m.
on friday and later went to mira road police station where a large number of bar owners and their staffers were present.
it was not clear what transpired there, but he left the police station around 4.
30 a.
m.
and an hour later his body was recovered a short distance away.
according to police, dube was attacked with iron rods and other weapons and sustained severe injuries on the head and body.
his body has been sent for an autopsy.
superintendent of police, thane (rural), rajesh pradhan told media persons that at least six people were detained in connection with the incidents.
the incident came a day after some print and television journalists were abused and manhandled by a group of hoodlums when they went to cover a gas cylinder blast in suburban mumbai which killed four members of a family.
meanwhile, delegation of mumbai journalists called on chief minister devendrafadnavis and demanded that the attackers in these cases must be dealt with seriously and booked under non-bailable sections.
mamata invites pak singer to perform in kolkatakolkata, oct 09, 2015, dhns: 0:45 ista day after the shiv sena succeeded in cancelling the mumbai concert of pakistani ghazal maestro ghulam ali, west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee invited the singer to kolkata through a tweet.
banerjee, who is currently in bhutan, said in her tweet posted on thursday: music has no boundaries.
music is the rhythm of the heart.
ghulam ali ji concert can be held in kolkata.
we will make all arrangements.
banerjees tweet came within hours after delhi tourism minister kapil mishra extended a similar invitation to ali.
the mumbai concert of the 74-year-old singer scheduled to commemorate the fourth death anniversary of ghazal singer jagjit singh was cancelled after the sena threatened to disrupt it, saying no one from pakistan will be allowed to perform in the city in the backdrop of cross-border terrorism.
the organisers cancelled the concert after a meeting with sena chief uddhav thackeray even though maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured of adequate protection to ali.
mumbai, nov 19, 2015, (pti) 13:46 istmaharashtra government has put on 'high alert' some spots in mumbai that see a substantial inflow of foreign tourists, after the state intelligence department (sid) received inputs of possible terror strike in those areas.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , who held a security review meeting yesterday, ordered that security be stepped up in such areas.
the meeting was chaired by fadnavis, who also heads the home department, and included both ministers of state for home ranjit patil and ram shinde, along with additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi, state director general of police pravin dixit, senior officials from the sid and anti-terrorism squad (ats).
following inputs by the sid of a possible terror strike, the mumbai police was yesterday asked to enhance the security cover at all places that see a substantial footfall of foreign tourists.
places like gateway of india, 5 and 7-star hotels have been put on high alert, an official, who was part of yesterday's meeting, told pti.
the enhanced security measures will be in place for the next 15 days, following which another security review meeting will be held, the official said.
if the high threat risk persists even after a fortnight, we will continue with the security arrangements, he said.
the threat of a terror attack on establishments comes in the backdrop of the deadly terrorist attacks in paris, in which 129 people were killed and over 350 wounded.
maha beef ban due to 'vote bank politics': tradersmumbai, mar 5, 2015 (pti) 20:03 istdays after a maharashtra bill banning beef got presidential assent, traders association of the red meat have come out strongly against the bjp-led state government, accusing it of snatching their livelihood for the sake of vote bank politics.
it is the duty of every government in the world to provide employment to its citizens.
but this government has taken away our source of livelihood.
business that has been developed through generations has been destroyed in an instant only because of vote bank politics, said beef traders' association president abdul qureshi.
though the slaughter of cows was previously prohibited in the state under the maharashtra animal preservation act of 1976, the passage of the new act will ban the slaughter of bulls as well as bullocks, which was previously allowed based on a fit-for-slaughter certificate.
the maharashtra animal preservation (amendment) bill, 1995 received assent of president pranab mukherjee on march 2.
maharashtra's contribution to the country's buffalo meat market is about 25 per cent, with more than 1,000 animals being slaughtered daily in pune district.
each animal provides an average 200 kgs of meat.
what does the government expect us to do now?
how do we sustain our families?
we should at least be allowed to slaughter the cattle that we already have so that we do not incur losses on our invested money, he said.
last month, beef traders had gone on an indefinite strike to protest against right-wing groups which were allegedly seizing their cattle.
the strike was called off after chief minister devendrafadnavis assured them that their business would not be affected.
juveria shaikh, owner of shalimar group of hotels in mumbai, said beef should not only be looked from a religious perspective, but also from an economical perspective.
though we do not serve beef, but there are thousands of hotels across the state that serve beef to their customers.
banning the slaughter of animals will mean that their businesses will get affected severely.
also, beef is much more cheap than chicken and goat meat.
won't this hassle people from the lower-income group?
eating something is an individual's choice.
this choice cannot be trampled upon, shaikh said.
meanwhile, neighbouring goa, also ruled by bjp, is facing shortage of beef reportedly due to the ban in maharashtra.
however, the state government clarified today the scarcity of the red meat has nothing to do with maharashtra.
fadnavis tweets create buzz on mmrca dealnew delhi, april 16, 2015, dhns: 1:40 istamid speculations over purchase of fighter aircraft for the iaf, three tweets by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have created a buzz in the national capital on whether the narendra modi government would ask a foreign vendor to set up a manufacturing plant for fighter aircraft in india.
fadnavis visited swedish firm saabs aircraft manufacturing facility at linkping on wednesday and thanked the company for showing interest in make in india and make in maharashtra schemes.
he met saab chairman marcus wallenberg and promised a defence manufacturing policy in maharashtra soon.
the tweets added fuel to speculations on the fate of the medium multi-role combat aircraft (mmrca) deal because they follow defence minister manohar parrikars suggestions that a single-engine light weight aircraft can replace the indian air forces ageing mig-21 and mig-27 fleets that would be phased out in the next six to 10 years.
centre recognises belagavi as part of k'taka: ananthbelagavi: jan 20, 2016, dhns 2:38 istunion minister for chemicals and fertilisers h n ananth kumar said on tuesday that the union government recognises belagavi, khanapur, nippani and karwar were integral parts of the state and that there was no need for any confusion.
the minister said that he would speak to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , urging him not to disturb the peaceful environment in the state by raking up the boundary row or create confusion on the issue as it had been resolved already.
dispute resolvedthe karnataka-maharashtra boundary dispute had been resolved as per the report of the mahajan commission, kumar said.
speaking at the vijay sankalp samavesh organised by the bjp here, kumar said that the mahajan commission report had acknowledged that belagavi, khanapur, nippani and karwar were integral parts of the state and would remain so.
the union government had appointed the mahajan commission after both the states had promised to abide by its report, he said.
video of cops thrashing mumbai girl goes viralmumbai, sept 29, 2015, dhns 1:15 ista video of a girl being slapped, pushed and beaten up by female cops at a famous ganpati mandal had gone viral, prompting maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to order for more details.
i have asked for more details from the police, fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio, told reporters about the incident that happened at lalbaug-cha-raja.
a marathi tv channel beamed the footage, possibly taken on friday, on monday night and it had gone viral on social media since then.
the girl, a resident of mira road, is seen trying to shield herself from the constables blows as the cops thrashed and dragged her out.
a man was also seen trying to wade in and protect the girl.
a report has to be submitted in 48-hours and if anyone is found guilty, strict action will be taken, minister of state for home ram shinde said.
some reports said the girl was dragged out as she entered the vip queue.
in another incident, poonam apraj, a woman journalist with a marathi newspaper and secretary of womens journalist association, was booked and fined under section 110 of bombay police act for shooting a video at lalbaug-cha-raja friday night.
new delhi/kolkata/mumbai, nov 21, 2016, pti 19:02 istin a rare show of unity, ten major opposition parties today came together and resolved to corner the government on demonetisation within and outside parliament even as congress leader rahul gandhi alleged banks were giving cash to a few through the back door while the poor were made to stand in queues.
finding a common ground on demonetisation which has caused hardship to people, leaders of congress, trinamool congress, jd(u), bsp, cpi(m), cpi, ncp, rjd, jmm and dmk held a meeting in the national capital this morning to forge a common plan of action with an aim of mounting attack on the government.
leaders of these parties will hold such strategy sessions every morning before parliament assembles during the ongoing winter session, sources said.
it was decided that mps of these 10 parties will stage a sit-in near mahatma gandhi's statue in the parliament complex on wednesday.
this will be followed by a march to rashtrapati bhawan, date for which is being worked out, the sources said.
congress vice president rahul gandhi, who visited several atms this morning and interacted with people, claimed he was told that cash was being taken out surreptitiously from the back door in the banks for a few selected people while there were long queues of common people waiting outside for hours.
they said they are in the queue and deals are being made and cash is taken out from back door.
and some selected people are given that cash.
those who are rich getting that and those who are poor they are made to stand in the queue.
they will be in the queue for three days and then they will leave (without cash).
people are facing losses because of this, he said.
on prime minister narendra modi's remark that the country will come out like gold after this exercise, the congress leader said, i feel the coffers of the pm's own 15 or 20 people's will be filled up and their loans will be waived.
poor people, those who are in the queue, will only suffer losses.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee alleged the prime minister was threatening parties raising voice against demonetisation and said she will hit the delhi streets tomorrow to protest against the government action.
the prime minister is threatening other parties who are raising their voice against demonetisation.
pm should be sober.
pm should behave like a pm.
if necessary, he should convene an all-party meeting on the issue, banerjee told a press conference in kolkata.
there is no ego fight.
there should be a plan of action on demonetisation.
my humble submission is that let us work together to solve the issue.
the people are suffering, the trinamool congress supremo said.
bjp hit back at banjerjee, accusing her of spreading canards about demonetisation and asked her to come clean on the charge that her party received huge funds from a fictitious company before 2014 lok sabha polls.
mamata banerjee resembles the comic character of 'betal'.
she keeps on blabbering lies, false statements and canards.
she should stop spreading those lies.
she is questioning the prime minister, but what is her credibility?
bjp general secretary siddharth nath singh said.
she had arrested a professor for circulating cartoons and a farmer for seeking a clarification regarding crops.
she had asked the police administration to harass a college student for questioning her.
she should not make those statements, siddharth nath singh said.
prime minister modi had told a rally in agra yesterday said that political leaders behind multi-crore chit fund scams were attacking him because they had been hit hard by demonetisation, indirectly referring to mamata banerjee.
she is yet to answer our queries about the involvement of her party leaders in narada and saradha scam.
i would like to ask her what is the basis of the huge donation that her party had received from a fictitious company.
from where did this black money come?
singh said.
mamata banerjee said besides delhi she will go to lucknow and places in bihar and punjab to protest against demonetisation.
this is not a political issue.
we are speaking on behalf of commoners.
markets are closed.
small traders are hit, she said, adding i have no personal interest.
i am doing this for the sake of the people of the country.
centre's demonetisation move is a plan which even the country's worst enemies would not be able to better, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury alleged as he targeted the modi dispensation over withdrawal of rs 1000 and rs 500 notes.
he said the recovery of unpaid bank loans from corporates should have been the government's priority instead of demonetisation, which has hurt only the poor.
even if our worst enemies wanted to hurt rural india, after two drought years, they couldn't have made a better plan #demonetisationdisaster.
recovering unpaid bank loans from rich corporates should have been govt's priority instead of #demonetisation which has hurt only the poor, yechury said on twitter.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal exhorted people to change pm, not notes.
kejriwal continued to target modi over the issue, asking the latter to come clear on his relations with a mobile wallet company, claiming its business has seen an upswing since demonetisation.
note nahi, pm badlo (change pm, not note), the chief minister, who is touring poll-bound punjab, tweeted.
in another tweet, he urged modi to either waive loans of farmers or deposit rs 10,000 in each jan dhan account using the money deposited by people in banks since november 10, the day banking operations resumed post demonetisation.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis defended the demonetisation decision, saying those opposing modi were harming the country and that people should come together to win this decisive battle against black money.
we are going towards a new economic independence.
now, you have to decide whether you want to become a soldier in the battle for economic freedom or whether you want to become a 'desh virodhak' (those against the country), he said addressing a campaign rally for municipal polls in ratnagiri.
netaji family plans rallies across indiakolkata, jun 1, 2015 (pti) 19:09 istdemanding declassification of netaji files, family members of the late freedom fighter would take out a series of rallies in different cities of the country.
on june 5, under the banner of mumbai-based netaji subhas ekta manch, some members of netaji family including chandra kumar bose (bose's grand nephew), ardhendu bose and suneepa dutta would hold a rally and public meeting in mumbai's azad maidan.
on the same day, another rally has been planned in varanasi, prime minister narendra modi's lok sabha constituency, where netaji researcher anuj dhar would be present along with some other family members.
we are getting support on the declassification issue from people in different cities.
in association with local clubs, netaji lovers and other organisations, we have planned a series of rallies in different cities.
this will help us put pressure on the government to declassify files, netaji's grand nephew chandra bose said.
he said they are also planning rallies in silchar, bangalore and bhubaneswar later in the month.
when in mumbai, they will also submit a memorandum to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking support for their demands.
mumbai: september 10, 2016, dhns 1:26 istfadnavis swings into action after comedian's bribe tweetstand-up comedian kapil sharmas tweet to prime minister narendra modi on being asked bribe by mumbai civic officials snowballed into a major political controversy on friday.
it now appears that the tv host himself is on the wrong side of law.
political parties, including the bjp, shiv sena and mns, gunned for the 35-year-old actor even as the opposition congress and ncp, which defended him early in the day, later targeted the ruling alliance for corruption in the civic body.
in a two- tweets, the actor targeted modi, the maharashtra government and the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
i am paying 15 cr income tax from last 5 year n still i have to pay 5 lakhs bribe to bmc office for making my officeyeh hain aapke achhe din?
@narendramodi, sharma tweeted.
soon, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted back and announced a probe and also asked municipal commissioner ajoy mehta to look into the issue.
kapilbhai pls provide all info.
have directed mc, bmc to take strictest action.
we will not spare the culprit.
@kapilsharmak9 @narendramodi, fadnavis posted on twitter.
pressure on actorshiv sena president uddhav thackerays son and yuva sena chief aditya thackeray also mounted pressure on the actor.
@kapilsharmak9 thank you for being an alert mumbaikar.
would request you to assist mayor and the mc to help in the drive against corruption, he tweeted.
meanwhile, bmcs chief engineer (vigilance) manohar pawar sent a letter to sharma seeking information from his side and assured that the disclosure would be kept confidential.
illegal constructionlater, it came to light that an unauthorised construction by the actor on his property was demolished by the bmc on august 4.
the actor was issued a stop work notice and a copy was also marked to the versova police station.
when reports of violation came to light, kapil tweeted: i just voiced my concern on the corruption i faced with certain individuals.
.
its no blame on any political party be it bjp, mns or shiv sena.
mumbai: feb 23, 2017, dhns: 1:54 istthe shiv sena and bjp are quite a distance away from the magic figure of 114 in the 227-ward brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), the biggest civic body of asia, which was handed out a fractured mandate on thursday.
however, with the shiv sena at 84 and the bjp at 82, it has thrown open multiple possibilities and permutations and combinations.
for the shiv sena, it is going to be the call of its president uddhav thackeray, while maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis  the architect of the bjps landslide victory in the civic elections  may have to consult prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
according to the mumbai municipal corporation act  mayor means the mayor of the corporation elected by the elected councillors from amongst themselves under section 37ib.
hence, the fate of the new mayor depends entirely on the new corporators.
however, the bruhat bengaluru mahanagara palike (bbmp) rules clearly specify that any party candidate who secures the maximum votes from the electorate (comprising councillors, local mps, mlas and mlcs) is eligible to become the mayor.
the peoples mandate is clear.
.
.
both the parties need to come together.
.
.
that is more logical and practical, according to veteran journalist and political analyst prakash akolkar, who was the first to write the biography of the shiv sena.
to reach the figure of 114, the shiv sena needs 30 more seats while the bjp needs 32.
this has made the situation critical.
.
.
such a block is with the congress that has won 31 seats, a senior politician said, adding that the congress is ideologically different from the bjp and the shiv sena.
there is no question of the congress supporting the bjp, but there is a chance of the congress indirectly supporting the sena to prevent bjp grabbing the mayors seat, said a political analyst.
as far as the maharashtra navnirman sena is concerned, it has won 7 seats, but which side raj thackeray would go is anybodys guess.
before the polls, raj had dialled uddhav seven times looking for a possible tie-up, but the latter did not pick the call.
.
.
on the other hand the one-time admirer of modi for the gujarat model has become one of his harshest critics, a political observer said.
the mns and the ncp (9 seats) together form a bloc of 16  and that is way short.
among the 14 others include three from hyderabad-based owaisi-brothers majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen (mim)  and they are unlikely to support either the bjp or the shiv sena.
communist leader pansare, wife shot; cm promises actionkolhapur (maha), feb 16 (pti) 14:57 istsenior cpi leader govind pansare, who led a campaign against road toll tax, and his wife were today shot at by motorcycle-borne assailants near their house here, prompting widespread condemnation of the incident.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and ncp chief sharad pawar were among the first to condemn the attack on pansar, who was at the forefront of a recent anti-toll agitation in kolhapur.
the assailants fired at pansare and his wife this morning outside the ideal housing society here, when the couple was returning after their daily morning walk from shivaji university.
while pansare was hit by bullets on the nape of his neck and another brushing his hand, his wife sau uma pansare suffered a single bullet injury, kolhapur superintendent of police, omprakash sharma told pti.
they were rushed to aster aadhar hospital here.
pansare is said to be in a critical condition while his wife is out of danger, police said.
condemning the incident, pawar said, this attack is a matter of concern for a progressive state like maharashtra.
ncp lok sabha member supriya sule said the government must take strong action to stop such cowardly acts.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray spoke to the chief minister, demanding that the assailants be nabbed.
leader of opposition in maharashtra assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil sought dismissal of the state police chief, saying he was not competent enough to tackle the law and order situation.
the state needs a full time home minister, he said.
the portfolio is held by fadnavis.
later, minister of state for home ram shinde left for kolhapur to take stock of the incident.
bharipa bahujan mahasangh leader prakash ambedkar warned that there would be retaliation from people if the government does not take strong action against those trying to suppress the liberal and progressive views.
sadanand more, president of the akhbil bhartiya marathi sahitya sammelan-2015, said the attack was an attempt to stop the liberal and progressive views.
the kind of atmosphere prevailing in maharashtra is vitiating, more said.
bollywood music composer duo sajid-wajid join bjpmumbai, dec 25, 2016, (pti) 10:31 istbollywood music composer duo sajid and wajid ali today joined bjp in the presence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis here.
the two musician brothers joined the saffron party at a programme organised by bjp's youth wing on the occasion of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee's birthday.
there is only one promise we can make ourselves on atal-ji's birthday, to make india corruption-free.
during his tenure (as the pm) atal-ji brought immense repute to the country in the international arena, he said and added that whatever bjp is today is because of vajpayee.
co-passengers come out in support of maharashtra cm fadnavisnew york, jul 3, 2015, (pti) 10:25 isttwo passengers travelling on the same us-bound air india aircraft from mumbai as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis have come out in his support, saying he did not delay the flight even as he has threatened legal action once he returns to india.
an angry fadnavis had tweeted yesterday that he would file for defamation once he was back in the country over the controversy of his delegation delaying the air india flight from mumbai to new york on june 29.
enough is enough.
once i'm back to india i will initiate proceedings of criminal defamation, he had tweeted.
following the tweets by the chief minister, two persons on the same flight took to the micro-blogging site to support him saying he did not delay the flight.
@dev_fadnavis i was present in the flight ai 191.
cm and delegation reached in time.
flight delayed due to immigration problem, a user by the name of dushyant tweeted.
according to his twitter profile @dushyantkagarwa, he is an author and freelance journalist based in udaipur.
another twitter user arvind shah tweeted, @dev_fadnavis i was in ai 191 and sitting behind cm in seat (8d), he neither called or try to delay flight, he was busy reading file.
both the tweets were retweeted by fadnavis, who had first denied the allegation that he had forced to delay the flight to new york in a tweet on june 30.
he had said the allegations werefalse & misleading.
the incident took place on monday when fadnavis was leaving on week-long visit to the us along with industries minister subhash desai, chief secretary swadheen kshatriya andprincipal secretary pravin pardeshi.
as per media reports, pardeshi was cleared at the check-in, but was held back as the passport he was carrying did not have a valid us visa.
he had a valid us visa on his old passport and he arranged to bring it, only afterwhich he was allowed to proceed to the aircraft.
congress has targeted fadnavis over the issue, withformer chief minister prithviraj chavan demanding thathe should apologise if he hadcaused the delay.
mumbai, apr 23, 2015, (pti) 12:56 istruling alliance partner shiv sena today hailed the scrapping of mumbai development plan 2034, even as it questioned the time frame of four months given by maharashtra government to bmc to prepare a fresh version.
alleging that mumbai is being constantly looted, the sena said the blueprint, which was replete with errors, had no developmental agenda for the city.
that is why we were opposing the development plan (dp).
it's good that the cm consigned this sin of dp to flames that could have spoilt the city, an editorial in sena mouthpiece 'saamana' said.
the state government had on tuesday scrapped the controversial mumbai development plan that could have shrunk the city's open spaces and led to increased congestion, in the face of stiff opposition from political parties and social activists.
the decision to shelve the development plan 2034 was taken at a meeting of the state cabinet chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis , who directed the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) to prepare a fresh plan within four months.
the state government has asked the bmc to correct the mistakes in the dp and submit a reworked plan within four months.
this plan had atleast 10,000 mistakes in it.
how can so many mistakes be corrected and a new plan be made in such a short span of time?
mumbai is not a gram panchayat.
the city's population has touched 1.
25 crore and this has affected the facilities being provided to citizens, the sena said.
there are multi-storey towers being built in the city, the sena said and asked how will they be provided amenities like drinking water, health facilities, roads and drainage.
the bmc should only pick up waste of the city and ensure water and air pollution is stopped.
if a major chunk of bmc revenue goes to the central government coffers and the remaining is spent on paying salaries, how much will be left for the city's development?
it further asked.
for the rejuvenation of ganga river, the prime minister has invited japanese companies to varanasi.
we do not ask for money from foreign nations, but only the money which is due to mumbai.
we have not got it for so many years, rued the sena which controls the mumbai civic body along with the bjp.
will vote against bjp in maha trust vote, ready to sit in oppn, says shiv senamumbai, nov 12, 2014,.
pti: 13:14 isthours before devendrafadnavis government faces trust vote, the shiv sena today said it will vote against it in the maharashtra assembly.
shiv sena has decided to sit in opposition.
we will vote against the trust vote, senior sena leader ramdas kadam told reporters at vidhan bhawan here.
we have lost faith in them (bjp), kadam said.
after sena president uddhav thackeray addressed a meeting of party legislators here last night, sena sources had said he will announce the party's stand on trust vote today.
meanwhile, the bjp said the decision of sena, with which it had an alliance for 25 years in maharashtra, was not in the state's interest.
the sena's decision is against the interests of maharashtra, state finance minister sudhir mungantiwar said.
kadam said the bjp had requested the shiv sena to support it during the trust vote.
we declined.
if we don't get the leader of opposition post, we will protest outside the speaker's chamber, he said.
kadam and milind narvekar, an aide of sena chief uddhav thackeray, earlier today met chief minister devendra fadnavis.
the appointment of leader of opposition is listed in the day's agenda of the assembly session.
uddhav had earlier written a letter to state assembly secretary seeking the post of leader of opposition for its legislature party leader eknath shinde while pointing out that sena is the second largest party in the house with 63 mlas.
to a question on why the sena had withdrawn its candidate for the assembly speaker's post, kadam said the speaker's election is normally unanimous and unopposed.
security to be provided to visiting dignitaries: fadnavismumbai, oct 12, 2015, pti: 14:49 istagainst the backdrop of paint smearing attack on sudheendra kulkarni and cancellation of ghulam ali's concert due to shiv sena opposition, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said security will be provided to all dignitaries visiting the state.
it's our government's responsibility to provide security to all foreigners, diplomats or dignitaries who are allowed on proper visa, he said after kulkarni was smeared with paint for deciding to go ahead with former pakistan foreign minister's book launch here.
the attack on kulkarni drew sharp condemnation from parties, with congress saying that the idea of india as the most liberal democratic country, despite all our neighbours having gone the other way, is being destroyed in the root.
defending the action of party activists, senior shiv sena leader sanjay raut said smearing ink is a very mild form of democratic protest.
they are so upset about ink.
imagine when our soldiers are killed and their blood is spilled.
it is not ink, it is the blood of our soldiers.
kasuri's book 'neither a hawk nor a dove: an insider's account of pakistan's foreign policy', which was recently unveiled in delhi, is set to be launched in mumbai today.
sena had demanded that the event be scrapped and had threatened to disrupt it.
kulkarni, who has served as speech writer for bjp veterans atal bihari vajpayee and l k advani, had met sena chief uddhav thackeray at the latter's residence 'matoshree' here late last night, but left without getting any assurance from him.
ncp removes maharashtra council chief with bjp helpmumbai: march 17, 2015, dhns: 1:39 istshiv sena abstains from voting; cong protestsin a major political development that signals the growing friendship between the ncp and the bjp, the sharad pawar-led party on monday managed to oust shivajirao deshmukh of the congress as chairman of the maharashtra legislative council, with bjps support.
this comes as a major shot in the arm for chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is often facing trouble from the shiv sena, bjps alliance partner, with the latter opposing the government on several important issues.
the development comes in the wake of february 14 valentines day bridge-building meeting between pawar and prime minister narendra modi.
ncps ramraje naik-nimbalkar is tipped to be the next chairman.
the no-confidence motion against deshmukh saw 45 mlcs voting in favour and 22 against it.
the shiv sena abstained from voting.
the strength of the council is 78.
with 28 members, the ncp is the single-largest party followed by the congress (21), the bjp (12) and the shiv sena (7), independents (7), lok bharti (1) and peoples republican party (1).
the ncp had initially expected that deshmukh would resign.
however, he preferred to face the test in the house.
in the earlier scheme of things during the congress-ncp government, while deshmukh was chairman, vasant davkare of ncp was deputy chairman.
after the elections, when political scene changed, ncps dhananjay munde was elected leader of opposition.
we have supported the ncp for prime minister narendra modis vision of congress-mukta bharat, revenue minister eknathrao khadse told reporters.
our stand was very clear.
since the bjp went with ncp, it should not appear that we are going with the congress.
we took a principled stand, shiv sena spokesperson dr neelam gorhe said.
i have done no wrong to face this situation.
however, life has been a struggle and i am ready for another one, said deshmukh.
environment minister ramdas kadam of shiv sena said his party was unaware of any secret pact between the bjp and the ncp.
the sena is being deceived like the ncp deceived the congress, he said.
considering his age, removing deshmukh from the chair is against moral principles, kadam said.
ncp chief sunil tatkare blamed the congress for the development.
since we have the numbers, it is imperative for us to have our chairman.
deshmukh should have ideally resigned instead of facing such ignominy, said tatkare.
government blocks memon hanging detailsmumbai: oct 2, 2015, dhns 1:02 istthe bjp-shiv sena government has blocked all information related to the hanging of yakub memon, one of the conspirators of the 1993 serial blasts, on the grounds that it would affect the sovereignty, unity and security of the country.
interestingly, information related to hanging of mohammed ajmal kasab, the pakistani terrorist caught during the 26/11 terror attacks, was provided by then congress-ncp democratic front government.
activist anil galgali, who had filed queries about memon under the right to information act (rti), was denied the information.
yakub memon was hanged to death in nagpur jail on july 30, 2015.
his body was buried in mumbai.
kasab was hanged to death on november 21, 2012, at the yerawada jail in pune and his body was buried there.
galgali said the public information and desk officer of the home department, deepak zadiye informed him that all information related to death sentence of yakub memon has been refused under clause 8(1)(c) of the rti act 2005 by the maharashtra government.
under the clause, any such information that will disturb the sovereignty, unity and security of the country can be withheld, he said.
galgali then filed an appeal on the order with deputy secretary j l pawra.
the previous government in 2012 had provided information on a similar query related to kasab and now the bjp-shiv sena government is trying to hide this information, which is very surprising.
that the inference of law can change as per convenience can be seen from this case, that how things have changed with the change in the governments at the centre and maharashtra, the veteran rti activist said.
appeal to cmhe appealed to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure transparency and provide the details.
bill seeking to prevent attacks on journos passed in assemblymumbai, apr 7, 2017 (pti) 19:00 istphoto journalist attacked by locals in mumbai.
the bill provides for prevention of violence against journalists while carrying out their duties as media persons, and prevention of damage or loss of property of media persons or media houses in the state.
dh file photothe maharashtra legislative assembly today passed a bill that seeks to prevent attacks on journalists and media houses.
chief minister devendrafadnavis introduced the bill of 'maharashtra mediapersons and media institutions (prevention of violence and damage or loss to property) act, 2017', in the lower house, which was passed without discussion in the absence of opposition members.
the bill provides for prevention of violence against journalists while carrying out their duties as media persons, and prevention of damage or loss of property of media persons or media houses in the state.
as per the provisions of the act, anyone who commits or attempts to commit/ abets/ instigates or provokes the commission of any act of violence, shall be punished with imprisonment, which may extend to three years, or with fine, which may extend to rs 50,000 or with both.
the offence shall be cognisable and non bailable and triable by the court of judicial magistrate first class.
a police officer not below the rank of deputy superintendent of police shall investigate any offence under this act.
the offender shall be liable to pay compensation for damage or loss caused to the property of the media person or media house, as determined by the court and also be liable to reimburse the medical expenditure incurred by the media person, the act says.
if the compensation and medical expenditure is not paid, it will be recovered as it were arrears of land revenue.
a media institution has been defined as any registered newspaper establishment, news channel establishment, news based electronic media establishment or news station establishment.
a media person means a person, whose principal vocation is that of a journalist, who is employed as a journalist, whether on regular or contract basis.
media person is defined as editor, sub editor, news editor, reporter, correspondent, cartoonist, news photographer, television cameraman, leader-writer, feature writer, copy tester and proof reader.
violence is defined as an act, which causes or may cause any harm, injury or endangering life of a media person during the discharge of his duty as a media person or causing damage or loss of property belonging to any media person or media institution.
the need is to enact a special law to effectively curb the occurrence of such incidents in the state and to protect and safeguard the media persons and property of the media persons and media houses, he said.
maharashtra stands to lose rs 7,000 crmrityunjay bose, mumbai, apr 8, 2017, dhns: 0:33 isthighway liquor ban: hospitality industry to be severely affectedmumbai, the financial capital of the country, is going to be worst affected and so is the rest of maharashtra because of the highway liquor ban imposed by the supreme court.
since april 1, when the court order banning sale of liquor within 500 metres of state and national highways came into force, several bars have been shut including those along the western express highway and eastern express highway  the two arterial routes that pass through mumbai and then the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr).
the hotel and restaurant association of western india (hrawi), the apex body for the western region of the country, and indian hotel and restaurant association (ahar) have already made representations to chief minister devendrafadnavis to look into the issue in a holistic way.
maharashtra has 13,655 bars and liquor shops, of which over 500 restaurants and bars shall be hit only in mumbai, while in mumbai metropolitan region 2,000 and in maharashtra 9,925 are at a risk of losing business.
the state government would stand to lose rs 7,000 crore in taxes, excise and licence fees.
tourism and entertainment industry is going to be badly affected, said dilip datwani, president, hrawi.
the impact is going to be huge.
there would be losses in jobs which would be as high as one million across the country.
the countrywide impact on the sector is estimated at rs 2,00,000 crore, added kamlesh barot, previous president, fhrai.
excise minister chandrashekhar bawankule, during the current budget session of the state legislative assembly, said of the 25,513 liquor licences in the state, licences of 15,699 outlets which are along the highways will be affected.
the estimated loss could be around rs 7,000 crore annually, he said.
sources said denotifying highways that pass through municipal areas is definitely an option, but the state would not hasten to do so as it may appear to defy the order.
the municipal bodies will have to come up with proposals to do so.
dh news service, mumbai, jun 9 2017, 2:14 istin a significant development, farmers groups came under one banner and decided to intensify their agitation next week with a series of protests and a rail roko.
meanwhile, the last rites of farmer dhanaji jadhav, who had committed suicide at veet village in solapur on wednesday, were performed.
the farmer in a note had said: i am a farmer, dhanaji chandrakant jadhav.
i am committing suicide today.
please take my body to the village and do not cremate me till chief minister devendrafadnavis comes here.
according to reports, the last rites were performed after solapurs guardian minister vijay deshmukh and the district collector reached the village.
there were also reports that fadnavis spoke to the family, but this could not be independently confirmed.
while on june 12 there would be protests outside government offices, on june 13, a statewide rail roko would be organised.
top farmer leaders like raju shetti of swabhimani shetkari sanghatana; bacchu kadu, raghunathdada patil and ajit navle of all india kisan sabha; and members of kisan kranti morcha met in nashik and decided to intensify the agitation.
shetti, whose outfit supports the bjp-shiv sena saffron alliance dispensation, is also contemplating coming out of the government.
vishwas utagi, convener of trade union joint action committee (maharashtra), also extended support to the agitation.
mla: will bomb fadnavis housecontroversial independent mla bacchu kadu said that he would not heistate to bomb the residence of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis if the demands of farmers are not met, dhns reports.
the mla made this remark while participating in a tv show in nashik district.
if time comes, like the way bhagat singh dropped a bomb, i would drop a bomb at the residence of the chief minister, he said.
tearful adieu to r r patilsangli/mumbai, feb 18, 2015, dhns 0:42 istlakhs of people on tuesday bade a tearful adieu to senior nationalist congress party (ncp) leader and former maharashtra deputy chief minister r r patil in the anjani village of sangli district.
people assembled at the helipad-ground on the outskirts of the village to attend the funeral of patil, who passed away in mumbai on monday at the age of 57 following multi-organ failure after battling oral cancer for three months.
slogans like r r patil amar rahe, aaba amar rahe rent the ear as tears rolled down the eyes of people, including top politicians, of maharashtra.
patils son rohit, accompanied by patils two daughters - smita and supriya lit the funeral pyre.
a one-day morning and a state funeral was accorded by the maharashtra government.
as per his last wishes, there would not be any 10th day or 13th day rituals.
but on february 19, a condolence meeting has been planned.
earlier in the day, the body was taken from mumbai to sangli.
his wife, suman, and mother, bhagirathi, accompanied the body.
the funeral procession started from his residence and thousands joined on the way.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and several of his cabinet colleagues and ministers of state were present.
former chief ministers, including ncp president sharad pawar, narayan rane, prithviraj chavan, sushilkumar shinde and ashok chavan were present.
if we want to describe him, he was the true common man politician, said former minister and senior congress leader harshawardhan patil.
he was like my younger brother and he has shown how a politician can be a common man, said congress veteran patangrao kadam.
cms pull out all stops to woo investorsanirban bhaumik, gandhinagar, jan 10, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istfast-track: states offer single window facility to expedite projectsthe concluding day of the pravasi bharatiya divas 2015 here saw nine chief ministers competing with each others to woo expat indians to invest in their states.
if punjab chief minister parkash singh badal boasted of his governments single window facility to clear project proposals, shivraj singh chauhan of madhya pradesh claimed to have opened a single door and n chandrababu naidu of andhra pradesh promised to set up a single desk to facilitate investors.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis sought to outsmart others by opening up his heart to welcome investments from expat indians to his state.
a day after prime minister narendra modi made a clarion call to indian diaspora to avail the opportunities available in abundance in india, it was the turn of the chief ministers to hard-sell their states as favourable investment destinations.
the chief ministers of all the six states ruled by the bharatiya janata party  goa, gujarat, haryana, jharkhand, maharashtra and madhya pradesh  turned up at the mahatma mandir in gandhinagar to address the conclave of the expat indians.
so did the chief ministers of punjab and andhra pradesh, the two states ruled by bjp allies akali dal and telugu desam party, respectively.
oomen chandy of kerala was the only chief minister to attend the session representing a state, not ruled by the bjp.
as a federal polity, india offers a unique opportunity to all the states to pursue its agenda for development and governance with the active support from the centre, said union home minister rajnath singh, who chaired the session.
india today demands greater impetus to cooperative federalism than competitive federalism.
the centre and the states need to work together in one direction to fulfill the dreams and aspirations of its people, he added.
badal lauded the modi governments make in india campaign, but pitched for make in punjab, wooing expat indians to invest in his state, particularly in the fields of information technology, bio-sciences, healthcare and development of cities and towns, apart from agro and food-processing industries, education and skills, electronics manufacturing, textiles and infrastructure development.
we want to bring punjab on the top in industrial production.
we have introduced single window clearance facility and, in several places, even moved beyond to assign a single person, who will help getting clearances from all departments, said the chief minister of punjab.
parkash singh badalji may have spoken of single window clearances, but we dont need any window in madhya pradesh.
we have in fact made a single door policy, said chauhan.
i meet investors along with my officials every monday and quick decisions are taken, he added.
chief minister of andhra pradesh naidu promised to use computers to fast-track the process of clearing proposals.
we will introduce single desk for investors to help them have complete access to information online, he added.
probe into melee which led to fadnavis's apology indicts copsmumbai, mar 6, 2015 (pti) 15:14 istan inquiry into the ruckus outside a city club where policemen jostled with members to prevent their entry during a function attended by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , indicted the cops, concluding that the situation could have been handled better.
the probe report was submitted to mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria by r d shinde, additional commissioner police (central) yesterday.
maria had ordered an inquiry on monday.
last sunday, traffic policemen at the nsci club in central mumbai's worli had stopped private vehicles to make way for the chief minister's convoy and video footage showed them grappling with some of the club members, including an elderly person.
the issue triggered an outrage over people being inconvenienced during movement of vvips and opposition parties attacked fadnavis.
officer shinde confirmed he submitted the report to maria but refused to divulge the findings.
police sources said that report elaborated on arrangements made for the cm's convoy at the venue and subsequent developments that triggered the commotion and highlighted the lacuna on the part of the police while giving recommendations to avoid repeat of such incident.
the report consists the details sought from nsci club and the recorded statements of the police personnel deployed at the venue, said another officer.
the gist of the inquiry report suggested that the situation could have been handled better.
fadnavis, who enjoys z plus security, had apologised for the melee.
my sincere apologies to those who were stopped by the police unnecessarily.
people in the state have always seen me stopping at traffic signals.
i don't believe in vip culture, he had tweeted.
modi's one year in power saw 1,306 farmer suicides in maharashtranagpur, may 25, 2015, (ians): 19:26 ista record 1,306 farmers committed suicide in maharashtra during the one-year period of prime minister narendra modi in office - between may 20, 2014, to may 25, 2015, a farmers' watchdog body said here on monday.
this figure is around 40 percent higher than the same period between may 2013-may 2014, said vidarbha jan andolan samiti chief kishore tiwari.
while there are various views about modi's one year in power, most of them being optimistic, it is not true of the maharashtra farmers, particularly in vidarbha - which is the epicentre of indian farmland suicides in the past 10 years, said tiwari.
official statistics say 1,306 farmers ended their lives as the nda-ii marks its first year in power.
in fact, the trend has been increasing and the first 140 days of 2015 (from january 1) recorded the highest ever 448 suicides, indicating serious distress prevailing in the five million agrarian community of the state, tiwari told ians.
he said last year's crises, including extensive damage to kharif and rabi crops, severe climatic changes resulting in bouts of droughts and floods coupled with hailstorms, and market recessions, have spurred the suicide rates in the state.
there is no interest among farmers in the ongoing celebrations of pm modi's first anniversary in the dying fields of vidarbha and other parts of the state where over three million cotton farmers and two million tribal families continue to battle starvation, he said.
in the past 10 years, he pointed out, vidarbha has hit international headlines with more than 11,000 debt-trapped cotton farmers' suicides and now chief minister devendrafadnavis has sought help from israel to arrest the trend.
the state farmers had celebrated with joy when modi was swept to power and he assured a solution to their (farmers') problems within 100 days of taking office by proposing some revolutionary formulae.
now it is already a year, but the nda-ii seems to have forgotten all its promises on the basis of which the farmers voted for them en masse.
the healing touch never came, there was no waiver of old loans or sanction of new loans, tiwari lamented.
though the maharashtra government has declared that 23,811 of the state's 39,453 villages, or around 60 percent, are affected by drought with more than 12 million hectares of farmlands damaged, little is being done to address the situation.
the last union budget spoke of mega investments for infrastructure, but failed to tackle the core issue of direct relief packages to the farmers, especially the cotton cultivators who were throttled by the global open market economy and mismatched demand-supply situation, tiwari said.
most other promises of the government for farmers turned out to be a 'kisan jhumla' and farmers continue to end their lives.
on the eve of modi's one year in office being celebrated, at least 10 farmers have committed suicide in the past three days alone, tiwari said.
scaling up facilities, providing bollywood tourism and bringing the studio-complex on par with the internationally well-known complexes are the larger aims of the modernisation project, the chief minister said.
the government at the centre and in maharashtra are for ease of doing business.
.
.
veteran filmmaker mahesh bhatt and tata realty ceo sanjay ubale, a former ias officer and an infrastructure expert, were also present at the event.
we are transforming mumbai in every way and bollywood would drive the world to mumbai, the chief minister said, reacting to bhatts comments that cheaper costs, superior infrastructure and availability of technology are making bollywood filmmakers to shoot outside the country.
officials at maharashtra film, stage and cultural development corporation that runs the filmcity said the modernisation of dadasaheb phalke chitranagari, as the filmcity is known, will be undertaken to bring it to international standards.
spread over 500 acres, the filmcity has all kinds of terrains for shooting, right from rivers, bridges, long winding roads to greenery and hills.
perched between the western express highway and vihar lake, the filmcity is in the vicinity of the sanjay gandhi national park.
it has nearly 40 different outdoor locations, 16 well-equipped sound-proof studios and 80 air-conditioned make up rooms.
recording studios equipped with state-of-the-art dubbing and mixing facilities and editing suites for 16/35 mm films are also available.
besides having ready-to-use sound effects and qualified sound recordists, the filmcity also has an agreement with reliance media works to offer high quality colour processing, digital studio, animation works, and vfx and film restoration services inside the studio complex.
about 1,200 films are shot in the complex each year.
mumbai, march 3, 2015 (ians) 21:04 istbeef, the popular red meat, was on tuesday banned in maharashtra with presidential assent being accorded to the relevant legislation -- two decades after the assembly had passed it during the former shiv sena-bjp government in the state.
presidential assent was accorded to the maharashtra animal prevention (amendment bill), 1995, which bans even the slaughter of bulls and bullocks, but will allow the slaughter of water buffaloes, considered to yield an inferior quality of beef.
the state had already banned cow slaughter under the maharashtra animal prevention act, 1976, barring bulls or bullocks, the culling of which was permitted with certain regulations.
thanks a lot hon president sir for the assent on maharashtra animal preservation bill.
bjp mp kirit somaiya, who had led a delegation to president pranab mukherjee on the issue recently, termed the assent as a historic step with cultural as well as economic implications for the state.
he said the bill passed by the maharashtra legislature in 1995 was forwarded for the president's assent in 1996.
subsequent governments in the state failed to do the needful and get the bill implemented.
we had committed to do this in our manifesto and have fulfilled it, somaiya said.
mumbai alone consumes around 90,000 kg beef daily, with around 25 percent accounting for water buffalo meat, called carabeef, through 900 licensed and hundreds more illegal outlets.
however, all the culling and processing of around 450 large animals which are slaughtered daily is carried out only at the deonar abattoir, asia's largest in north-east mumbai.
since the past several weeks, beef traders in a majority of the state's cities and towns have been on strike protesting against harassment by right-wing and hindu groups, who are also demanding closure of deonar abattoir.
beef traders apprehend that the new development will render several thousands unemployed and also hike the prices of mutton, chicken, fish and other meats, both in the retail markets and in restaurants and hotels.
sena dubs smart city project unconstitutionalmumbai/nagpur, dec 14, 2015, dhns: 1:42 istcalling the smart city concept unconstitutional, shiv sena on monday said the idea of creating special purpose vehicles (spvs) is to deny authority to elected urban bodies.
however, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis clarified that slvs will not take away the rights of the urban local bodies (ulbs).
the formation of a spv with funds from the state government and the municipal corporation would be like a private company that would control the municipal corporation, and the city would thus be finally controlled by the centre, an editorial in senas mouthpiece saamana said.
it would take away the rights of ulbs and appears to be an attempt to make mumbai function like a union territory, shiv sena legislator sunil prabhu, a former mayor of mumbai, told reporters in nagpur which is hosting the maharashtra assemblys winter session.
the mns withdrew his protest against the smart city project for pune after its leader raj thackeray spoke to fadnavis.
rss condemns sena attack on kulkarninew delhi, oct 15, 2015, dhns: 1:21 istbacking the bjp which has distanced itself from its ally, the rss on wednesday criticised the shiv sena for blackening sudheendra kulkarnis face.
kulkarni is a former aide of bjp patriarch l k advani.
senior rss functionary m g vaidya said the sena has the right to protest but not to insult kulkarni, the mumbai head of reliance-backed observer research foundation.
the shiv sena has not earned regard but got defamed in the process, said vaidya.
khurshid mahmud kasuris memoir, neither a hawk nor a dove: an insiders account of pakistans foreign policy, was launched in mumbai amid tight security after maharashtras bjp chief minister devendrafadnavis condemned the attack.
the sena though has remained unnerved with the incident.
the bjp-shiv sena coalition government in maharashtra is believed to be under stress owing to strong differences among the partners ahead of the kalyan-dombivli civic polls.
the rss, however, has assailed literary figures for returning their medals to protest against the growing intolerance in the country, including the murder of writer m m kalburgi, rationalists narendra dabholkar and govind pansare, and the dadri lynching.
the editorial of rss mouthpiece panchjanya stated that some pen artists afflicted with the disease of secularism have returned their medals to protest attempts at distorting hindu religion and destroying india.
no matter which government the country wants, nothing but the nehruvian model is acceptable to them.
women have right to pray; hold talks to end temple row: fadnavismumbai, jan 26, 2016, pti: 21:28 istmaintaining that women have right to pray, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today favoured a dialogue between authorities of shani shingnapur temple and activists to find a way out over the ban on entry of female devotees into the inner sanctum of the shrine.
he urged the temple authorities to hold a dialogue with the women's group that is campaigning for entry of female devotees into the inner sanctum of the shrine in ahmednagar district.
indian culture and hindu religion gives women have the right to pray.
a change in yesterday's traditions is our culture.
discrimination in praying is not in our culture.
the temple authorities should resolve the issue through a dialogue, tweeted fadnavis, who also holds the home portfolio.
minister of state for home ram shinde said the government will facilitate talks between the temple authorities and women activists to arrive at an amicable solution.
if there is a dispute between activists and temple authorities over allowing women access to the (shani shingnapur) temple, the state government will act as facilitator for talks between them so that the issue can be resolved amicably, shinde told pti.
the activists (members of bhumata brigade) were detained as they had violated the law.
crpc section 144 had been imposed by police (banning assembly of people) which they did not adhere to.
as far as their religious views are concerned, it is the government's duty to ensure that the issue is resolved, he said.
mumbai police chief submits info on meeting with lalit modimumbai, june 22, 2015, pti: 21:20 istmumbai police commissioner rakesh maria today submitted a report containing information on his meeting with the former ipl boss lalit modi to maharashtra government.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had sought the information yesterday.
yes, maria has submitted his say on the issue, additional chief secretary, home, k p bakshi, told pti.
he, however, declined to give details of maria's report.
day before yesterday, after a newschannel aired a photo purportedly featuring maria with lalit modi, the police commissioner issued a statement saying that he had indeed met the former ipl commissioner at the insistence of the latter's lawyer in london last year.
during the meeting, lalit modi sought the help of mumbai police in view of threat to his life by the underworld in london, maria said, adding that he had apprised the then home minister (late r r patil of ncp) about the meeting soon after return.
minister of state for home ranjit patil had, however, said that repeated requests from lalit modi cannot be an excuse to meet him and an inquiry will be conducted.
lalit modi, who is facing probe by enforcement directorate, is in news following revelations that external affairs minister sushma swaraj helped him get a travel document in london.
meanwhile, prithviraj chavan, who was the chief minister in congress-ncp government when maria had visited london, today said he was not aware of the visit and the meeting.
such trips are cleared at the level of home minister.
i wasn't briefed about it, chavan told pti.
war of words between bjp, senamumbai, oct 15, 2015, dhns: 1:01 istas the saffron alliance inches towards one year in power in maharashtra, the war of words between the shiv sena and the bjp reached a new pitch with the uddhav thackeray-led party indirectly blaming prime minister narendra modi for the 2002 riots in gujarat.
the relations between the two oldest partners in indias coalition history touched a new low hours after the prime minister criticised the role of shiv sena in the cancellation of concert of pakistani ghazal maestro ghulam ali.
incidents like dadri and the protest against the pakistani singer (ghulam ali) are really sad but what is the centre's role in them?
, modi told a bengali newspaper.
shiv sena spokesperson sanjay raut, who is a close aide of thackeray, however, decided to launch an attack on the modi describing the statement as unfortunate.
this comes a couple of days after raut had targeted maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
if our prime minister has indeed said this, then it is very disappointing and unfortunate.
he is known all over the world for godhra and ahmedabad.
.
.
if it is the same modiji, who is saying such things, then it is very sad.
i feel like his statement is that of a prime minister and not of our dear narendra modi, said raut, a rajya sabha member, who is also the executive editor of saamana, the shiv sena mouthpiece.
on saturday, the bjp virtually snubbed thackeray by inviting him late at the sunday event of modis visit to mumbai to lay the foundation for three mega projects including the grand memorial of dr babasaheb ambedkar.
last week, in mumbai and pune, pakistani ghazal maestro ghulam alis concert had to be cancelled because of threats by the sena.
on monday, shiv sainiks blackened the face of sudheendra kulkarni, a former aide of atal bihari vajpayee and lk advani for hosting former pakistan foreign minister kursheed mahmud kasuris book launch.
maharashtra bjp spokesperson madhav bhandari had attacked raut by saying that he has been to pakistan twice as a member of government delegation.
he raised doubt on devendrafadnavis nationalism.
i must tell him that he was a part of an abvp team that had gone to srinagar to hoist the tricolour under the leadership of murli manohar joshi.
our first president shyama prasad mookerjee sacrificed his life for kashmir, bhandari said and wanted to know how many shiv sainiks did this in the valley.
it is learnt that after the weekly cabinet met, senior shiv sena ministers met fadnavis and express anguish over the recent developments.
meanwhile, senior bjp leaders are expected to meet on thursday to discuss the issue .
cbi to probe cases against chhota rajanmumbai, nov 6, 2015, dhns: 0:50 istin a significant development, the maharashtra government on thursday night handed over cases involving rajendra nikhalje alias chhota rajan to the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
this was announced at a hurriedly-convened news conference addressed by additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshiand mumbai police commissioner ahmed javed.
the development comes a day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visited new delhi and spoke to top officials at the national capital.
formalities were completed at a high-level meeting of police officials chaired by bakshi at the mumbai police commissionerate.
rajan, 55, was arrested in bali in indonesia on october 25, after he landed there from australia, in a garuda flight.
rajan is an arch-rival of karachi-based underworld don dawood ibrahim, and, according to reports, had helped the mumbai police.
a team of officials of the cbi and crime branch of mumbai police is bringing him to mumbai.
according to bakshi, rajan is being brought here under the united nations convention against transnational organized crime, of which india is a member-state and a signatory on may 5, 2011.
the maharashtra government has decided to hand over the cases to the cbi as it is the nodal agency.
there are cases registered against him in mumbai, elsewhere in maharashtra, other states and some other countries.
we will render all help to the cbi, bakshi said.
he added the cbi would take a call whether to take him to new delhi or bring him to mumbai.
javed said that since cbi is the nodal agency under the convention.
the case is being handed over to the cbi because of its expertise in handling trans-national crimes, said bakshi.
mumbai, dec 24, 2016 (pti) 18:59 istprime minister narendra modi today warned of ruin for the dishonest after the expiry of december 30 deadline for depositing scrapped currency and said they should not underestimate the mood of the country against corruption.
dishonest people, you should not underestimate the mood of 125 crore people.
you will have to be afraid of it.
.
.
time has come for ruin of dishonest people.
this is a cleanliness campaign, modi said.
after 50 days (from november 8), the troubles of honest people will start to reduce and the problems of dishonest people will begin to increase, modi said.
the prime minister was addressing a gathering at mmrda ground in the bandra kurla complex (bkc) here after laying foundation of various big ticket infrastructure projects.
we took a big decision against black money and corruption on november 8 and 125 crore indians endured pain but did not stop supporting me.
i want to assure people of the country that this battle won't end till we win it, he said.
hitting out at parties opposing demonetisation, he said, this is not a simple battle.
those who have consumed malai (cream) did not leave any stone unturned to foil this (demonetisation).
the corrupt have made all efforts to defeat the decision (demonetisation).
they even thought of managing bank officials to get their black money converted into white.
and that's how many of them got caught, he said.
i said there will be pain for 50 days (after demonetisation announcement), he said, adding people are ready to bear the pain in the country's interest.
people have borne the troubles in the country's interest and are willing to do so in future too, the pm said.
modi alleged that those who benefited from corruption during the earlier regimes in last 70 years did all they could to ensure the demonetisation move by him does not work.
those who are used to a certain type corrupt practices for last 70 years, will have to pay the price of their acts, he said.
time has changed and after a gap of 30 years, a government with full mandate is in power.
one should not forget it.
the country will change, will move forward and will hold its head high before the world, the pm said.
modi, who earlier laid the foundation of the shivaji maharaj memorial off mumbai coast, said the maratha king was a multi-faceted personality which inspires us i am grateful to the maharashtra government that i got the chance to perform jalpujan of shivaji maharaj, the pm said.
when the memorial is complete, people will admire the iconic building, he said, adding shivaji maharaj is an inspiration for all of us and remains a torch bearer of good governance.
if india is projected in the right manner, it has the potential to attract global tourism, he said.
after independence, had we adopted the path of development, the problems we face today wouldn't have been there, modi said.
development should be sustainable and should help the poor realise their dreams, modi said.
the pm also dwelt on the various development initiatives of his government.
our efforts is to ensure affordable medicine to the poor.
when we came to power, there were 18,000 villages without power.
we decided to provided electricity to them in 1000 days, modi said.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, whose party has had strained ties with senior alliance partner bjp, also addressed the gathering.
however, as thackeray began to speak, he was greeted with shouts of 'modi, modi' from bjp workers in audience.
i extend my best wishes for memorial construction and hope that it gets completed within stipulated period, he said.
i have come here to pay obeisance to shivaji maharaj, thackeray said, adding the memorial should be built as strong as the sindhudurg fort, built by the maratha king.
the sena leader also asked the government to free forts in maharashtra from the shackles of the archaeological survey of india.
union minister nitin gadkari described modi as the biggest shivbhakt (devotee of shivaji).
this memorial will inspire every person to work for good governance.
maharashtra to release koyna water to statebengaluru, dh news service, may 10 2017, 23:40 istthe maharashtra government will release 2.
5 tmcft of water to karnataka to mitigate the drinking water crisis in north karnataka, water resources minister m b patil said on wednesday.
patil said chief minister siddaramaiah had appealed to union chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar to prevail upon maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue.
maharashtra has now agreed to release water from koyna reservoir following the appeal made by kumar, he said.
not thinking of resigning, says maria after abrupt transfermumbai, sep 9, 2015, pti: 10:18 ista day after he was shunted out of the post of mumbai police commissioner, senior ips officer rakesh maria today said he was not contemplating quitting.
i am not thinking of resigning.
reports saying so are not true, maria told pti this morning.
there was speculation after maria's sudden promotion that he might resign from the post as he was apparently unhappy with the action.
maria, who was heading the high-profile sheena bora murder case and had interrogated the accused, was shunted out of the post and promoted as director general of police home guards.
he was replaced by ahmed javed, a dg-rank official, who took over as mumbai police commissioner in the upgraded post.
chief minister devendrafadnavis had cleared both the appointments before he left for japan on monday night.
however, after the sudden action that created quite a flutter, the maharashtra government climbed down in the evening and said he would continue to supervise the probe.
the decision came under attack from opposition congress and ncp.
mumbai congress had yesterday said the transfer was prompted by undue pressure from bosses in new delhi and corporate houses.
as various theories floated over the reasons for maria's transfer, state home department had said the changes were made taking into account the law and order factor ahead of the ganapati festival, dismissing suggestions that that it has some links with the ongoing investigation in the sheena murder case.
thane nursing school to be named after arunamumbai:, may 19, 2015, dhns: 0:28 istthe maharashtra government on tuesday decided to name the nursing training school in the thane district after aruna shanbaug, a former nurse and the worlds oldest comatose patient, who passed away on monday.
the development came hours after nurses of parel's king edward memorial (kem) hospital, where aruna had been under care for close to 42 years in permanent vegetative state (pvs), demanded a memorial at ward no 4 of the hospital.
the maharashtra government has decided to give late aruna shanbaug's name to the nursing training school, thane.
our infinite salutes to her spirit!
chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted on tuesday night.
modi-pawar valentine's day meeting sets off buzzmumbai, feb 12, 2015, dhns: 2:26 istin what is seen as an interesting development, prime minister narendra modi will meet nationalist congress party (ncp) leader sharat pawar and have lunch at his residence in baramati on valentines day.
the prime minister will be in maharashtra to attend the function at krishi vigyan kendra in baramati on february 14, which was fixed long time ago.
but despite cautions of ncp leaders that it has no significance, the modi-pawar meeting has created a buzz in the states political circles.
while campaigning for the state assembly elections last year, modi went after ncp, asking voters of baramati to oust chacha-bhitaje ke sarkar, referring to the older pawar and his nephew ajit, the then deputy chief minister.
the prime minister, the face of bjps campaign for the assembly polls, also dubbed ncp the naturally corrupt party at a rally in pandharpur.
however, the ncp offered unconditional outside support to the bjp post elections when it fell short of an absolute majority, which later became moot as shiv sena joined the government.
state ncp president sunil tatkare reiterated his earlier statement that the pm is merely attending the fair at krishi vigyan kendra in baramati.
in the last two press conferences of mine, this issue came up and my answer remains the same, tatkare said.
in the earlier statements the ncp leader had asked: what is wrong in prime minister addressing a function that relates to development?
chief minister devendrafadnavis on wednesday similarly reiterated that the prime minister is going to baramati to witness an agriculture science exhibition.
yavatmal (maharashtra), feb 5, 2015 (ians) 12:12 ista debt-ridden farmer from a village in maharashtra's vidarbha region climbed on a lit pyre and committed suicide wednesday, the second such incident since november last year, an activist said here thursday.
anandrao s. pandagle, 45, a resident of bhambh village, is survived by his wife and three teenaged daughters, said vidarbha jan andolan samiti chief kishore tiwari.
preliminary police investigations revealed he had farm debts of rs.50,000 and was trying to collect another rs.12,000 for his eldest daughter's marriage.
he was alone at home, poured kerosene on himself, prepared and lit his own funeral pyre before climbing on it.
.
.
by the time locals rushed to help, he was burnt to death, tiwari told ians.
this is the second instance of its kind in the region.
on nov 28 last year, 75-year old farmer kashiram b. indare of manarkhed village lit his own funeral pyre in a field.
earlier presumed missing, his charred remains were discovered after a couple of days.
vidarbha has been rocked by five more suicides since wednesday, according to tiwari, even as the desperate farmers' patience was running out in the wake of official apathy to their plight.
the victims are: ramkrishan bhalavi of talni village and ambadas wahile of gunji village, both in amravati district; sanju gawande of saikheda village in washim district; vijay tadas of ghorad village and nanaji ingole of kanheri village, both in wardha district.
in december, the supreme court issued a notice to the state government on the issue of debt-ridden farmers' suicides in maharashtra following a public interest litigation filed by a lawyer r.u. upadhyay.
similarly, the national human rights commission has also sent a notice to the state government seeking a report on the incident, even as the spate of farmland suicides continues unabated in maharashtra.
last week, the shiv sena strongly criticized it ruling ally, the bharatiya janata party, for ignoring the plight of the farmers though chief minister devendrafadnavis hails from the vidarbha region.
bjp cosies up to shiv senamumbai: nov 27, 2014: dhns: 2:57 istahead of the crucial nagpur winter session of the maharashtra assembly, the bjp has decided to initiate fresh round of talks with the shiv sena to include its former ally in the ministry.
accordingly, chief minister devendrafadnavis intends to expand his council of ministers by next week so that the new bjp dispensations first full-fledged session runs smoothly.
we (bjp and shiv sena) have been together for 25 years.
before the elections, we could not reach a seat-sharing arrangement and had to part ways, but we want the shiv sena to be with us.
the chief minister pointed out that he had spoken to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray only a few days ago.
he said the shiv sena is part of the bjp-led nda government at the centre and that both the parties should run the government in maharashtra together.
the shiv sena chief would meet a bjp core committee on friday after petroleumand natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan and maharashtra cooperation and marketing minister chandrakant patil arrive to see him.
talks were on earlier and are happening now.
we hope that the shiv sena would be with us, patil said.
when asked about the bjps move to initiate talks, senior shiv sena leader ramdas kadam said that thackeray would be the one to take a call.
uddhavji would decide on this and take the final decision, kadam said.
the sena has refrained from joining the ministry and instead claimed the post of leader of opposition in the maharashtra legislative assembly.
senior leader from thane, eknath shinde, was elected opposition leader.
fadnavis follows modi and jaitley to pawar's home turfmumbai, nov 6, 2015, (pti) 18:47 istafter prime minister narendra modi praised ncp chief sharad pawar on the latter's home turf in baramati, and union finance minister arun jaitley followed it up with a visit last month, it was now the turn of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to come calling.
pawar hosted fadnavis in baramati today, like he did with senior bjp leaders modi and jaitley.
fadnavis inaugurated a three-day agro exhibition organised by the krishi vigyan kendra at baramati.
fadnavis, who reached the venue in a battery operated vehicle, was also taken around the exhibition by pawar.
the ncp chief occupied the front seat of the vehicle while fadnavis and agriculture minister eknath khadse sat behind.
at the inaugural event, in the appasaheb pawar auditorium, pawar reminded fadnavis that three years ago maharashtra was leading in pulses production.
during his visit to baramati last month, jaitley had showered praise on pawar and called for replication of 'baramati model' for development of the country.
the country would require hundreds of cities like baramati for the progress of the economy, jaitley had said.
in february this year, modi had addressed a farmers rally organised by pawar in baramati.
speaking at the rally, the prime minister had lauded the maratha strongman and had talked about their friendship.
sharadrao has years of experience and he knows more than i do.
it's my responsibility to seek his guidance when i am faced with an issue, modi had said.
ncp leader ajit pawar, who is facing a probe by acb in an alleged irrigation scam, was also present at today's event at baramati.
fadnavis recently made it clear that the visits of high profile government functionaries to baramati won't affect the probe.
mumbai, feb 15, 2016, (pti) 18:27 istaamir khan, who was earlier at the centre of a controversy over his comments on intolerance, was to recite a poem about peace at the cultural event as part of 'make in india' meet where a fire broke out.
he was going to recite the famous marathi poem 'pasayadan'.
.
.
written in the 13th century by sant dnyaneshwar, a source said.
after finishing his commentary on the bhagwad ita, sant dnyaneshwar wrote pasayadan as a prayer, he said.
the fire engulfed the stage at a cultural event held at girgaum chowpatty seafront here last night.
a string of film celebrities and political leaders were present as part of the high-profile 'make in india' investment meet but there were no casualties.
all the vvips including chief minister devendrafadnavis , shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, amitabh bachchan and aamir khan were safely evacuated to safer areas.
the programme was later called-off following the incident.
aamir had earlier attended a dinner hosted by prime minister narendra modi here on saturday night.
the ghajini star had kicked up a controversy last year by saying he has been alarmed by a number of incidents and his wife kiran rao even suggested that they should probably leave india.
his comments evoked sharp criticism from ruling bjp and also the nda government.
later, the 50-year-old actor's contract as brand ambassador for the government's incredible india campaign was not renewed by the tourism ministry.
bjp-sena talks make headwaymumbai, dec 1, 2014, dhns: 1:11 istreached agreement on 80 pc of issues: fadnavisthe power-sharing talks between the bjp and shiv sena made some progress on monday after several round of meetings.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , however, took strong exception towards a section of sena leaders who are not part of talks for speaking out of turn.
according to sources, there seems to be some unanimity on several issues.
a formal deal could be in sight as the bjp wants to expand the ministry ahead of the nagpur session of the assembly.
the talks resumed last week with petroleum and natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan and state cooperation minister chandrakant patil meeting sena president uddhav thackeray.
senior bjp leader subramanian swamy also met uddhav and hoped that the former allies would come together.
we have reached an agreement on about 70 per cent to 80 per cent of the issues.
.
.
.
only official interlocutors in the bjp-sena talks should comment on the parleys.
.
.
my request is that if only those who are official interlocutors talk (to media), then the process will move ahead, fadnavis added.
kadam had earlier accused the bjp of dragging the talks and that they were not interested in the alliance.
kadam also alleged that bjp leader and revenue minister eknath khadse was trying hard to topple the fadnavis government as he was not made the chief minister.
meanwhile, leader of the opposition eknath shinde said that the party has conferred all rights to uddhav to decide on the issue.
we are now the opposition party, all the 63 mlas are working and going to different places.
.
.
what ever order comes, we will abide.
.
.
uddhavji will take the final decision, he said.
mumbai, feb 14, 2016, (pti) 22:39 ista massive fire tonight engulfed the stage at a cultural event held at girgaum chowpatty seafront here where a string of film celebrities and political leaders were present as part of the high-profile 'make in india' investment meet but there were no casualties.
the fire that broke out at around 8.
no casualties reported, no one is injured, he said.
all the vvips including fadnavis, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, amitabh bachchan and aamir khan were safely evacuated to safer areas.
the programme was later called off.
bachchan had left the stage a few minutes before the fire started.
the disaster management plan put in place ensured the safe passage of the people attending the event--maharashtra rajni, fadnavis, who personally monitored the evacuation operation from the venue, said.
the blaze was brought under control in quick time by 14 fire engines and 10 water tankers with swift evacuation of thousands of people.
the exact cause of the fire that broke out one hour after the entertainment segment had begun was not known but state bjp spokesman atul shah, who was seated in the front row, said the fire apparently broke out from beneath the stage.
shiv sena mla vijay shivtare said a spark was noticed beneath the stage, which was a wooden structure, before the fire broke out.
shivtare said there were 500 artistes behind the stage and an estimated 50,000 people, several of them vips, had assembled at the venue.
actor vivek oberoi, who was at one of the flanks of the stage and was getting ready to perform another event, said the flames leapt 4o to 50 feet high and there was threat of it spreading to nearby tents beause of the strong sea breeze but things were brought under control because of timely coordination between various agencies.
the blaze broke out when a lavani (dance) performance was underway.
the supreme court on wednesday had stayed a bombay high court order and allowed the maharashtra government to hold an event at girgaum chowpatty beach to kickstart the 'make in india week' programme, which was attended by prime minister narendra modi.
i must compliment the authorities for quick action, they saved lives of many people, said ashish shelar, bjp leader.
i was watching a dance performance when this happened, then suddenly the stage was engulfed by smoke.
i was backstage when this happened.
authorities were quick to react and evacuated people from there, actor isha koppikar said.
maharashtra gains rs 100 cr from ipl and if the tournament goes out of the state, it will be a loss for the state, thakur told reporters on the sidelines of an event here.
he said the figure is based on a study done by the board of cricket control in india (bcci) after the last edition of the indian premier league (ipl).
no potable water will be provided for ipl this year.
thakur suggested the money earned from ipl can be better utilised by the maharashtra government for tackling drought and taking relief measures for the affected population.
it can be noted that maharashtra will be hosting 18 matches, spread across mumbai, pune and nagpur, during the this year's season of the popular domestic t20 tournament.
he clarified the cricket board, too, is very concerned about the water crisis in the state and does not want to use potable water for maintaining the grounds.
it is also mulling to adopt drought-hit villages along with the franchises, who have been asked to prepare a report on what else can be done on the drought-mitigation front, thakur said.
the franchises and bcci will be presenting their side to the bombay high court on april 12 during hearing of a petition on shifting the ipl matches out of the state in the wake of water scarcity, he said.
a city-based ngo has petitioned the court challenging the use of over 60 lakh litres of water to maintain pitches and sought shifting of ipl matches out of the state given the second successive drought it is experiencing.
thakur acknowledged the cash-rich tournament has always been dogged by unwanted controversies in its nine- year history but stressed the league does a lot of good by helping talent meet opportunity.
the multi-city event, which is spread over nearly two months, helps the country's youth find right cricket opportunities and also boosts the tourism sector, said the 41- year-old bcci secretary, who is also a lok sabha mp.
mumbai, dec 1, 2015, (pti): 16:30 istif you don't have a toilet, you won't be eligible to contest local body elections in maharashtra.
the decision to make toilets mandatory for those contesting local body polls was taken at a meeting of maharashtra cabinet, chaired by chief minister devendrafadnavis here today.
candidates contesting elections of municipal council and corporations will have to prove that they have toilet facility at their homes, the chief minister said.
this scheme covers rehabilitation of slum dwellers with participation of private developers using land as a resource.
it will also cover promotion of affordable housing for weaker sections through credit linked subsidy and affordable housing in partnership with public and private sector and subsidy for beneficiary-led individual house for construction or enhancement, he added.
the state government has also decided to set up a maharashtra nature tourism development board with its headquarters at nagpur, the chief minister said.
nine years after the 26/11 mumbai attacks, the government and security agencies remain preoccupied with jammu and kashmir and the north east region, and appear to have forgotten the country's coastal borders.
former president pranab mukherjee, while addressing the 16th lok sabha in 2014, after the bjp came to power, had stated that the government would soon set up a national maritime authority (nma).
over three years later, there is no sign of it.
for a government that prides itself on taking tough and unpopular decisions, this is most surprising.
post-26/11, naval and maritime experts have often suggested the need for a maritime security adviser (msa), a maritime security advisory board (msab), or a maritime commission, etc.
, due to the complexity of the maritime domain and the sheer number of stakeholders .
these include, the ministries of defence, shipping, external affairs, home affairs, petroleum and natural gas, agriculture (which, strangely, administers fisheries); and agencies such as the indian navy (in), indian coast guard (icg), marine police, dg-shipping, the central industrial security force (cisf), the border security force (bsf), major and minor ports, shipyards , shipping companies, customs, etc.
most of these organisations are headed and staffed by bureaucrats who lack specialist maritime domain knowledge and tend to use land-centric templates to solve maritime issues.
further, there is an acute lack of a coordinated approach to maritime problem-solving due to compartmentalisation, turf wars, individual service loyalties and general reluctance to share information.
the country's federal structure, too, creates its own problems, with nine coastal states and four union territories.
while some states are proactive on coastal security, others do not understand the magnitude or the nature of the problem and believe it is the centre's responsibility and often cite lack of resources, which may not be entirely correct.
post-26/11, the central government has created a three-tier coastal security architecture.
the newly-created marine police forces are mandated to patrol up to 12 nautical miles (nm) from the coast, the icg from 12nm to 200nm and finally, the indian navy beyond 200nm exclusive economic zone (eez).
the marine police are thus really the last line of defence against an approaching threat.
they, however, have a long way to go before they can reach that stage.
the 13 state marine police forces are at different levels of training and operational preparedness.
coastal security is a new discipline for the hitherto land-oriented police, who require all the help they can get.
the lack of dedicated sea-going cadre and dedicated coastal security training academies at the national or state levels is their achilles' heel.
thus, nine years after 26/11, the national coastline continues to be inadequately secured.
in 2016, during a review meeting of coastal security chaired by union home minister rajnath singh in mumbai, a proposal was floated by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to create a central marine police force, on the lines of our central armed police forces (capf), which found support from a few other coastal states, too.
this is nothing but an admission that the states are not willing to take responsibility for their own coastal security.
the central marine police force, which has now been named coastal border police force (cbpf), will mean the creation of another layer in the coastal security construct, resulting in additional expenditure and problems in coordination.
it will be another few years before the cbpf, if finally approved, will find its 'sea legs', and all the while, coastal security would be a work in progress.
meanwhile, the country would continue to be exposed to the dangers of asymmetric threats from the sea, such as maritime terrorism and piracy.
confusion in responsibilitiespost-26/11, the indian navy has been made responsible for overall maritime security, including coastal and offshore security.
there is some confusion in responsibilities between the navy and the coast guard.
the writ of other actors in the civil maritime domain, such as ministry of shipping, dg shipping, customs, etc.
, runs only close to our harbours, and while they have enforcement authority, they do not have any corresponding enforcement capability.
a draft coastal security bill was put up by the navy and the coast guard in 2013 to delineate the responsibilities of various agencies and for legal empowerment of the two forces.
parliament is yet to pass this bill.
keeping national interest in mind, the best agency to be made responsible for coastal security today is the coast guard.
in the past four decades, the coast guard has piggybacked on the navy to its current status, though it is still dependent on the latter for training, communication, logistics, etc.
rather than create the cbpf, it would be wise to make the coast guard responsible to train and equip the state marine police forces, and the latter should be placed under icg's overall operational control.
this would require tweaking of a few acts and laws and further augmentation of the resources and assets of the coast guard.
the coast guard, currently under the ministry of defence, also has linkages with ministry of home affairs for border management functions.
it would be in the fitness of things if it is placed permanently under the mha and made exclusively responsible for coastal security.
the indian navy would then be free to deal with the 'blue water' philosophy, warfighting functions, nuclear deterrence, etc, rather than coastal security.
this would also make authority, responsibility and accountability clear.
thus, a streamlining of the maritime governance structure in the country will help ensure secure and water-tight coastal borders.
modi promises more reforms, says note ban short-term painpatalganga (m'rashtra), dec 24, 2016 (pti) 15:04 istprime minister narendra modi today hinted at unleashing more radical reforms, saying his government will not shy away from taking difficult decisions that are in national interest and admitted the note ban caused short-term pain.
inaugurating a new educational and training campus of the sebi-run national institute of securities markets (nism) in this industrial township near mumbai, modi said the government will unveil more long-term policies that are stable and sound so as to sustain the higher economic growth rate.
our government will continue to follow sound and prudent economic policies and we will not take decisions for short-term political point scoring.
admitting that the demonetisation drive has caused some short-term pains to the public, modi said this will bring in benefits in the long-term.
despite the lingering disagreements between the centre and the states over the dual control of the gst mechanism, modi expressed hope that the biggest tax reform the nation has seen till date will be a reality shortly.
claiming he has transformed the economy since assuming office over 30 months ago, the pm said when he took over the economy was in dire straits with high current account and fiscal deficits, near-double digit inflation and low forex reserves.
in spite of all difficulties, he said his government has improved these key metrics massively since assuming office in may 2014 and today the country is a bright spot in otherwise a gloomy global environment.
even as the whole world is fighting a prolonged slowdown, india is being seen as a bright spot with growth projected to be highest amongst the large economies, he said.
modi said advancing budget presentation will help improve productivity by ensuring adequate resources to all productive sectors of the economy.
lauding sebi for facilitating a large number of ipos this year and helping the capital markets to grow, he said the financial markets are very important for a fast-growing economy.
he underlined the need for developing a robust corporate bond markets so that banks funds can be utilised for other less organised sectors.
modi asked market watchdog sebi and finance ministry to enable municipalities to tap markets.
stock markets should help in raising capital for productive purposes while the bond market could become a source of long-term infra finance.
the event was attended by union finance minister arun jaitley, maharashtra governor vidyasagar rao, state chief minister devendrafadnavis , sebi chairman u k sinha and many other officials and senior bankers.
govt to probe louis berger contracts: cmmumbai, august 11, 2015, dhns: 2:32 istthe maharashtra government has decided to probe into the big-ticket projects involving the us-based project management consultant, louis berger.
during the 15-years of rule of the congress-ncp democratic front government, the louis berger has been involved in several projects like the mono rail, metro rail, navi mumbai international airport and santacrtuz chembur link road.
in goa, the louis berger has snowballed into a major political issue with the arrest of former public works department minister churchill alemao  and former chief minister digambar kamat coming under the scanner of investigating agencies.
speaking to reporters at mantralaya, the state secretariat here, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said that a probe has been ordered.
yes.
.
.
we have ordered a probe, he said, adding that additional chief secretary (home) has been asked to look into the issue and prepare a report.
the indian set-up of the new jersey-based pmc, was under scrutiny for reportedly paying bribes to secure water and sewerage projects in assam and goa, and now maharashtra becomes the third state.
fadnavis keeps plum portfoliosmumbai, nov 02, 2014, dhns: 1:26 istexpansion of ministry to take place after trust vote in legislative assemblyin accordance with prime minister narendra modis mantra of minimum government, maximum governance, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has come out with a ministry where key people handle subjects which are interrelated.
two days after he was sworn in as the chief minister along with seven cabinet-rank ministers and two ministers of state, the 44-year-old fadnavis allocated portfolios on sunday.
an expansion of the ministry will take place in the second fortnight of november, after the government passes the trust vote in the maharashtra legislative assembly.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) is pursuing its old ally, the shiv sena, to join the government.
it has already been assured of an outside unconditional support by the sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party.
fadnavis has kept home, urban development and housing ministries and all other ministries that had not been allotted pending talks with shiv sena.
the senior-most member in the cabinet, eknath khadse, from north maharashtra, has been given revenue, minority development and wakf, agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy development, fisheries and state excise.
fadnavis party colleague from vidarbha, sudhir mungantiwar, will be in charge of finance, planning and forests.
to make the team more responsible, the separate ministries for school and higher education, medical education and sports and youth welfare have been given to vinod tawde, from mumbai.
another senior leader from mumbai, prakash mehta, will be in charge of industries and mines and will also handle parliamentary affairs.
senior bjp leader chandrakant patil, from kolhapur in western maharashtra, has been given cooperation and marketing.
besides this, he will also handle the two ministers of public works and public works (undertakings).
gopinath mundes daughter pankaja munde, who is from marathwada, has been given rural development and water conservation as well as women and child development.
veteran tribal leader from thane district, vishnu savara will handle tribal development, social justice and special assistance.
as far as junior ministers are concerned, minister of state dilip kamble will handle tribal development, social justice and special assistance.
vidya thakur has got the ministries of rural development and water conservation, women and child development.
fadnavis is following modis vision and his model of the prime ministers office, which would be replicated in the chief ministers officer (cmo).
pune: mcdonald's probes eviction of destitute child from its outletpune, jan 18, 2015, pti: 8:02 istmcdonald's india is internally probing an incident of a destitute child reportedly being thrown out of its outlet here, even as the restaurant management suspended the security personnel involved in the incident.
mcdonald's india is investigating internally an issue that has been reported on an incident involving a street child.
the concerned security personnel involved in the incident have been suspended pending completion of an enquiry, the company said in a statement.
according to media reports, a street child was thrown out of the restaurant by an employee on january 10, allegedly saying, these kind of people are not allowed here.
the child was accompanying shaheena attarwala, who took him inside to buy him a drink.
the incident came to light when attarwala wrote about the incident on a social website.
we will further examine if in any manner there has been a breach in basic courtesy and respect and take appropriate action, including re-training where required.
we wish to affirm that we treasure and respect everyone in equal measure and do not support any form of discrimination, the statement said.
maha govt readying 'maha wallet' for a less cash societymumbai, dec 6, 2016(pti) 15:08 istto mitigate the impact of demonetisation on the masses, the maharashtra government is working on a 'maha wallet' to encourage cashless transactions.
i have told the information technology department to prepare a report (based on the proposal) in this regard and submit it to me in a fortnight, finance minister sudhir mungantiwar told pti.
maha wallet will be a secure e-service where the citizens' money would be secure.
we are working on a system where needs of each of the 11.
97 crore population of the state are being considered, the minister said.
the it department proposal will consider various facets like the needs of people who are well versed in net banking and those who are not, smartphone or feature phone users, and those without a mobile, besides the technologically challenged.
we want to ensure that the system is modelled to help small vendors, farmers and all those who deal in cash transactions, he said.
similarly, the proposal will also highlight the amount to be deposited in the maha wallet by users.
it will also work on finding out how many citizens have bank accounts and how many use debit and credit cards.
efforts are on to make a less cash society since being cashless is difficult.
we want to create a system where citizens will be required to carry less cash with them, mungantiwar said.
he said that after the proposal is received, the matter will be taken up with chief minister devendrafadnavis for further action.
fadnavis, who is member of the committee appointed by the centre on promotion of cashless society, had pointed out during a recent meeting with the panel members that needs of farmers, labourers from unorganised sector and small vendors should be considered first.
maha cm's wife wants sanitary pads made by shgs out of gst ambitpress trust of india, mumbai, jun 1 2017, 13:05 istthere is a raging debate about making sanitary napkins tax free, which are set to be taxed at 12 per cent under the upcoming tax regime.
pti photoamruta fadnavis, the banker wife of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , has demanded exemption from levying the gst on sanitary napkins prepared by self help groups (shgs).
there is a raging debate about making sanitary napkins tax free, which are set to be taxed at 12 per cent under the upcoming tax regime.
recently, the women's wing of the ncp launched a signature campaign to press for its demand of making sanitary pads tax-free.
i personally feel that self-help groups which make sanitary pads, the non-branded ones, should not fall under the 12 per cent tax bracket, amruta said at the launch of her new single 'phir se' here last night.
in the music video, she features alongside megastar amitabh bachchan.
amruta said though it was her dream to work with big b, performing with him made her absolutely nervous.
initially, i was very confident.
director ahmed khan and his team are very friendly.
but when i was supposed to be in front of bachchan sir, i got nervous.
but he makes you feel like a colleague and a friend.
he never makes you feel (he is) a superstar, she said.
bachchan, who was also present at the event, said he immediately said yes to the song not because she was cm's wife but a talented lady.
when she approached me, i couldn't say no.
not because she is chief minister's wife but because she is a lady who wants to make use of her talent and be successful on her own merit.
i really liked it, the actor said.
when asked if her husband has heard the song, amruta replied, he said he loved the song, loved the music.
he is a super big fan of bachchan sir so he had to like the overall video too.
the single has been composed by jeet gangulii, arranged by abhijit vaghani and written by rashmi virag.
half of the profits earned from the video will go to farmers' relief fund.
man linked to security lapse at pm event in mumbai heldmumbai, nov 7, 2014, (pti): 21:25 ista man who posed as a public servant and gained unauthorised entry into the swearing-in ceremony of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis where he shared dais with prime minister narendra modi, has been arrested.
anil mishra managed to enter wankhede stadium, where the ceremony was held on october 31, without a valid pass and got onto the dais where modi was sitting along with other dignitaries in an apparent breach of security, police said.
mishra, who claims to be a bjp activist, was arrested yesterday and produced before a court which sent him in police custody till november 11, police said today.
the 39-year-old has been booked under ipc sections 170 (personating a public servant) and 447 (punishment for criminal trespass), police said.
the accused gained entry into the stadium falsely claiming to be a government servant and moreover he broke the tight security zone, said dcp dhananjay kulkarni.
according to police sources, mishra was spotted near the vvips, including modi, india's most protected politician, and fadnavis, who also enjoys multi-layered security.
mishra got his photographs with dignitaries such as rajnath singh and amit shah, both present at the event, clicked and uploaded them on social media.
a bjp activist, sanjay bedia, brought the matter to the notice of police, who immediately launched a probe.
however, mishra's lawyer vinod chate claimed his client had obtained a valid pass.
my client had a valid vip pass to gain entry into the wankhede stadium.
police are only saying he should not have gone on the dais where the pm, cm and other dignitaries were present.
mishra, who is a registered member of bjp, went on to the stage to greet the dignitaries but only after the ceremony was over, chate told reporters.
when told that bjp has denied having issued a vip pass to mishra, the advocate asserted, police will investigate the facts.
mishra had no criminal intentions.
the lawyer alleged bedia, who had complained to police about mishra, has personal differences with his client and because of which he falsely implicated the latter.
meanwhile, maharashtra revenue minister eknath khadse today assured appropriate action in the incident.
we need to conduct an inquiry about this man.
where did he come from and who he is.
some unknown person comes so close to the prime minister.
.
.
this is not good.
i will talk to the chief minister about this and appropriate action will be taken, khadse told reporters here.
oppn lashes out at fadnavis over commentmumbai, nov 5, 2015, dhns: 1:23 istthe opposition the congress and the ncp in maharashtra lashed out at chief minister devendrafadnavis statement that the bureaucracy has not been cooperating with the state government.
they also pointed out that more officers on special duty (osds) have been appointed in clear breach of rules and article 309 of the constitution.
in the beginning, the bureaucracy was slow in changing its attitude, fadnavis was quoted as saying.
but slowly, those in higher positions have now started being responsive and the resistance has gone down.
but half the lower-level bureaucrats are still stuck in the past, he said.
we are taking steps to make them fall in line too.
we have suspended over 800 staffers, dismissed over 50 and registered firs against over 450 personnel to give a strong message, the chief minister said.
leader of opposition in the maharashtra assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil and ncp spokesperson and former labour minister nawab malik on wednesday lashed out at the bjp-sena dispensation for the state of affairs.
they are not able to manage and are now shifting blame on bureaucracy, said vikhe-patil, who had served as agriculture minister in the erstwhile congress-ncp democratic front government and also the previous shiv sena-bjp alliance government.
how will bureaucrats work if ministers are being given clean chit on every issue?
he said maharashtra is known for its administration and the state had been blessed with outstanding bureaucrats.
while the congress-ncp government did not appoint any osds in their 15-year tenure, malik said the current bjp led administration has appointed 100 of them.
today, we have more than 100 osds attached to various ministers, including half a dozen in the chief ministers office.
.
.
.
day in and day out private persons are being appointed as osds, he said.
the ncp spokesperson said fadnavis does not trust the bureaucracy since he is driven by the sangh ideology.
fadnavis visits pawar's turf in baramatimumbai/pune, nov 7, 2015, dhns: 0:26 istafter prime minister narendra modi and union finance minister arun jaitley, it was the turn of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , to visit baramati in pune district, the home turf of nationalist congress party (ncp) supremo sharad pawar.
known for its rich history and heritage and importance in contemporary political scenario, baramati is today known for its development in agriculture and the contribution of the pawar family in its transformation.
while modi had visited baramati on february 14, jaitley had visited the municipal town on october 17  and in their speeches that had showered praises on pawar, a former maharashtra cm, who has also served as defence minister, agriculture minister at the centre and also the leader of opposition in lok sabha.
at baramati, fadnavis inaugurated a three-day agro exhibition organised by the krishi vigyan kendra.
fadnavis was accompanied by revenue and agriculture minister eknath khadse.
incidentally, at the function, former deputy chief minister ajit pawar, nephew of pawar, was also present.
at the inaugural event, in the appasaheb pawar auditorium, pawar reminded fadnavis that three years ago maharashtra was leading in pulses production.
as a matter of fact, the bjp-shiv sena saffron alliance has been the target of the ncp for the agrarian scenario in maharashtra, drought in marathwada and vidarbha and the centres failure to provide any big monetary relief among other issues.
senior ncp leaders had courted arrest in various parts of the state to highlight the distress.
bjp-sena ties stable after local pollsmrityunjay bose, march 11, 2017 0:56 istpolitical equations may change during the 2019 lok sabha polls and the state assembly polls later.
the relationship between the bjp and the shiv sena, its ally for the last 25-plus years, had been tumultuous.
whether it is supporting congress nominees  pratibha patil and pranab mukherjee in the presidential elections in 2002 and 2012  targeting prime minister narendra modi now, or for that matter criticising the bjp-led nda government of a b vajpayee despite being an alliance partner, the sena-bjp ties have been closely followed in political circles.
though the sena deeply misses its founder balasaheb thackeray, its aggression against the bjp continues.
shiv sena president uddhav thackeray has left no stone unturned in showing displeasure against modi, bjp president amit shah and top leaders, including maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
however, the recently-concluded polls to local bodies in maharashtra, that catapulted the bjp to the status of no.
1 party in this western state, has changed the political scene to a certain extent.
the polls to the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc), one of the largest civic bodies in asia, saw the sena and the bjp in a neck-to-neck contest with both claiming the post of mayor.
but fadnavis and thackeray brokered peace and allowed shiv senas mayor to take charge in the oldest corporation of asia.
the bmc whose budget is rs 37,052 crore  higher than that of some states  and has fixed deposits of rs 51,000 crore, is a matter of prestige for the sena.
even while this was happening, the sena targeted the fadnavis government and demanded a loan waiver for the states distressed farmers.
however, the sena being given the mayors seat in mumbai signals stability for the bjp-led saffron alliance government in the state, where the sena is a partner.
it appears that a balance of power has been established and that fadnavis and thackeray will keep each other in good humour.
but even though they maintain cordial relations, the rapport that late bal thackeray had with late pramod mahajan, or for that matter with late gopinath munde, is lacking now, and so are steps for rapprochement.
the situation had become so fragile that if the sena had not have been allowed to assume the post of mayor safely, it could have had a bearing on the fadnavis-led government because of the numbers.
in the 288-member assembly, the bjp leads the tally with 122 followed by the sena, 63, the congress, 42, the ncp, 41, and other parties and independents at 20.
the magic figure is 145.
if the sena had have walked out, the situation would have been different.
as the ncp would not have given support to the bjp, there was a possibility of the congress and the ncp supporting the sena taking the groups tally to 146, one more than the magic figure.
but the leaders of both the sena and the bjp decided that it was better to stick to old allies whom they knew so well.
even the congress and the ncp were in two minds over supporting the sena, which they had branded as a communal party.
the fadnavis government is half-way through its five year term.
at present, with the kind of political equilibrium prevailing in the state, there is no immediate threat to the government.
however, things may change as we near the lok sabha polls of 2019 and the subsequent polls to the maharashtra legislative assembly.
in 2014, the sena and the bjp had contested the lok sabha elections together but split up during the assembly polls.
same was the case with the congress and the sharad pawar-led ncp.
cm emerges strongerahead of the mega municipal and local bodies polls in february, thackeray had announced that the sena would henceforth not have any electoral alliance with the bjp.
he may stick to his words.
however, one of the most interesting facts of the recent local polls is that fadnavis has emerged stronger than before for leading the bjp to an impressive show.
on previous occasions, it was mahajan who used to air dash and handle the shiv sena, but here the chief minister has singlehandedly managed all the affairs  he kept his government safe, kept charging at the sena and also made bjp the no.
1 party.
he enjoys full confidence of modi-shah duo, he has managed to sideline his detractors and those who could have challenged his position, and has also maintained his goodwill at nagpur, his hometown and headquarters of the rss.
even amid a phase of political uncertainty, fadnavis completed 25 years in politics.
on february 22, 1992, a young devendrafadnavis had got elected as a corporator to the nagpur municipal corporation and exactly 25 years later, on february 23, 2017, fadnavis, now cm, positioned the bjp as the no.
1 party.
the sena would continue to take some anti-bjp positions while remaining in the government, like the way it did by joining hands with the opposition parties, the congress and the ncp, in demanding loan waiver for farmers.
but at the same time, the bjp which allowed the sena to have its mayor and did not stake a claim to posts in the bmc, is expected to get back at the sena at a later stage.
bjp-sena govt comes under attack for malnutrition deathsmrityunjay bose,mumbai, october 08, 2016, dhns 23:25 istdatelinewith child malnutrition deaths shooting up at palghar district that adjoins mumbai  the commercial capital of the country  the critical issue has come to the fore yet again and prompted the bjp-shiv sena alliance government in maharashtra to swing into action.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and his ministers have come under sharp attack from leader of opposition in maharashtra legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil (congress) and his counterpart in the council dhananjay munde (ncp).
both of them had extensively toured the palghar district and had put the deaths in last one year at a massive 600-plus.
the government has made a mess of the situation in the last two years, said vikhe-patil.
the deaths are not caused only by hunger and starvation and the issue has compounded because of multiple causes and lack of coordinated effort from the government.
.
.
.
it is a matter of regret that even after 70 years of freedom, starvation deaths are happening.
.
.
malnutrition is not a disease, the real disease is hunger, said vivek pandit, former mla and founder of ngos  samarthan and shramjeevi sangathana  which work with the tribal community in palghar districts malnutrition-affected taluks of mokhada, jawhar and vikramgad.
according to pandit, the palghar figures are disturbing.
in 2013-14, the number of child deaths because of malnutrition was 512, 485 in 2014-15, 457 in 2015-16 and 208 from april to august 2016.
as per the government survey, 5,864 children come under moderate acute malnutrition (mam) and 1,456 children come under severe acute malnutrition (sam).
this means 7,230 children are malnourished in palghar district.
after governor ch vidyasagar rao took cognizance of the issue, three ministers - tribal affairs minister vishnu savara, who is also the guardian minister of palghar district, women and child development minister pankaja munde and public health minister dr deepak sawant visited the affected-taluks to take stock of the situation.
finance and planning minister sudhir mungantiwar is working with them.
recently, pandit too met the governor and apprised him of the ground situation.
we need to make a comprehensive plan that would include long-term as well as short-term measures to tackle malnutrition in the state.
the government must reach out to every single child suffering from malnutrition, the governor told the meeting of ministers and senior government officials.
the national human rights commission (nhrc) too had taken suo motu cognizance of the issue and sought a report from chief secretary swadheen kashtriya.
such a huge number of deaths of the children in a year amounts to violation of right to life and health of the poor victims.
the excerpts of the news stories reveal that the area having tribal population is the most vulnerable.
the tribals, affected by poverty and illiteracy, lack awareness about government welfare and healthcare schemes, the nhrc said.
the problem in tribal areas is complex, said dr anita patil, who works with the tribals in the district.
here are issues of a proper diet of mothers, who are married young, and the gap between two children is less.
there are issues such as patients or parents not consulting the doctors and depending of local godmen.
also, the children are underweight, their bmi (body mass index) is lowthe fat content in their food and their iron intake is less.
.
.
even the intake of non-vegetarian food is low.
.
.
they do not take kids to hospitals for treatment.
.
.
diarrhoea is quite common among kids, sanitation is another issue, she said.
we are going to make coordinated effort to tackle the situation, said dr sawant even as he admitted to malnutrition deaths, but added that the figures thrown up by congress and ncp were not correct.
we have decided on a lot of things and what we are looking at is to provide proper nutrition to mothers and kids.
.
.
we have studied various international examples and guidelines of unicef and very soon we would come out with a policy paper, said pankaja munde.
the issue made headlines when the governor expressed serious concern over the deaths coupled with the issue of minister savara getting into a spat with local villagers.
so what?
the government is doing its work, implementing schemes, he retorted when pointed out that 600 people had died of malnutrition in the past one year.
he, however, later denied making any such statement.
closure of schemepandit points out that it was first in september 2015 that he had apprised the government of the situation.
it was way back in december 2015 when we had a meeting with the chief minister on the child deaths and we had forewarned him that the closure of the village child development centre (vcdc) will result in the child deaths.
he assured us that it would be restarted soon.
however, so far, that has not happened, he said and pointed out that in january 2016, the apj abdul kalam amrut yojaya was announced but in fact, in many places, it has not started.
the vcdc was meant for providing supplementary food to children, amrut yojana for pregnant and lactating mothers, and in this scheme, children are not included.
the programme itself has several flaws and in the present state, the implementation of the same is not practically possible, according to pandit.
another issue is that for nearly six months, salary and money spent on nutrition food for children by anganwadi workers and assistants have not been paid.
the system of survey of children should also be changed, he said and also asked for nutrition rehabilitation centre and child treatment centres for sam and mam children to be started at the premises of the public health centre (phc) itself and that funds should be provided.
there is also a shortage of doctors in the region, pandit said.
there is an issue, no one denies that.
.
.
it is a complex problem and we all need to be together in solving the issue.
.
.
though there have been deaths, the figures circulated by opposition is not a reality, said pascal dhanare, bjp mla of palghar.
maharashtra braces for memon's executionmumbai/nagpur, july 29, 2015, (ians) 19:40 istafter the rejection of death row convict yakub a.r. memon's pleas by the supreme court and the maharashtra governor, the state government is gearing up to execute him at 7 a.
m.
on thursday in nagpur central jail (ncj).
the state government has deployed additional security in and around the ncj premises, outside memon's residence in mahim and other sensitive spots across the state to prevent any adverse fallout of the execution.
director general of police sanjeev dayal and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria met chief minister devendrafadnavis shortly after the supreme court verdict and the governor's decision in the matter.
governor c.v. rao on wednesday rejected yakub memon's plea for clemency, shortly after a three-judge bench of the supreme court rejected his appeal filed before it earlier this week.
this paved the way for memon's scheduled execution on thursday - ironically on his 54th birthday - for his role and conviction in the march 12, 1993 mumbai serial blasts case.
commenting on the latest developments, special public prosecutor ujjwal nikam said there were no legal hurdles now to give effect to the death warrant issued against memon.
a police constable, who also doubles as a professional hangman, arrived in nagpur earlier this week to finalise the preparations for the high-profile hanging.
memon's family members, including his wife and daughter, two brothers and other relatives, are in nagpur for a final meeting with him.
as per the procedure, on thursday morning, memon will be permitted a bathe, wear fresh clothes and offer prayers.
later, he will be given a breakfast of his choice, undergo a final medical examination, and given full information on why he is being hanged, before he is taken to the gallows.
chinese firm interested in trans-harbour linkmumbai, may 20, 2015, dhns: 0:48 istin what comes as a ray of hope for the much-awaited mumbai trans-harbour link (mthl), a chinese company has expressed interest in the project and also come out with financing options.
conceived way back in 1995, the project has run into rough weather several times over the last 15 years.
however, once completed, it would be an engineering marvel.
the latest development happened during maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis visit to china.
as part of province-to-province ties maharashtra and shandong region are looking at various things and this is one of them, he said.
rijiju says 'unaware' of air india flight delay to ferry himnew delhi, july 2, 2015, (ians): 12:29 istunion minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju on thursday said he was unaware that an air india flight was allegedly delayed and three passengers had to be de-boarded around a week ago to accommodate him and an aide at the last minute.
usually, i am informed about all my travel arrangements while i am on an official assignment, rijiju told ians from darjeeling, where he has gone to check the damage caused by landslides in the district.
but i can't be blamed for the happening as the leh administration didn't inform me on what basis they were making the changes to accommodate me on the air india flight, the minister added.
it is obvious that if i was informed about the changes by causing problems to passengers, then i would have definitely stopped it from happening.
rijiju was in leh on june 24 to attend the sindhu darshan festival.
but due to bad weather, the helicopter in which he had traveled could not take off and some last minute arrangements had to made to accommodate him and his aie on the air india flight, ai-446.
earlier this week, an air india flight from mumbai to new york, with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on board, was reportedly delayed by nearly an hour.
this was allegedly done to accommodate a member of his entourage.
while fadnavis denied any such hold-up, air india confirmed the delay, albeit for different reasons.
the flight ai-191 of 29th of june 15 was delayed by total 57 minutes.
the delay was partly due to technical/operational reasons and also due to atc (air traffic control), an airline official said in a statement.
don't pin any hopes on us in future: sena tells bjpmumbai, nov 17, 2014 (pti) 11:45 istshiv sena today ruled out rapprochement with former ally bjp saying the ruling party has shattered the hopes of the people after what transpired during the trust vote in maharashtra assembly.
we do not need to sit and think over what went wrong (with the bjp) during the assembly elections and what happened thereafter.
but whoever has brought maharashtra to a state where it has to repent for the misdeeds that happened lately, should not look towards the sena with hope in the future, the party said in an edit in its mouthpiece saamana.
the sena said that bjp has been subjected to much more mudslinging than the congress and ncp during their rule in the state in last 15 years.
the bjp has received much more flak for the drama that happened on the day of trust vote than what the congress and the ncp received during their 15-year tenure in the state.
the dreams and hopes of the people of state have been shattered.
who will pay for this now ?
 it asked.
the former ally said that people voted for change in the assembly elections, but the aspirations of the people will remain unfulfilled as the bjp has formed a government with the support of the ncp.
have people really got a chance to dream for the development of maharashtra?
the congress rule has ended but like before, new delhi will play a bigger role in the state today as well, it said.
we will work towards keeping maharashtra a united state and continuously work towards its progress with our strength of 63 mlas, it added.
meanwhile, the shiv sena has planned a show of strength on the second death anniversary of the sena patriarch balasaheb thackeray at shivaji park here today.
party sources said it would be an opportunity to assert sena's pride after the fall out with bjp.
however, it's not clear if chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders will attend the event.
ncp may stake claim to lop postmumbai, dec 3, 2014, dhns: 0:33 istthe sharad pawar-led nationalist congress party (ncp) may stake its claim to the post of leader of opposition in both houses of maharashtra legislature, if the shiv sena joins the bjp government.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is keen that the shiv sena join the government so that bjp does not have to depend on the unconditional outside support of the ncp.
last month, the fadnavis government won the vote of confidence through a controversial voice vote, which has been questioned vehemently by the congress and four pils/writ petitions are pending in the bombay high court.
hence, the bjp does not want to take any chances and is inclined to include the shiv sena before the nagpur winter session of the legislature, commencing on december 8.
however, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray is yet to make any official announcement in this regard.
preparations are on for a swearing-in ceremony in vidhan bhavan premises for friday, though there is no independent confirmation.
as far as the leader of opposition is concerned, ncp appears to be on a strong footing.
as of now, shiv senas eknath shinde is leader of opposition in the maharashtra legislative assembly and if the party joins the government, the post would be vacant.
as far as leader of opposition in the council is concerned, the previous leader of opposition vinod tawde won elections and is the new education minister.
the ncp, according to sources, would definitely claim the post in the council.
in the 78-member council, ncp has a strength of 28 and congress 21 while bjp has nine and shiv sena 6, followed by other smaller parties and independents.
since the numbers are favourable, the ncp may also stake claim for the post of chairman of maharashtra legislative council  as it does not have any alliance with the congress.
as of now, congress leader shivajirao deshmukh is the chairman.
mumbai meeting on mahadayi river dispute postponedoctober 20, 2016, mumbai, dhns 2:10 istthe meeting to resolve the long-pending mahadayi river dispute  that was to be chaired by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on friday  has been postponed.
the meeting has been postponed, possibly it would be held after a fortnights time, a top official in the chief ministers office (cmo) told dh on wednesday night.
fadnavis was to chair the meeting in which karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah and goa chief minister laxmikant parsekar were to be present.
fadnavis had taken lead in resolving the issue.
asked about the reasons for the cancellation of the meeting, the cmo official said that there was a request from the goa cms office that he would not be able to attend the meeting on friday because of some urgent commitments and requested it to be rescheduled after 15 days.
the mahadayi water dispute tribunal, headed by j m panchal, suggested the three states  maharashtra, goa and karnataka  resolve the issue through talks with or without a third-party mediation.
besides the chief ministers, water resources ministers and bureaucrats of the three neighbouring states were to attend the meeting.
the mahadayi or kalasa-banduri project is undertaken by the karnataka government to improve drinking water supply to the twin cities of hubballi-dharwad and irrigation in parts of belagavi and gadag districts.
the project involves building barrages across kalasa and banduri, tributaries of the mahadayi river, to divert 7 tmcft of water to the malaprabha river, which supplies water for drinking as well as irrigation to parched areas.
the karnataka government proposes to divert some water from the mahadayi river to the malaprabha river basin as part of the kalasa-banduri nala project, as approximately 200 tmcft of water flows into the arabian sea.
the mahadayi water tribunal has to decide on the sharing of the rivers waters between karnataka and goa.
nashik/mumbai, march 7, 2016, dhns: 1:28 istafter protesting at shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district seeking entry of women into the sanctum sanctorum, the bhumata rangranai brigade has now made similar demands for nashik districts famous trimbakeshwar temple that houses one of the 12 jyotirlingas.
the trupti desai-headed womens organization on monday would march to the trimbakeshwar temple on the auspicious occasion of maha shivratri and on the eve of international womens day.
the shree trimbakeshwar sansthan trust, that runs the temple administration, however, had made it clear that women could not be allowed to the sanctum sanctorum.
not just shani shingnapur or trimakeshwar, there has been discrimination against women in several other temples, desai said adding that they are fighting for equal gender rights and constitutional rights.
in fact, we have convened our demands to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , after the shani shingnapur protests, she said.
there is no ban on the entry of women in any temples of lord shiva in india.
the tradition of banning the entry of women in the sanctum sanctorum of this temple has no scientific or religious backing, desai said in a letter to us phalke, the chairperson of the temple trust.
at present, only men can touch the pindi of lord trimbakeshwar, that too when dressed in a silk garment popularly known as sovale.
moreover, this entry is permitted for one hour in the day, generally early in the morning.
desai pointed out that even the kashi vishveshwar temple, considered to be the greatest among all the 12 jyotilings, allows both men and women into the inner sanctum.
mahadev is described as shiv-parvati and also as ardhnarishwar.
hence women should be considered to be representatives of goddess parvati and should get equal justice, she said.
karnataka vehicles blocked at borderbelagavi, nov 06, 2016, dhns 1:40 istactivists of shiv sena, protesting against the reported atrocities against marathi-speaking people in karnataka, staged protests in kolhapur on saturday.
they blocked the movement of vehicles and north western karnataka road transport corporation (nwrtc) buses, in particular, from karnataka to maharashtra, near kagal on the inter-state border on the pune-bengaluru national highway.
the protesters forced the passengers to alight from the bus and daubed the windscreens and boards of the vehicle with black and red paint.
they also wrote jai maharashtra on the buses.
maha cm must intervene: senathe shiv sena, the ruling alliance partner of the bjp in maharashtra, on saturday asked maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to intervene in the wake of reported atrocities against the marathi-speaking people in belagavi, reports dhns from mumbai.
the chief minister needs to intervene in the matter, shiv sena rajya sabha member sanjay raut said.
he said there were unanimous resolutions by both the houses of the maharashtra legislature on the issue.
the matter needs to be taken up at the central level, too.
maha favours lifting ban on women at haji alimumbai, feb 9, 2016 (pti) 17:25 istthe maharashtra government today favoured lifting of the ban on entry of women into the sanctum sanctorum of the haji ali shrine unless its controlling authority proves the measure has been put in place as part of its religious practice with reference to quran.
the bjp-led government's view was conveyed to the court, hearing a petition challenging the ban, by state's advocate general shrihari aney.
the durgah board, however, told a division bench of justices v m kanade and revati mohite dere that the women have been barred from entering the sanctum sanctorum since it houses the tomb of a male saint.
in islam, it is a sin for women to touch a male saint or his tomb, it said, defending the ban.
petitioner raju more, however, contested the board's argument, contending haji ali's official website says nobody was actually buried inside the tomb.
i also gave the court a printout of what is officially mentioned on the haji ali's website in support of my argument, he said.
after hearing their contentions, the court asked all the parties to submit their arguments in writing within two weeks.
the court had on february 3 sought the state government's opinion on the pil challenging the ban.
the hc had indicated last month that it would wait for the supreme court's ruling on entry of women in sabarimala temple in kerala before deciding on the plea.
a petition in the apex court has sought entry for all women and girls into the sabarimala temple which prohibits girls and women aged 10-50 years from visiting the shrine.
the maharashtra government's submission on the issue came amid an ongoing row over a similar ban on women at a shani temple in shani shingnapur.
the authorities had recently thwarted an attempt by a women's group to enter the temple's sanctum sanctorum by detaining them.
the agitating women are now waiting for chief minister devendra fadnavis's decision on whether the ban should be lifted.
maharashtra to try cloud seedingmumbai, june 03, 2015, dhns: 1:30 istmaharashtra government is getting ready with a back-up plan for cloud seeding, albeit on an experimental basis, to bring relief at drought-hit areas in the event of monsoon failure.
state revenue, relief and rehabilitation department has published a bidding document for cloud seeding operations, with the idea coming to focus after the weather department predicting delayed and deficient monsoon this season.
at the weekly cabinet meeting headed by chief minister devendrafadnavis where the issue came up for discussion, rs 10 crore has been set aside for the operations.
we have plans to undertake cloud seeding in vidarbha, marathwada and north maharashtra, revenue minister eknath khadse told reporters in mantralaya, adding that it would be a pilot project.
discussions around cloud seeding has been going on for nearly a decade as the state experienced long spells of drought and inadequate rainfall.
however, their viability has come under question after operations by municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) failed to yield encouraging results.
the mcgm has in the past held discussions with pune-based indian institute of tropical meteorology (iitm) for cloud seeding.
experts said mcgm, indian meteorological department (imd) and other agencies must coordinate properly and have an advanced plan for cloud seeding operations to succeed.
the mcgm tried cloud seeding in 1992 and just a few years ago over vaitarna and tansa lakes that supply water to mumbai.
cloud seeding is done when coal is burnt in a furnace at 1350 degree celsius and silver iodide in powder form is strewn.
the particles become lighter than air after fusing and reach the cloud concentrations in 10 or 12 minutes.
the particles crystallise at -5 degree and attract water in the clouds.
as the wait increases, the clouds release rain, experts said.
however, the process has to meet certain natural conditions to succeed.
for instance, the clouds have to be in the altitude of 8,000 or 10,000 metres.
minister asks ai chief for report on flight delaysnew delhi, july 3, 2015, dhns: 0:57 istcivil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju on saturday asked air india chairman and managing director rohit nandan to submit a report on flights delayed by vips.
the instruction came after a controversy erupted over incidents involving maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister kiren rijiju in which flights were delayed.
air india had to delay the flight from leh to delhi as rijiju and jammu and kashmir deputy chief minister nirmal singh reportedly arrived late at the airport.
similarly, there were claims that an air india flight to the us had to be delayed after fadnavis insisted that his principal secretary, whose travel documents were not in order, be allowed to get his papers and then board the plane.
meanwhile, air india and goair have come under the scanner of the directorate general of civil aviation (dgca) on charges of violating safety norms while operating flights to leh recently.
as reports of faulty evms and voter verified paper audit trail (vvpat) machines surfaced during the crucial by-elections to the palghar and bhandara gondiya lok sabha constituencies in maharashtra, opposition parties and shiv sena targeted the bjp on monday.
opposition parties congress, ncp, bharipa bahujan mahajan and bjps alliance partner shiv sena  that is part of the bjp-led nda at the centre and runs the government in maharashtra, raised doubts over electronic voting and suggested paper ballot.
the issue has further strained the relations between the two saffron alliance partners.
at one point of time booth capturing used to take place during electionswe know of biharnow you have the key of voting machines, shiv sena leader sanjay raut said, adding that there has been several reports of faulty electronic voting machines (evms) in palghar district.
raut said he was not really surprised as maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had spoken about saam, daam, dand and bhed (all means and methods) to win the crucial bypolls.
senior ncp leader praful patel said it was shocking that 20 to 25  evms were faulty in the bhandra gondiya constituency.
i have been told that because of heat, these malfunctioned.
if that is so, it would have an impact on the results, he said.
according to him, developed countries like the united states, germany, france and japan, have stopped the use of evms and they have reverted to ballot papers.
moreover, when electronic machines were available in maharashtra, why these were brought from surat in gujarat from places were the bjp won, he wanted to know.
i have information that 450 evms have failed in bhandara gondiya, said bharipa bahujan mahasangh founder prakash ambedkar, the grandson of dr babasaheb ambedkar.
in palghar, bahujan vikas aghadi leader hitendra thakur too raised the issue of faulty evms. most of the evms which failed were in our strongholds.
besides, what was the need to bring in vvpat from surat in gujarat, he asked.
as many as 250 evms going out of order in two constituencies is something suspicious, said state congress president ashok chavan.
bhandara collector abhimanyu kale and his palghar counterpart prakash narnaware, however, said that wherever there has been a faulty evm or vvpat, it has been replaced.
it may be recalled, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray had released an audio clip in which fadnavis was purportedly heard exhorting the bjp party workers to use saam, daam, dand and bhed (all means and methods) to win the crucial bypolls.
fadnavis dismissed saying it was pruned, edited and tampered version of his speech.
however, the shiv sena has demanded that the election commission (ec) must act against him.
state seeks 4 tmc ft of water from maha for north k'takaapril 04, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 1:18 istsiddaramaiah reviews measures to tackle drought in 12 districtsthe state government has sought 4 tmc ft of water from maharashtra to meet the drinking water needs of the parched districts of north karnataka, chief minister siddaramaiah said on sunday.
speaking to reporters after holding a video-conference to review the drought relief work with deputy commissioners and chief executive officers of zilla panchayats of 12 districts of north karnataka, siddaramaiah said the initial response from maharashtra had been positive.
he said a delegation comprising water resources minister m b patil and it&bt minister s r patil will soon meet maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and make a formal request to release 2 tmc ft of water from koyna and kalammawadi reservoirs across krishna and another 2 tmc ft from ujjani dam to bhima river.
henceforth water stored in dams would be used only for drinking.
the districts of bagalkot, gadag, haveri, ballari, bidar, belagavi, dharwad, kalaburagi, raichur, vijayapura, koppal and yadgir are reeling under severe drought due to the failure of both the south-west monsoon and the north-east monsoon.
siddaramaiah said water was being supplied in tankers to 270 villages in these districts.
alternative sources of drinking water were being explored in villages which do not have any water source.
the energy department had been directed to provide uninterrupted power supply to water pumping stations.
the government had released rs 50 lakh for each drinking water task force in assembly constituencies facing drought, the chief minister said.
as many as 70 fodder banks and 11 goshalas had been opened, he added.
he said jurisdictional deputy commissioners would be held responsible for any lapses in drought relief works in their respective districts.
district in-charge secretaries have been directed to visit their districts at least twice every month.
they should interact with the local legislators and take steps to mitigate the sufferings of the people.
they should visit fodder banks and goshalas and ensure there is adequate supply and stock of medicines, he said.
siddaramaiah said district in-charge ministers have been directed to hold regular review of drought relief works in their respective districts.
a cabinet sub-committee on drought would meet in bidar in the next 10 days, the chief minister said.
tearful farewell to r.r. patilsangli (maharashtra), feb 17, 2015 (ians) 16:27 istlakhs of people bade a tearful farewell to former maharashtra deputy chief minister raosaheb ramrao patil in his native anjani village here tuesday.
patil, 57, a former state home minister, passed away monday evening after a battle with oral cancer.
he was tuesday cremated with full state honours, including a 21-gun salute.
the state government earlier declared tuesday as a period of official mourning.
he was the state home minister during the 2008 mumbai terror attack.
r.r.patil is survived by his mother bhagirathi, wife suman, three children -- smita, supriya and rohit.
the three children jointly lit the funeral pyre.
as per patil's desire, there will be no post-funeral ceremonies or events, marking a departure from tradition.
thousands of people lined both sides of the six kilometre route, from the airport to a venue where the body was kept for the final 'audience' by residents.
the solemn atmosphere was awash with cries of 'aaba amar rahe' (long live aaba), with many people beating their chests to express their deep sense of sorrow at the passing away of the leader, locally known as 'aaba'.
the last rites were performed by his teenaged son rohit in an open ground in anjani where patil was born, grew up, harboured his political roots and was later elected six times to the maharashtra legislature.
meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , veteran crusader anna hazare, national congress party (ncp) president sharad pawar and other party leaders like sunil tatkare, ajit pawar, supriya sule, nawab malik, jitendra awhad and dilip walse-patil were present.
senior congress leaders narayan rane, prithviraj chavan, ashok chavan, sushilkumar shinde, patangrao kadam, retired ips officer-turned-politician vikram bokey also attended the funeral.
top bjp leaders like raosaheb danve and several current cabinet ministers, parliamentarians and legislators, and party activists attended the funeral in large numbers.
leaders across the political spectrum paid tributes to patil before the funeral and extended condolences to the bereaved family.
prime minister narendra modi, congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, maharastra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray, republican party of india chief ramdas athawale and other personalities also paid glowing tributes to patil since monday night.
patil breathed his last at lilavati hospital, bandra, where he had been undergoing chemotherapy for the past few weeks and was put on life-support systems early monday.
his body was kept in state at the ncp headquarters in mumbai and taken early tuesday to anjani village in his native sangli district.
an icon for his clean image, besides being easily accessible to the masses and party activists, patil was among the most trusted advisors of ncp president sharad pawar who supported him through thick and thin.
my life is influenced by the late yashwantrao chavan, the late vasantrao patil and my inspiration is sharad pawar.
under his able guidance, i am trying to inculcate fearlessness and faith in people of maharashtra through my police force, patil once said.
patil had started his career as a young politician in his home district and was elected to the sangli zilla parishad from 1979-1990.
since his maiden election on a congress ticket to the assembly in 1990, patil first became an ncp minister in the congress-ncp maharashtra government and was given the important rural development portfolio.
in 2003, patil was given the critical home department following the resignation of the then deputy chief minister chhagan bhujbal.
impressed by his performance, the party bosses elevated him as deputy chief minister the following year, 2004.
however, patil had to quit his post as home minister in 2008 following his off-the-cuff remarks after the 26/11 terror attacks in mumbai.
patil, however, bounced back as the state home minister for a second term in 2009 and continued till the congress-ncp coalition was voted out in the 2014 assembly election.
patil also served twice as ncp state president.
his important decisions as home minister included a ban on the dance bars in mumbai and maharashtra in 2005.
it also included the much-hailed insurance scheme for police personnel in the state and scheme to adopt tribal children to bring them into the social mainstream.
maharashtra's political spectrum has been shaken by the deaths of three young and popular leaders in recent years -- congress' vilasrao deshmukh (2012), bjp's gopinath munde(2014), and r.r.patil this year.
mumbai: feb 23, 2017, dhns: 1:52 istthe bjp has made surprising and significant gains in pune, pimpri-chinchwad, solapur and nashik.
the shiv sena has, however, managed to save its bastion of thane, where it jumped into electoral politics in 1967.
at the time of going to the press, the counting process and compilation by the state election commission was underway.
the other corporations that went to polls were mumbai, thane, ulhasnagar, akola, amravati and nagpur.
as per the latest reports, in thane, the shiv sena won 66 of the 131 seats followed by the ncp (31), bjp (21), congress (3) and others (4).
in pune (148 seats) and the neighbouring industrial and it township of pimpri-chinchwad (128 seats), the bjp emerged victorious by defeating the ncp in the stronghold of its supremo sharad pawar and his nephew ajit pawar.
the bjp won the pune municipal corporation with 89 seats, while the ncp, which held power for over a decade, won 44.
the shiv sena bagged 10 seats, followed by the congress (16) and mns (6).
in pimpri-chinchwad, the bjp surged with 58 seats, while the ruling ncp won 29 seats in the 128-member house.
in ulhasnagar, the bjp grabbed 32 and the shiv sena won 25 of the total 78 seats.
the ncp bagged four, congress 1 and independents and others won 16.
the bjp seat in nagpur remained with the saffron party as it bagged 91 of the 151 seats while the congress won 23.
the ncp bagged one seat at the time of filing this report.
nagpur happens to be the home town of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shipping minister nitin gadkari.
the rss headquarters is also located here.
in nashik, the bjp took control of the civic body by winning 67 seats out of the 112, the shiv sena won 35 while the ruling mns got just three seats.
the congress and ncp fared better with six and five seats respectively.
the bjp was faring well in amravati with wins in 44 out of the 87 seats followed by the congress in 12 seats and shiv sena in seven.
in solapur municipal corporation, a traditional congress bastion from where veteran leader sushilkumar shinde hails, the bjp appeared in a commanding position with leads in 25 out of 102 seats,followed by the shiv sena (10) and the congress in six seats at the time of going to press.
in akola, the bjp was leading in 20 out of the 80 seats, the congress in 10 and the mns in 5, while the others bagged 10 seats.
bjp bows out, sena to govern bmcmumbai, mar 05, 2017, dhns 0:49 istin a surprise political development on saturday that cooled tempers in the 25-year-old saffron alliance in maharashtra, the bjp decided not to contest the mumbai mayoral poll, making way for the shiv sena to occupy the seat of first citizen.
three-time corporator, prof vishwanath mahadeshwar of the shiv sena, is set to become the new mayor of mumbai.
the bjp bowed out after it found itself unable to make a clean sweep and a series of back-channel talks between emissaries of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
on friday night, fadnavis and thackeray spoke over the phone briefly.
the move will ensure that the shiv sena allows the fadnavis-led government to run smoothly.
the shiv sena, in turn, gets to run the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc).
in the 227-member bmc, the shiv sena leads the tally with 84 plus 4 independents, bjp 82 plus support of akhil bharatiya sena, congress (31), ncp (9), mns (7), samajwadi party (6), aimim (2) and independent (1).
we cannot ignore that.
.
.
since no party has got majority, we are not going to do any addition, subtraction.
.
.
we will not compromise on transparency, he said, adding that his party would not contest the mayoral elections.
we are not going to contest for the post of mayor or for that matter deputy mayor.
.
.
on standing committees, both sena and bjp will have 10 members each.
.
.
but we are not going to bid for chairmanship, same holds good for improvements committee, health committee and best chairman.
.
.
in case shiv sena needs support in terms of members, we will support them, he added.
the government also proposes to have a deputy lok ayukta, especially for mumbai, he said.
fadnavis spiked rumours about the stability of his government.
mob fury at mumbai suburban railthane/mumbai, jan 2, 2015, dhns: 0:22 istsnag fallout: nine injured, services disrupted for seven hoursnine railwaymen and police personnel were injured on friday when mumbais eastern suburbs witnessed the fury of rail commuters following disruption of central railway (cr) main line services due to a technical snag.
the protesting passengers took to the streets, staged rail-roko, burnt vehicles and pelted stones.
among those injured in the violence including three cr motormen, one assistant security commandant of the railway protection force (rpf), one rpf head constable and four jawans.
coming on the second day of the new year, the rail services were literally paralysed for close to seven hours.
trouble began at 6:50 am, when the pantograph of a local train from badlapur to chhatrapati shivaji terminus snapped between thakurli and dombivali.
because of this, the ohe power was switched off from 6:50 am to 7:26 am and dn and up locals on fast lines between kalyan and diva were diverted from 7:25 am.
this led to protests at the diva station, which is in thane district.
railway officials claimed that regular announcements were being made  however, commuters said they were rendered helpless.
irked by the long delay, miscreants began pelting stones at 10:40 am, injuring a motorman of k-16 local (kalyan-cst).
two other motormen also sustained injuries.
due to this, railway unions demanded protection for motormen driving locals.
dn local line (cst-kalyan) started at 12:16 pm, up local line (kalyan-cst) at 12:40 pm, up fast line (kalyan-cst) at 12:40 pm and dn fast line at 1:18 pmpolice personnel were also injured while there was damage to property as well.
cr officials said the miscreants had damaged seven atvm machines and three booking counters at diva railway station and level crossing gate boom at diva level crossing.
they had also damaged two booking counters and six atvms at dombivali railway station.
in addition, 10 emu rakes were damaged, the officials said, adding that these were shifted for repairs, because of which suburban services may be affected.
a motorbike and a police van too were damaged.
chief minister devendrafadnavis reviewed the situation and appealed the people to maintain peace.
the chief minister has appealed for peace.
the police is taking all steps to restore peacethere was a mob frenzy, minister of state for home ranjit patil said.
former medical education minister jitendra ahwad demanded a judicial probe into the incident of lathi-charge of commuters.
this is serious, he said, adding that the government was aware of the problems which needed to be solved.
meanwhile, cr general manager sunil kumar sood said railwaymen were making all efforts to ensure restoration of services, but they were unnecessarily targeted.
i dont know what led to the agitationafter two to three days of break, people were coming for work and they might have lost patience.
motormen do the most strenuous job and they have been unnecessarily targeted, he said.
fadnavis meets uddhav, announces memorial to bal thackeraymumbai, nov 17, 2017, (ians): 17:46 istfor the first time in nearly three months, chief minister devendrafadnavis met shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray amidst protests by some sena activists at bal thackeray's memorial here monday.
fadnavis with over half a dozen of his cabinet ministers and several bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders arrived at the thackeray memorial in shivaji park and paid homage to the late sena founder-patriarch.
he laid a wreath at the memorial, paid homage and then walked over to the small marquee where uddhav sat since morning along with his family members.
as uddhav stood up, fadnavis greeted him, warmly shook hands and sat beside him.
theduo - belonging to parties which were allies for 25 years before they split sep 25 - spoke for a few minutes before fadnavis left.
bal thackeray has been an inspiring force for us for years.
his blessings have always been with us.
there cannot be anybody like him ever.
he added that leaders of all political parties, including the sena chief uddhav, would be consulted before the details are finalized by a high-level committee headed by the state chief secretary.
whie the chief minister and his ministerial colleagues paid homage and later met uddhav, some sena activists raised anti-bjp slogans and ranted fadnavis, go back.
they were largely ignored.
indrani critical after suspected suicide bidmumbai, oct 3, 2015, dhns & pti 2:04 isthr consultant-turned-media executive indrani mukerjea has been admitted to the government-run sir j j group of hospitals here on friday in an unconscious state after a suspected suicide attempt, and her condition has been described as serious.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, ordered a probe into the incident late on friday night.
her condition is serious and she is under observation, dr t p lahane, the dean of sir j j group of hospitals and grant medical college, told deccan herald on friday.
indrani, who was in the womens prison in byculla, complained of uneasiness and chest pain, following which the jail doctors examined her and a team from j j hospital, too, went there.
she was admitted in an unconscious state at 2 pm.
at the time of going to the press, she was still in the critical care unit.
iconic marathi poet mangesh padgaonkar passes awaymumbai, dec 30, 2015 (pti) 20:20 isticonic marathi poet and padma bhushan recipient mangesh keshav padgaonkar passed away here today after a brief illness.
86-year-old padgaonkar was cremated at the sion electric crematorium with state honours here this evening.
earlier a guard of honour was also given to padgonakar outside his residence in sion.
prime minister narendra modi described padgaonkar as a doyen of marathi literature.
his poetry and writing influenced many.
saddened by his demise, modi tweeted.
paying tributes to padgaonkar on behalf of people of maharashtra, chief minister devendrafadnavis said he enriched marathi literature.
we have lost a poet who portrayed the stark reality of life and made us fall in love with life, he said.
ncp chief sharad pawar said padgaonkar's style of writing was refreshingly positive and adoringly youthful.
actress madhuri dixit, paid tributes, saying we'd never forget the poem you wrote for me.
in the poem, padgaonkar had described the pangs of not having met madhuri ever in his lifetime.
fadnavis and mns chief raj thackeray were among those who visited the poet's residence to pay their last respects.
born on march 10, 1929 in vengurla, sindhudurg district in maharashtra, he received a master of arts degree in marathi and sanskrit from the university of bombay.
he taught marathi at ruia college for some years, and then during the 19701990 period served as an editor at the us information service, in mumbai.
the us consulate mumbai paid tributes, saying mangesh padgaonkar served at the usis for 20 years from 1970-1990.
he truly exemplifies the us-india dosti spirit.
along with vinda karandikar and vasant bapat, padgaonkar was part of many poetry recitation programmes that were held in maharashtra in 1960s and 1970s.
he has also written lyrics of many marathi film songs.
sung by arun date, his songs ya janmawar, ya jaganyawar shatada prem karawe, bhatukalichya khelamadhali and shukratara mand wara are well known.
sena invokes modi's past over his views on ghulam ali event cancellationmumbai, oct 14, 2015 (pti) 15:16 iststepping up its ante against the government after narendra modi termed as unfortunate the cancellation of ghulam ali's concert in mumbai, the shiv sena today invoked the prime minister's past saying he is known and respected due to godhra and ahmedabad.
sena mp sanjay raut termed as unfortunate modi's views on cancellation of pakistani singer ghulam ali's concert.
modi had in an interview termed as unfortunate the dadri lynching incident and the cancellation of ghulam ali's concert in mumbai, but said his government has nothing to do with them.
if the prime minister has made such a statement (on ghulam ali), it is unfortunate, raut said.
the world knows narendra modi due to godhra and ahmedabad and we respect him for the same reason.
if the same narendra modi has called the controversy surrounding ghulam ali and (former pakistan minister) khurshid kasuri unfortunate, then it is indeed unfortunate for all of us, he said.
raut, however, seconded modi's views on the dadri lynching and said the incident was highly unfortunate and it should not have happened.
pakistani singer ghulam ali's concert in mumbai was last week called off following threats from the sena, despite a snub to it by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis who said adequate protection would be provided to ali and that the concert, organised in memory of late ghazal singer jagjit singh, would be held according to schedule.
the organisers of the event finally announced the cancellation after a meeting with shiv sena president uddhav thackeray.
later, the sena threatened to stall former pakistan foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri's book launch event in mumbai and blackened the face of its organiser sudheendra kulkarni as a mark of protest.
mumbai, aug 6, 2016 (pti) 11:26 istshiv sena today took potshots at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over the mahad tragedy, saying he should stop aerial visits to mishap sites and demanded guardian ministers be barred from flying inside the state to understand its road and bridge conditions.
the sena also said the present government's ambitious 'make in maharashtra' programme should begin with construction of good quality roads and bridges, in the absence of which no foreign nation would be willing to invest there.
instead of indulging in blame game and only conducting meetings to gauge the mahad tragedy, what is needed is to give a serious thought over the issue.
also, if the cm really wants to understand the situation of roads and bridges in the state and conduct a proper audit, he, along with other ministers need to shun planes and helicopters while touring the state, the party said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'saamana'.
district guardian ministers should not be given permission to fly to their respective districts.
let them travel by dilapidated roads and bridges and then conduct an audit.
because, when ministers fear for their lives, audit and repairs, both shall take place, it said.
it further said that if in a progressive state like maharashtra, a large number of people lose their lives in natural calamities, the government needs to change the structure of its 'make in india' and 'make in maharashtra' programme.
start your 'make in maharashtra' programme by fixing old and dilapidated bridges.
unless you construct proper roads, do not expect foreign nations to invest money here, it said.
also, if there was a strong government in the state from the last two years, what did it do to prevent this tragedy, it asked.
eight more bodies were recovered yesterday during search operation in the savitri river, where two state-run buses and some private vehicles were swept away after a british-era bridge collapsed in mahad, taking the toll in the tragedy to 22.
meanwhile, opposition congress slammed the double standards of sena over the mahad tragedy and said before the advising the bjp to fix bridges and roads in the state, it should do so first in mumbai.
sena's corruption in the bmc has resulted in thousands of potholes across the city where people are losing lives.
sure, it can play the role of a big brother by advising the bjp but it should also play the role of a responsible brother and fix roads bridges in the city and not play with the lives of people for monetary gains, congress spokesperson al-nasser zakaria said.
eight bystanders killed as speeding truck overturnssatara, nov 16, 2014 (pti): 20:51 isteight persons were crushed to death when a speeding container truck flipped and landed on a group of people standing at roadside at pargaon-khandala on a national highway in maharashtra's satara district today, police said.
the mishap occurred around 12 noon when the driver of the sugar-laden container truck, on its way to pune from satara, lost control over the vehicle while negotiating a sharp turn after overtaking a state transport (st) bus, said s k shingte, assistant inspector, khandala police station.
the vehicle overturned on its left side before falling on a group of people standing at the roadside waiting for a bus, killing them on the spot, he said.
the deceased included six women, while 15 other bystanders escaped unhurt.
all the eight people were rushed to a nearby hospital but pronounced dead before admission, shingte said.
the mishap affected vehicular traffic on the highway for several hours before police removed the heavy vehicle with the help of a crane.
the driver of the vehicle fled after the accident.
cm devendrafadnavis has expressed shock and grief over the accidental death of 8 persons at pargaon-khandala.
he declared rs 2 lakh as compensation to be paid to kin of the deceased people, an official from the chief minister's office said.
however, no information on compensation to be for the injured was provided by the chief minister's office.
the official added that senior officials of the satara district have been ordered to monitor the help offered to the injured people.
the chief minister has also asked the co-operation minister chandrakant patil to visit the accident site and personally monitor the situation, the official added.
maharashtra to scrap local body taxmumbai, march 18, 2015 (ians) 20:07 istmaharashtra finance minister sudhir mungantiwar on wednesday announced the scrapping of the contentious local body tax (lbt) while presenting in the state assembly a rs.198,000 crore budget for 2015-16 that has a deficit of rs.3,070 crore and a plan size of rs.54,999 crore.
the lbt is scheduled to be scrapped from august 1 and the loss of around rs.6,875 to the civic bodies, barring mumbai, will be compensated by enhancing the value added tax (vat) rate across the state, he said.
presenting a budget with focus on infrastructure, irrigation and tackling the agrarian crises in the state, mungantiwar refrained from imposing any significant tax burden on the people.
however, he announced a premium on the additional floor space index availed by builders for construction purposes.
an allocation of rs.109 crore has been made for the proposed mumbai metro 3 project, which is currently facing stiff opposition from the people likely to be displaced and apprehensions of cutting down many trees in the city.
the minister said the budget was not based on expenditure but was target-oriented and important for tribals, farmers and minorities, poor and downtrodden.
among the major highlights of the proposals are: freeing 223,000 farmers who have availed private loans from moneylenders, completing on priority 38 pending irrigation projects with an allocation of rs.7272 crore, seed bank to preserve seeds traditionally used by the farmers in the state and rs.1,000 crore allocation for water conservation projects to combat drought under jalyukt shivaj yojana.
mungantiwar announced a rs.2,413 crore project to build rural roads in the state, an aadmar adarsh gaon yojana on the lines of prime minister narendra modi's scheme of each mps adopting villages and plans to overhaul the maharashtra state road transport corporation.
for mumbai, an amount of rs.100 crore has been allocated for the grand memorials for chhatrapati shivaji in the arabian sea off the city coast and another for dr. b.r. ambedkar in central mumbai, free wifi at certain places in mumbai under a tourist promotion scheme, a 1000-bed super-speciality hospital to be constructed in the campus of sir j.j. group of hospitals and constructing a war memorial for paramvir chakra winners.
the state will construct 100,000 homes costing rs.884 crore for the poor, an amount of rs.268 crore would be spent on the smart cites project, a skill development scheme named after the late pramod mahajan to come up, a school of planning and architecture in aurangabad, special schemes for minority-dominated towns of bhiwandi, miraj and malegaon.
women earning upto rs.10,000 per month will be exempted from paying profession tax, a five percent tax will be levied on mixed spices, taxes on labbooks, workbooks and graphbooks for students waived off, tax on led bulbs slashed from 12.
5 percent to five percent.
a biometric system of monitoring attendance for students and teachers in government-aided schools has been proposed and a state-evel 'mazi kanya, bhagyashree' on the lines of the centre's 'beti bachao, beti padhao scheme' will be introduced.
chief minister devendrafadnavis welcomed the budget proposals terming them as growth oriented and with many positive schemes for the farming community.
maharashtra congress president ashok chavan criticised the budget for making a shower of empty promises, questioned how the growth rate which stood at 8-10 percent for 15 years came down to 5.
7 percent in the 138 days of the bjp-shiv sena rule.
the fire in a rooftop restaurant in kamala mills in downtown mumbai that left 14 people dead is not the first avoidable tragedy in the nation's financial capital that aspires to be a global financial hub.
nor would it be the last if the record of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) is anything to go by.
just 10 days ago, there was another tragedy when 12 labourers were killed after a fire broke out in a snack shop in saki naka area of mumbai.
in october 2015, eight students at a chinese eatery in kurla locality under bmc died in a fire.
it turned out that the mezzanine floor where they were seated was illegal.
the bmc officials knew about it but did nothing.
in the case of the rooftop restaurant where the fire broke out last thursday, too, the bmc had admitted that the outlet had no licence operate from the terrace, in response to an rti query in may this year.
despite knowing the illegality, the bmc did not act against it.
the main cause of the deaths in the kamala mills fire was that emergency escape routes were kept in a criminally poor condition, with a lot of unregulated construction in complete defiance of safety regulations.
faced with public outrage, the state police and civic authorities have suddenly swung into action.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has ordered that all illegal structures be 'demolished on a war footing'.
five bmc officials have been arrested and the police have registered criminal cases against the owners of the illegal constructions.
deterrent action against those responsible for the deaths should undoubtedly be taken without delay.
else it would go the uphaar way.
the history of delhi's uphaar cinema hall tragedy, when 59 people lost their lives in a stampede after a fire, took their families two decades to get some justice.
this should not be repeated.
an impartial inquiry must also determine a violation of rules and identify the officials who allowed them.
such tragedies should not be treated as instances of mere negligence.
beyond immediate response, what is needed is sustained and systematic enforcement of licensing and safety norms.
otherwise, such tragedies will keep repeating with harrowing regularity not only in mumbai but all across the country.
turning a blind eye to safety regulations is not a phenomenon confined to mumbai.
the national capital and most state capitals fare no better.
the civic bodies need to be taught to have zero tolerance toward violation of safety requirements.
while civic officials must be held accountable, they should also be given adequate powers and resources to discharge their duties.
the nda government wants to make smart cities.
it should make them safer, too.
new delhi, nov 6, 2015, (pti) 11:02 istafter being on the run for the past 27 years, underworld don chhota rajan was deported here early today from indonesia by a joint team headed by cbi officials for facing trial in over 70 cases of murder, extortion and drug smuggling against him in delhi and mumbai.
one of india's most wanted criminals, the 55-year-old gangster, whose real name is rajendra sadashiv nikalje, was whisked away soon after landing at the palam technical area and taken straight to the barricaded cbi headquarters where a team of officials started questioning him.
there was high drama as the cbi anticipating a large media presence used a decoy car to ward them off.
due to security concerns, rajan is unlikely to be taken to a delhi court and instead a magistrate will be brought to the cbi headquarters for his remand, agency sources said, adding that he will also be subjected to the mandatory medical check up.
he is expected to the kept in the national capital where he will also be questioned by sleuths of various investigating agencies on his claims of having further evidence to nail india's most wanted terrorist dawood ibrahim and his links with pakistan's isi.
rajan, who has reportedly tipped indian security agencies about the movement of dawood and his aides, was flown in an indian air force gulfstream-iii aircraft from the indonesian tourist town bali.
official cars with flashing lights accompanied by heavy- armed escort vans were seen leaving the palam technical area at around 5:30 am, as anxious camerapersons and photographers made unsuccessful attempts to get a glimpse of the underworld don, who was in one of those vehicles with tinted glasses.
rajan had told media in bali that he was happy to return to india and had rubbished reports that his arrest was orchestrated as he was facing threat from dawood's men.
ahead of his arrival in india, maharashtra government made a surprise announcement of handing over all the cases related to the underworld don to the cbi as the agency had expertise in handling such cases.
this move comes barely a few days after the state chief minister devendrafadnavis had been making claims that rajan will be brought only to mumbai.
the maharashtra government's sudden u-turn raised many eyebrows within the police establishment in the megalopolis as the chief minister himself had ordered setting up of a special cell inside arthur road prison with arrangement for dialysis.
rajan is on dialysis as his both kidneys have been affected.
rajan, after his arrest, had expressed reservation over plans to lodge him in a mumbai jail, fearing that dawood may target him there.
rajan had told reporters in bali that some in the mumbai police have links with dawood.
the mumbai police has done a lot of 'atyachar' (atrocities) on me, he had alleged.
till the formalities of cbi to take over the maharashtra cases are completed, rajan will be in the custody of special cell of delhi police which has six cases registered against him.
rajan was arrested on the basis of an interpol red corner notice at bali airport on october 25 on his arrival from australia.
his deportation was deferred by a day as the international airport in bali was shut down due to spewing of volcanic ash from a nearby mountain.
immediately after his flight took off, indian ambassador to indonesia gurjit singh tweeted: #chotarajan deported successfully to india.
delay due to bali airport closure ends.
thanks indonesia for support.
rajan is wanted in over 75 crimes ranging from murder, extortion to smuggling and drug trafficking.
mumbai police has nearly 70 cases registered against rajan, including 20 of murder, four cases under the terrorist and disruptive activities (prevention) act, one under prevention of terrorism act and over 20 cases under the stringent maharashtra control of organised crime act.
delhi police has six cases registered against rajan, who was a close aide of fugitive underworld don dawood at one point but parted ways before the 1993 mumbai blasts were conspired.
in 2000, there was an attempt on rajan's life when dawood's men tracked him down to a hotel in bangkok but he managed a dramatic escape by jumping from the first floor of the hotel.
rajan had fled india in 1988 for dubai.
mumbai, jul 20, 2015 (pti) 16:46 istthe maharashtra government today informed the bombay high court that it had stopped the supply of 'chikki' food snack to school students on july 10 following complaints that it was sub-standard.
the court was hearing a pil filed by sandeep ahire seeking an inquiry by a retired high court judge into the alleged rs 206 crore 'chikki' scam.
justice v m kanade, heading a division bench, observed that the government must have a sense of responsibility in matters involving children.
the bench asked the state and other respondents to file a detailed affidavit by august 5.
state women and child development minister pankaja munde has been accused of irregularities in procurement of items worth rs 206 crore, including chikki, a sweet savoury.
it has also been alleged that the chikki, meant to be distributed to tribal students, had traces of clay.
munde had denied the allegations.
during the hearing today, the state said it had stopped the supply of 'chikki' to school students on july 10.
the state's counsel, srihari aney, said that chief minister devendrafadnavis had assured that he would personally look into the matter.
the state food and drugs administration had seized the entire stock meant for supply to anganwadi (ashram residential schools), he said.
the bench said the court had to address two issues -- whether procedure was followed in the purchase of chikki item and if it was fit for consumption.
petitioner's counsel atul damle referred to pune fda's report which said that the chikki stock seized was inedible.
last week, the high court had issued notices to the state government, munde and others in response to the pil which had sought a ban on distribution of chikki procured by the women and child development department.
the petition also demands ban on manufacturing of chikki by three suppliers who had got the contract.
besides munde and the government, other respondents include the chief secretary, the commissioner of integrated child development scheme (icds) and the three chikki manufacturers.
the pil refers to media reports about munde receiving a complaint from ahmednagar zilla parishad about the chikki provided to tribal students under icds.
it also mentions the allegation that munde's department placed orders for chikki, mats, books, dishes, etc, worth in total rs 206 crore, on a single day without e-tendering.
govt accords 'z' category security to anna hazare in view of threats to himmumbai, aug 21, 2015: pti, agencies: 14:05 istmaharashtra government has deciced to accord z-plus security to social activist anna hazare as he has recived a threat letter.
a police complaint has also been filed.
chief minister devendrafadnavis today cleared the proposal put up by the scrutiny committee, which recommends security cover to the person who is under a threat perception.
the letter mentions name of one mahadeo panchal from latur district and was posted from osmanabad, said hazare's aid datta awari.
ten days ago hazare received another threat letter which stated that he would be bumped off if he does not dissociate himself from delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
a case was registered under ipc section 506 (criminal intimidation) at parner police station in ahmednagar district, a police official from parner had said.
the letter was dated august 7 and is mostly written in english, the official said.
the letter warned hazare that he will meet the fate of rationalist narendra dabholkar, who was killed in pune two years back.
the letter also asked the gandhian to stay put in his native ralegan siddhi village, police said.
in what would be politically significant in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha polls, uddhav thackeray would address a huge gathering of party workers on tuesday as the shiv sena turns 52.
the sena chief will spell out the road ahead for the saffron outfit that is part of the bjp-led nda coalition.
to commemorate the occasion, the shiv sena is holding day-long deliberations at the nesco complex at the goregaon western suburbs in which the top leadership of the party and office bearers from all districts would be present.
the meeting comes in the backdrop of the by-elections to the lok sabha seat of palghar where the sena and the bjp contested against each other - despite being partners at the centre and maharashtra - though the latter won by a margin of over 29,000 votes.
thereafter, bjp president amit shah flew to mumbai and along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met uddhav and his son and yuva sena president aditya.
shah and uddhav also had a one-on-one meeting.
what transpired in the meeting is not yet known and neither the sena nor the bjp had spoken about it formally.
the foundation day event has its own significance.
when the party turned 50, on june 19, 2016, from the same venue, uddhav had said it is not possible for him to predict till when the saffron alliance would last and the party must remain prepared to fight polls in its own strength.
later, the sena and the bjp contested the mumbai civic polls against each other.
similarly, when the party turned 51, the backdrop was the nomination of the then bihar governor ram nath kovind for the presidential polls.
sena initially did not agree and floated the names of rss chief mohan bhagwat and agriculture scientist m s swaminathan.
it may be recalled that going against the nda view, sena founder bal thackeray had supported the congress nominees - pratibha patil and pranab mukherjee - in the presidential elections in 2002 and 2012.
while patil got the support on the ground that she was a maharashtrian, mukherjee had personal relations with the thackeray family.
on january 23, 2018, the sixth death anniversary of the sena founder, the party decided that it would go alone in all future polls.
pvt fire marshals deployed at 'make in india' eventmumbai, feb 15, 2016, (pti) 12:07 ista day after fire broke out at a cultural event being held as part of the 'make in india week' here, private fire marshals were today deployed outside the 26 halls where mii programmes are going on at the mmrda grounds here.
union commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, meanwhile, termed yesterday's fire incident as unfortunate.
the mishap was very unfortunate and was handled very well under the able leadership of maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , sitharaman said today at the make in india week at bkc.
the embarrassing fire incident that destroyed the entire stage during a performance made organisers requisition help from magnum fire services, which rushed 26 such marshals to the venue spread across 2.
2 lakh square metres.
we got a call late last night to be here, a fire marshal said at the venue.
the marshal, who did not wish to be named, said they are deployed next to the air-conditioning machinery installed at the halls.
pointing out the potential danger posed by the hall facades made up of ply and the carpets across the venue, the marshal explained that their job is to limit the fire in case of an incident, as the first response.
he said they will be provided specialised axes to snip wires and break glasses, and also use the fire extinguishing ash buckets placed across the venue, in case required.
a massive fire broke out on stage during a cultural programme at a 'make in india week' event at girgaum chowpatty here last night.
several political and film personalities, including chief minister devendrafadnavis , amitabh bachchan and aamir khan, were present at the venue and they were quickly evacuated to a safe area.
the blaze, that started during the 'maharashtra rajni' event when a lavani (dance) performance was underway, was brought under control by 14 fire engines and 10 water tankers.
maha govt is not in favor of reopening dance bars: fadnavisnagpur, dec 23, 2015 (pti) 18:54 iststating that the state government is not in favour of reopening of dance bars, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today told the legislative assembly that his government is framing new set of rules for these establishments.
the 18 new rules for dance bars include disallowance of showering of currency notes on bar dancers and also a cctv cover for every dance bar with the feed available at the police control room would be compulsory.
all the members of the opposition congress and ncp staged a walkout earlier today protesting against the government's failure of waiving farm loan and fadnavis addressed the assembly facing virtually empty benches.
replying to the 'last week resolution', fadanvis said the government was seeking state advocate general's opinion in the issue of dance bars to appeal in the apex court.
in october this year, the supreme court had stayed the operation of 2014 amendment in the maharashtra police act that had banned dance performances at bars and some other places, paving the way for reopening of dance bars across the state.
a new set of 18 rules and regulations are being framed by the state to curb dance shows and also to keep a tight vigil on activities during the dance shows, he said.
the entire show will be filmed on cctv and the nearest police station will be given live feed to check any irregularities.
safe distance has to be maintained by the audience and no showering of currency notes on dancers, he said.
there has been a drop in one year period of bjp-shiv sena government as compared to what it was during the erstwhile congress-ncp rule.
there has been a significant rise in rate of conviction, which is 48 per cent now, whereas the previously it was just nine per cent, he said.
the chief minister admitted that due to enactment of new law after the gangrape and murder case in the national capital, awareness among women on the issue has grown and they are fearlessly coming forward to lodge complaints about sexual abuses.
all police stations were working online and from january 1 and surprise checks would be carried out to ascertain whether it was working as per this decision or not.
talking about on the anti-naxal operation front, he said the state was doing well.
he complimented the c60 battalion of gadchiroli police and crpf for doing excellent work in curbing naxal menace.
the number of fatalities of security persons during operations has also dropped.
only two security personnel were killed in 2015 in the state and as many as 51 hardcore naxals surrendered in the gadchiroli distinct.
the chief minister ridiculed opposition's demand for his resignation.
several leaders from the opposition facing various cases fear that they would be arrested and therefore creating hurdles in the assembly, he said.
mumbai hooch toll 102, cong demands cm's resignationmumbai, jun 22, 2015, (pti) 20:46 istthe toll in mumbai's worst hooch tragedy rose to 102 today with the death of five more victims who consumed spurious liquor in malad area and another 46 are in hospitals with eight of them struggling to survive serious ill-effects of the killer brew.
squarely blaming the bjp-led government for the tragedy, opposition congress asked chief minister devendrafadnavis to step down owning moral responsibility and demanded a cbi inquiry into it.
so far seven persons have been arrested in the case and eight police and four excise officials suspended.
all of those arrested are in police custody.
stepping up the heat, mumbai congress president sanjay nirupam said, excise minister should take responsibility of this tragedy and quit.
since the home department is with the chief minister he should also resign.
lamenting that the state does not have a full-fledged home minister, he said when the death toll is increasing on hourly basis the chief minister was busy doing yoga.
since the onus for the death of over 100 people lay at the chief minister's door step, he should resign, he said.
he said when a similar tragedy happened in vikhroli in 2004, claming over 87 lives, the then congress-ncp government had suspended the local dcp and raided and shut illegal distillaries across mumbai.
after the bjp-led government came to power, the suprious liquor trade had flourished and now there are about 1000 hooch dens, he alleged.
rattled by the tragedy that occurred at the laxmi nagar slum in suburban malwani on wednesday night, excise minister eknath khadse said the government would bring in a harsher law to deal with the menace with provisions to ensure that those arrested for distilling and selling illicit liquor would not get bail for at least for one year after their arrest.
since january this year, 117 raids have been conducted in malad and nearby areas in suburban mumbai.
several people have been arrested.
but, they have been let off on bail of rs 2,000.
the need of the hour is to make stringent laws, he said.
leader of opposition in maharashtra legislative assembly , radhakrishna vikhe-patil, who visited the kin of the victims,demanded resignation of khadse.
the loss of lives is also due to the negligence of the shatabdi hospital run by the municipal corporation, and wanted the hospital authorities and health officer of the ward be booked for homicide.
meanwhile, even four days after the first victim died in the hooch tragedy, the mumbai police is still struggling to nail down the kingpin of the incident.
police produced mamta rathod (30) and agnes gracy alias aunty (50), who were arrested yesterday, in court today and they were remanded in police custody, taking the total number of arrests so far to seven in connection.
police have said that these two women accused were involved in bootlegging.
however, one of the prime suspect mainka bai is on the run.
yes, we have been unable to reach upto the mastermind but the way our investigation progressing, all i can say is that we would soon be able to assemble the missing links into the case, said dhananjay kulkarni, spokesperson of mumbai police.
he said, we are ascertaining where and when the hooch was brewed, when was it transported into mumbai and who are the other accused involved into this business so far.
kulkarni further said that from the beginning of this year, mumbai police has registered 233 cases relating to sale of illicit liquor and most of the cases were traced to the north region only, where this tragedy has taken place.
nirupam further said the people who consumed the spurious liquor could have been saved but for the negligence of the shatabdi hospital.
there is no detoxification facility or dialysis facility at the hospital.
just suspending senior police inspector and excise officials will not do.
deputy commissioner of police of north mumbai should also be sacked.
provisions of maharashtra control of organised crime act (mcoca) should be invoked against them, he said.
he also demanded a thorough probe into how the spurious liquor business had revived in the last few months and said a high level cbi inquiry should be ordered to bust the involvement of inter state and inter district mafia.
sc rejects m'rashtra plea for cctvs in dance barsmarch 03, 2016, new delhi, dhns 0:34 iststate govt wanted live feed to nearest police stationsthe supreme court on wednesday restrained the maharashtra government from installing cctv cameras at dance bars and restaurants with live feed to the nearest police station.
the court rejected the plea that the move would help the administration in curbing illegal activities and harassment of women.
a bench of justices dipak misra and shiva kirti singh, however, allowed the government to set up such cameras at the bar entrance.
the court asked the indian hotel and restaurant association to comply with other conditions, like having three feet railing on the stage and no concealed room, within three days and directed the state government to grant licences for dance bars by march 15.
as additional solicitor general pinky anand pleaded with the court that several restaurant owners agreed to install cctv cameras as these are considered public area under the law, the bench told her, you cant have cctvs, for present now, lets not have live feed to the police station.
it is not a security issue.
we also want law and order.
we have already said the performance should be bereft of obscenity.
the court also said that there would not be any non-removable partition between the restaurant and the permit room area.
the bench, however, allowed the state government to verify criminal antecedents of bar employees.
senior advocate jayant bhushan, appearing for bar owners association, had objected to the condition of examining character of the staff.
with regard to the condition put by the state government that there would not be any concealed or cavity room in the bar, the bench gave its stamp of approval for it but said there should be a room which can be utilised as a green room, as understood in the classical sense.
the court put the matter for further consideration after two weeks, allowing senior advocate rajeev dhawan, appearing for dancers, to file an intervention application.
the bar dancers claimed that they have a right to earn their living, which cant be restricted by imposing public order conditions.
former kerala, bihar governor r s gavai diesnagpur, jul 25, 2015 (pti): 18:04 istr s gavai, veteran dalit leader and former governor of kerala and bihar, died this afternoon after a prolonged illness at a private hospital here.
he was 86 and survived by wife kamal and two sons.
his elder son justice bhushan gavai is a bombay high court judge of nagpur bench and younger son rajendra is leader of republican party of india (gavai faction).
the body was taken to justice gavai's residence in the city and later kept at deekshabhoomi, the historic place where b r ambedkar embraced buddhism in 1956, for the public to pay the last respects, his family said.
the funeral will take place at his native village in daryapur in amravati district tomorrow with state honours.
born on october 30, 1929, ramkrishna suryabhan gavai had also served as chairman of the maharashtra legislative council and was elected to the lok sabha from amravati.
he was member of maharashtra legislative council from 1964 to 1994 and served as deputy chairman of the council from 1968 to 1978 and as chairman from 1978 to 1984.
he was also the leader of opposition in the council from 1986 to 1988.
he was elected to lok sabha from his native amravati constituency in 1998 as a prominent dalit face fielded by the congress-led alliance.
gavai was appointed as the governor of bihar in 2006 and shifted to kerala in 2008, where he served till august 2011.
gavai's nod to the cbi to prosecute cpm leader pinyari vijayan in a graft case had triggered a controversy and his decision had drawn flak from the left, even as congress-led alliance hailed it.
he was the chairman of babasaheb ambedkar smarak samiti, which manages the deekshabhoomi.
he held the post till his end.
a strong votary of dalit unity, gavai had headed the presidium of rpi when other factions of the party offered to come together and installed him as the president.
however, the unity did not last long and various factions led by prakash ambedkar, ramdas athawale, n m kamble and others parted ways.
it is also a great loss to the ambedkar movement since gavai was a father figure for the community, who successfully managed the affairs of deekshabhoomi since the past five decades, he said.
condoling gavai's death, ncp president sharad pawar described him as a leader with progressive ideology.
recalling his close association with the late leader, pawar said they had worked closely as members in maharashtra legislature and parliament.
he always highlighted progressive thoughts and issues of the downtrodden.
gavai left a mark in social and administrative fields.
in his death, maharashtra has lost an able administrator and leader, pawar said.
former maharashtra chief minister and state congress chief ashok chavan and aicc general secretary in-charge of maharashtra mohan prakash also expressed grief over his death stating that congress has lost a secular colleague.
the country has lost a guide.
in the prevailing circumstances, the country needed the guidance of a progressive and secular leader like him, chavan said.
congress leaders radhakrishna vikhe patil and manikrao thakre will attend gavai's funeral in amravati tomorrow.
press trust of india, mumbai, jun 12 2017, 15:25 istrich farmers are likely to be excluded from the loan waiver announced by the bjp-led government in maharashtra, according to a senior minister.
the government will be setting up up a high-level committee for the implementation of the scheme, announced yesterday in the backdrop of the agitation by farmers across the state.
the farmers called off their stir after the government came out with the loan waiver.
the panel will decide on the criteria of debt relief.
state revenue minister chandrakant patil today said the committee is going to be formed because in the previous loan waiver package (2007-08), many rich farmers had benefited.
we have found that the loan waiver scheme introduced previously had benefited the rich farmers largely in maharashtra.
to avoid it, we will set up a high-level committee to omit such rich farmers from the list of beneficiaries.
the mechanism for the same will be worked out with the help of the committee, he said.
patil said this issue was raised at the meeting with farmers' leaders yesterday and they also demanded that the needy farmers should get the benefits first and the government had agreed to this demand.
hence the committee is going to be set up to exclude the rich farmers from the ambit of the scheme, he said.
the state's high-power group of ministers and the steering committee of farmers held a meeting yesterday in mumbai where the issue of loan waiver was discussed and accepted by the government.
it is the victory of farmers' rights that they would get loan waiver at the right time.
the state government is also keen on increasing the purchase price of milk by co-operative societies from farmers.
it will benefit the milk producing farmers and their income would go up, patil said.
meanwhile, raju shetti, lok sabha member and leader of the swabhimani shetkari sanghtana which is an ally of the bjp, said the steering committee had demanded implementation of the loan waiver scheme before the commencement of the monsoon session of the state legislature.
if the government fails to do so, we will again call for an agitation, shetty, whose outfit recently hit the streets, said.
shetti had earlier said if the government failed to fulfil its commitments, his organisation would resume the agitation from july 25.
on june 1, farmers from a village in ahmednagar district went on strike followed by many groups of cultivators in other parts of the state suspended vegetable and milk supply to mumbai.
a lady constable from maharashtra underwent sex-change in mumbai and became a policeman, on friday.
the 29-year-old constable, lalita salve, who is a resident of majalgaon in the beed district of marathwada region, underwent sex-change at the government-run st george hospital in mumbai.
this is the first sex-change operation involving a policewoman while she is in service.
ahead of the surgery, lalita has already started using the name lalit salve.
this is the first stage of the surgery the second stage would be conducted after six months, said dr rajat kapoor, an eminent plastic surgeon.
lalita had petitioned for a sex-reassignment procedure last year and had requested the court to direct the government to bear the expenses and also allow leave.
the surgery started in the morning, and after the procedure, she was shifted to the icu, where she would remain under observation.
it was a complex procedure, according to officials, who wished not to be named.
she was female.
he/she has developed transsexual gender symptom since last 2/3 years ago.
she started getting attracted towards same female genders as against males due to chromosomal y status as found in her genes.
in absence of due medical care from state or department she/he continued to live under serious mental trauma and under social stigma (sic), the pil stated.
the petition also pointed out that she has undergone a psychiatrist test in the sir j j hospital for her/his mental status and sexual problems.
after medical tests, the doctors have found that she is suffering from gender dysphoria-type abnormality (uniqueness) and needed surgery.
the doctors have adviced her to keep a sound mind while undergoing sex reassignment.
a graduate in literature, she had developed transsexual gender symptoms around three years ago and had even taken her seniors into confidence about her agony and plans for a sex-change operation.
lalita had also pointed out article 16 of the constitution that deals with equality of opportunity in matters of public employment.
i don't believe in vip culture: fadnavismumbai, mar 2, 2015 (pti) 10:50 ista day after traffic policemen stalled movement of public vehicles to make way for his convoy, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today expressed regret for the inconvenience caused to people and insisted that he shuns vip culture.
traffic policemen outside the venue of a function at nsci club here stopped vehicles of the public to make way for the cm's convoy yesterday.
members of the club were even denied entry as the cm was present inside the premises.
people in the state have always seen me stopping at traffic signals.
i would make inquiry into the nsci incident.
.
.
.
unless there is an emergency or real threat perception inputs, police shouldn't trouble people, he tweeted.
i don't believe in vip culture, he said.
mumbai top cop out, but to probe sheena casemumbai, sep 09, 2015, dhns 0:52 iston a day full of sudden developments, the maharashtra government first shunted out mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria to the home guards, albeit with promotion, but later clarified that he will continue to supervise the sheena bora murder case.
maria was promoted to the rank of director general of police (dgp) and posted as general of home guards and commandant-general of civil defence replacing ahmed javed, who will now head the mumbai police.
to ensure the smooth transition, the home department had to upgrade the mumbai commissioner of polices post from the rank of additional dgp to dgp-level to accommodate javed.
sheena bora was reportedly killed by her mother and tv tycoon indrani mukerjea, indranis first husband sanjeev khanna and her driver shyamvar rai, three years ago.
sheenas body was burnt and dumped in raigad district.
on tuesday morning, bakshi cited administrative decision for advancing marias promotion by 22 days.
the possible reasons could be because maria was taking keen interest and interrogating the accused in the murder case.
he was also under fire from chief minister devendrafadnavis for meeting former ipl chief lalit modi in london when the erstwhile congress-ncp government was in power.
the order was issued hours after maria grilled peter, indranis second husband and former ceo of star india, at the khar police station on monday night and involved the economic offences wing which is probing the financial trail.
maria welcomed his successor and took charge of his new assignment immediately.
when asked about the reasons for the transfer, additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi said: all investigations are important.
.
.
we cannot stop transfers and promotions for a particular case.
asked whether it has something to do with marias meeting with lalit modi, he said: there is no connection.
.
.
he has given his version and that has been taken on record.
on being asked why the transfer was effected in such haste, bakshi said: it is a well thought out process.
.
.
and the chief minister signed the file before he left for japan.
sena, bjp calm down on govt anniversarymumbai, nov 1, 2015, dhns: 1:25 istthe war of words between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray seemed to subside and an uneasy calm prevailed in the camps of the two saffron alliance partners on saturday, the day the government completed one year.
in fact, fadnavis got annoyed when asked whether the government or police were planning any action against thackeray for incidents like threats that led to cancellations of concert of pakistani ghazal maestro ghulam ali, blackening of face of sudheendra kulkarni, the chairman of observer research foundation-mumbai, for inviting kurshid mahmud kasuri and arm-twisting bcci chief shashank manohar to cancel his meeting with pakistani counterpart shahryar khan, that was to take a call on resumption of cricketing ties for the two asian neighbours.
do you have any proof (that thackeray instigated it)today you took his name, tomorrow you would say narendra modi, fadnavis retorted, dismissing the question.
future plansasked about the government and its fate, he said: today, the government completed one year, its a bjp-shiv sena alliance government.
next year, on the same day, it would complete two years.
asked about thackerays comments, he said: i have not heard.
on the issue of writers returning the awards, the chief minister said: they (writers) are free to criticise the government if something wrong is happening.
they hold a mirror to the society through their writings.
they inspire the society through their writings.
if they return their awards, they achieve nothing.
we appeal to them to take back the awards, the chief minister said.
fadnavis refutes delaying flight, to take legal action on the issuemumbai, jul 2, 2015 (pti); 19:43 istchief minister devendrafadnavis today stuck to his stand that he did not delay the air india flight he took to the us, dubbing the reports in this regard as misleading and said that on returning home he will initiate criminal defamation proceedings in the matter.
enough is enough.
once i m back to india i will initiate proceedings of criminal defamation, fadnavis, on a week-long trip to america to woo investment to the state, tweeted.
however, he did not specify against whom he plans to take legal action.
i reiterate, the reports of me delaying flight are misleading.
in fact when i'd already boarded, how can i say i won't travel without delegation?
said fadnavis on twitter.
if at all any report that has been submitted states that i refused to travel without my delegation then it is a blatant lie, because passengers sitting besides & behind me are witness that i was sitting quietly waiting for departure.
not even once i asked to offload me, the chief minister said.
as per the air india, flight ai191 to newark from mumbai was delayed by 57 minutes partly due to technical/operational reasons, and also the atc.
the alleged incident took place on monday when fadnavis was leaving on a week-long visit to the us along with industries minister subhash desai, chief secretary swadheen kshatriya and principal secretary pravin pardeshi.
as per the media reports, pardeshi was cleared at the check-in, but was held back as the passport he was carrying did not have a valid us visa.
he had a valid us visa on his old passport.
he arranged to bring his old passport after which he was allowed to proceed to the aircraft.
congress has targeted fadnavis over the issue, with former chief minister prithviraj chavan demanding that he apologise if he had caused the delay.
if fadnavis did request for delaying the flight, then he must apologise.
nobody can delay the flight except for safety reasons.
by interfering with the flight procedure, fadnavis inconvenienced the hundreds of passengers on board, chavan, a senior congress leader said, told pti.
if it is proved that fadnavis made a request to air india for delaying the flight, then he is responsible.
action must be taken against him (that officer) for interfering with the airline safety, he added.
nagpur/mumbai: july 31, 2015, dhns 2:21 istyakub abdul razak memon, the lone convict in the 1993 mumbai serial blasts case facing capital punishment, was hanged to death on thursday at the nagpur central jail.
memons last wish of meeting his 21-year-old daughter zubeda could not be fulfilled, but jail authorities arranged for a telephone call with her on wednesday night.
during an emotional meeting with his brother suleiman, he broke down repeatedly.
memon asked his brother to take care of his wife rahin (42) and zubeda.
he also enquired about other family members.
sources, however, said memon was hanged at around 6:35 am.
the police constable who executed 26/11 attack convict ajmal kasab was memons hangman too.
suleiman and his cousin usman later claimed memons body which was flown to mumbai.
the body was taken to the mahim dargah for prayers and then to the al husseini building, the memons residence.
in the evening, memons body was taken to the bada kabrastan on charni road-marine lines and buried.
tight security was in place in mumbai with police commissioner rakesh maria on the streets supervising the arrangements.
after the supreme court, maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao and president pranab mukherjee rejected memons plea, a battery of top lawyers, including prashant bhushan, indira jaising, anand grover and yug chowdhury, again appealed to chief justice of india h l dattu at his residence on wednesday night stating that a death row convict is entitled to 14 days reprieve after rejection of mercy plea.
in an unprecedented move, the chief justice of india constituted a 3-judge bench headed by justice dipak misra, which had earlier in the day upheld the death warrant, to hear the plea.
the doors of the supreme court were thrown open in the early hours on thursday and the hearing was held in court room no 4 at 3:20 am, and at 4:50 am, the plea was rejected.
stay of death warrant would be a travesty of justice.
the plea is dismissed, said justice misra in the brief order, which was communicated to nagpur jail superintendent yogesh desai.
even as jail authorities awaited the outcome, memon was woken up at 3:30 am and once the order came, they started the final preparations.
protesting farmers to hold talks with govtdh news service, mumbai, jun 11 2017, 0:56 istmembers of the steering committee of various farmers' groups arrived in mumbai and held a meeting for several hours on saturday, during which they decided to meet the six-member group of ministers (gom) appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
pti file photofarmers groups of maharashtra have decided to initiate a dialogue with the government to discuss loan waiver and implementation of the m s swaminathan committee recommendations, among others.
the farmers are also demanding fresh loans coinciding with the monsoon.
members of the steering committee of various farmers groups arrived in mumbai and held a meeting for several hours on saturday, during which they decided to meet the six-member group of ministers (gom) appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
on sunday, they will meet the committee  headed by revenue minister chandrakant patil and comprising ministers pandurang pundkar (agriculture); sudhir mungantiwar (finance, planning and forest); subhash deshmukh (co-operation); girish mahajan (water resources)  all from the bjp, and diwakar raote (transport) of the shiv sena.
swabhimani shetkari sangathana leader raju shetti, peasants and workers party chief jayant patil and farmers leader raghunathdada patil announced the decision to attend the meeting following an invitation from the maharashtra government.
the core committee will take a final call on the protests and rail roko, scheduled for june 12 and 13.
as announced earlier, our agitation continues.
.
.
we will go for the meeting and take a call after knowing the governments stand, shetti said.
however, agricultural economist giridhar patil took objection to the decision-making process of the committee and accused it of being politically motivated.
he, along with president of shetkari sanghatana anil ghanvat, boycotted saturdays meeting.
the farmers have formed the steering committee with great trust.
but many of the committee members are politically motivated and acting in their own interest rather than pursuing the interests of the farmers, ramchandra told reporters in nashik.
mrityunjay bose, sangli/mumbai: , june 17, 2015, dhns: 0:43 istwater shortage forces them to renew demandin a significant political development, 42 villages from the jath taluk of sangli district have shot off a letter to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking no-objection certificate for their renewed demand of merger with neighbouring karnataka as they have been reeling under severe water shortage for decades now.
on saturday, under the banner of taluka pani sangharsha samiti (tpss), umadi, the villagers met in jath taluk and discussed the issue of water shortage.
besides fadnavis, they have also initiated correspondence with the karnataka government.
they have also written letters to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and union shipping minister nitin gadkari.
this is not the first time that such a demand has come from this western maharashtra taluk, but this time around, the villagers appear to be firm on their demand.
jath taluk borders belagavi and vijayapura districts of karnataka-and has aspeakinga large kannada-a a kannada-speaking population and is drought-prone.
we have been facing a severe problem.
the government is aware of the issue.
for the last two decades, we have been raising the issue, however, it remains unsolved, tpss president sunil potdar said.
the villagers point out that people in villages in karnataka on the other side of the boundary, just a few km away, are getting water.
there the villagers are getting water, but we are reeling under severe shortage.
womenfolk have to walk several kilometres to get water.
results of united efforts will be visible in a few months, after the monsoon, the chief minister said.
as part of the campaign, the bjp-shiv sena government has undertaken an ambitious task of making 25,000 villages drought-free in five years  5,000 villages every year.
this involves, among other things, construction of cement nullah bunds and plantation of trees to stock water and enhance ground recharge.
vilasrao jagtap, bjp mla from jath, told deccan herald that the government was trying to address the issue.
it is true that a meeting of villagers was held where they have renewed their demand.
for several decades, this issue has been there.
there have been questions on this in the maharashtra legislature, he said.
jagtap said that in the ensuing monsoon session of the vidhan sabha, he would try and fix up a meeting of the villagers with fadnavis and water resources minister girish mahajan.
bjp president amit shah on wednesday called on actress madhuri dixit and briefed her on the achievements of the narendra modi government.
shah, along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and other bjp leaders, met dixit at her residence in suburban mumbai as part of the saffron party's sampark se samarthan (contact for support) campaign.
during the meeting that lasted for around 40 minutes, shah presented a booklet containing the achievements of the bjp-led central government in the last four years to the bollywood icon.
dixit's husband sriram nene, a surgeon, was also present during the meeting.
it was pleasant meeting the noted bollywood actress @madhuridixit and dr. shriram nene as a part of sampark for samarthan initiative at their home in mumbai, maharashtra.
have discussed the achievements and path breaking initiatives of pm @narendramodi govt in last 4 years (sic), shah tweeted.
he did not speak to the reporters who had assembled outside dixit's residence in juhu.
earlier, upon his arrival in the city, shah had a brief meeting with fadnavis, maharashtra bjp president raosaheb danve, education minister vinod tawde and bjp general secretary (organisation) vijay puranik at rangsharda auditorium in suburban bandra.
the bjp president is scheduled to meet legendary singer lata mangeshkar and industrialist ratan tata at their respective residences later in the day as part of the campaign that has been launched by the saffron party in the run-up to the 2019 lok sabha polls.
as part of the mega public drive, 4,000 bjp functionaries will contact one lakh people, who are well known in their respective fields, to spread the word about the nda government's programmes and policies launched since 2014.
shah will himself meet 50 people as part of the campaign, the party had said earlier.
the bjp chief is also scheduled to meet shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in the evening.
meanwhile, today's editorial in sena mouthpiece saamana has made a scathing attack on the bjp's contact for support drive.
launching the campaign, shah had met former army chief dalbir singh suhag and former lok sabha secretary general subhash kashyap on may 29.
he has also met cricket legend kapil dev, former chief justice of india r c lahoti and yoga guru ramdev, who is associated with the patanjali group of companies, as part of the campaign.
shah had earlier said the campaign was aimed at informing the people about various initiatives of the government, which have resulted in raising their living standards.
ncp leader r r patil dies at 57mumbai, feb 17, 2015, dhns 1:49 istsenior nationalist congress party (ncp) leader r r patil, who was maharashtra home minister during the 26/11 terror attacks in mumbai, passed away on monday following multi-organ failure while battling oral cancer.
known as aaba, rr or rr aaba, the 57-year-old, considered close to ncp chief sharad pawar, is survived by wife, two daughters and a son.
a workaholic with a mr clean image, patil was respected by fellow politicians cutting across party lines.
a grassroots leader, the six-time mla had handled portfolios of rural development and home, and also served as deputy chief minister briefly.
he banned dance bars in maharashtra, launching the sant gadgebaba swachata abhiyan and drafting the surrender policy for maoists.
patil was currently an mla from the kavathe mahankal constituency in the sangli district of the state.
he was from the anjani village in tasgaon taluka, where his last rites will be performed on tuesday.
the maharashtra government has declared state mourning and a state funeral.
the body will be kept at rashtrawadi bhavan for people to pay their respects.
patil was ill for the past three months.
he was initially admitted to breach candy hospital for treatment of oral cancer.
after discharge, he suffered a heart attack and was treated at bombay hospital.
he underwent radiotherapy and chemotherapy at nanavati hospital, and was admitted to lilavati hospital for further care.
reacting to his death, sharad pawar said: he was an honest worker and remained connected with the people.
prime minister narendra modi said: my thoughts are with r r patil's family.
i am saddened to know of his demise, which leaves a void in maharashtra politics.
in maharashtra, governor ch vidyasagar rao said: patil personified honesty and simplicity in public life.
patil, who came from a humble background, always maintained contact with the people of the state and his electorates.
chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed shock over his death, saying: we have lost a sensitive leader, a great parliamentarian and a true human being.
patil often courted controversy.
his comment after the 26/11 attacks, that such small incidents keep happening in big cities, invited criticism.
he had to be resign as home minister because of it.
he also faced criticism for banning dance bars.
however, he did not budge from his stand, maintaining that many of them were being used as pick-up joints.
new delhi, nov 6, 2015, (pti): 7:13 istafter being on the run for the past 27 years, underworld don chhota rajan was brought here early this morning from indonesia by a joint team headed by cbi officials for facing trial in various criminal cases registered against him in delhi and mumbai.
the 55-year-old gangster, whose real name is rajendra sadashiv nikalje, will be kept in the national capital where he will be questioned by sleuths of various investigating agencies as he has been making claims of having further evidence to nail india's most wanted terrorist dawood ibrahim and his links with pakistan's snooping agency isi.
immediately after his arrival here in an indian air force gulfstream-iii aircraft from indonesia's bali, rajan, who is considered as a 'friendly don' as he reportedly tipped indian security agencies about the movement of dawood and his aides, was whisked away to an undisclosed location under tight security.
official cars with flashing lights accompanied by heavy- armed escort vans were seen leaving the palam technical area at around 5:30 am, as anxious camerapersons and photographers made unsuccessful attempts to get a glimpse of the underworld don, who was in one of those vehicles with tinted glasses.
rajan had told media in bali that he was happy to return to his motherland and had rubbished reports that his arrest was orchestrated as he was facing threat from dawood's men.
ahead of his arrival in india, maharashtra government made a surprise announcement of handing over all the cases related to the underworld don to the cbi as the agency had expertise in handling such cases.
this move comes barely a few days after the state chief minister devendrafadnavis had been making claims that rajan will be brought only to mumbai.
the maharashtra government's sudden u-turn raised many eyebrows within the police establishment in the megalopolis as the chief minister himself had ordered for creation of a special cell inside aurthur road prison with medial arrangement of dialysis being made.
rajan is on dialysis as his both kidneys are not working.
rajan, after his arrest, had expressed reservation over plans to lodge him in a mumbai jail, fearing that his arch- rival and india's most wanted terrorist dawood ibrahim may target him there.
till the formalities of cbi to take over the maharashtra cases are completed, rajan will be in the custody of special cell of delhi police which has six cases registered against him.
interestingly, cbi had told the bombay high court, while hearing petitions filed by the family members of murdered rationalist narendra dabholkar, that it was severely understaffed and required officers from the maharashtra police to assist it in the probe.
rajan was arrested on the basis of an interpol red corner notice at bali airport on october 25 after he had arrived in the island city of indonesia from australia.
india was keen that the deportation takes place at the earliest and had put in a request to indonesian authorities immediately after his arrest, sources said.
however, his deportation was deferred by a day as the international airport in bali was shut down due to spewing of volcanic ash from a nearby mountain.
immediately after his flight took off, indian ambassador to indonesia gurjit singh tweeted: #chotarajan deported successfully to india.
delay due to bali airport closure ends.
thanks indonesia for support.
rajan is wanted in over 75 crimes ranging from murder, extortion to smuggling and drug trafficking.
mumbai police has nearly 70 cases registered against rajan, including 20 of murder, four cases under the terrorist and disruptive activities (prevention) act, one under prevention of terrorism act and over 20 cases under the stringent maharashtra control of organised crime act.
delhi police has six cases registered against rajan, who was a close aide of fugitive underworld don dawood at one point but split before the 1993 mumbai blasts were conspired.
in 2000, there was an attempt on rajan's life when dawood's men tracked him down to a hotel in bangkok but he managed a dramatic escape by jumping from the first floor of the hotel.
rajan had fled india in 1988 for dubai.
fresh face fadnavis has task cut outmumbai, oct 29, 2014, dhns: 1:13 istlacks ministerial experience, but has management skillsmaharashtra chief minister-designate devendrafadnavis has several big tasks in hand even as the bharatiya janata partys (bjp) latest poster boy is all set to take charge.
fadnavis needs to revive the states sagging economy, control mounting debts which has crossed rs 3 lakh crore, boost big-ticket infrastructure projects, probe series of scams including the rs 70,000 crore irrigation scam and think of a possible re-investigation of the sensational adarsh scandal.
one of the key aspect would be to deal with the vidarbha statehood issue, of which he is a votary.
but now being in the drivers seat, he would have to do a balancing act.
besides, he would also have to check whether all the files that had been destroyed in the fire in mantralaya has been reconstructed or not and he must tackle law and order include controlling street crime and atrocities against dalits.
he would also have to ensure that investments come to maharashtra.
at the same time, he would have a challenging task of discussing issues with ministers who are senior to him in party and in politics.
the four-time mla does not have any ministerial experience, but he is gifted with a sharp brain and excellent learning skills.
he holds a law degree from nagpur university, a post graduate degree in business management and a diploma in methods and techniques of project management from dse, berlin.
his legislative experience is excellent, his contacts cut across party lines, he has good relations with ias and ips officers.
he is always keen to learn and is gifted with an elephantine memory.
in the last decade, he has exposed several scams of the democratic front government and knows how different departments work.
during the discussion of highly-technical subjects like budget and irrigation, he has displayed his skills.
he would take these as a challenge and come out successful, a senior bjp leader said.
some of the big projects before hand are the mono rail in mumbai and thane, metro rail in mumbai, thane, nagpur and pune, mihan airport in nagpur, mumbai-nhava sheva trans-harbour link, coastal roads, highways and so on.
he would also have to ensure that load-shedding in the state stops completely and for this power generation has to be enhanced significantly.
development and infrastructure are the key mantras of prime minister narendra modi and this team.
he (fadnavis) needs to address these issues as early as possible.
the key priority is to kickstart all the pending projects, a senior bureaucrat said, adding that agriculture, health and social social sector too needs to be given a boost.
a senior political analyst said that maharashtra has been facing vagaries of nature  like drought, excessive rainfall, hailstorm.
this directly affects the economy, he said.
m'rashtra to hasten cow slaughter banmumbai, jan 24, 2015, dhns: 2:36 istthe state government has speeded up the process to get presidential assent to the maharashtra animal preservation (amendment) bill, 1995, which aims to ban cow slaughter.
recently in kolhapur, chief minister devendrafadnavis had pitched for the law.
senior cabinet colleaguesrevenue minister eknath khadse and finance minister sudhir mungantiwarbesides others are in favour of reviving the bill and seeking the presidents assent.
it is a very important issue and hence we are requesting for granting of ascent, an official in the chief ministers office told deccan herald on thursday.
the bill was passed in 1995 when the shiv sena-bjp government came to power.
shiv senas manohar joshi was the chief minister and bjp leader late gopinath munde was the deputy chief minister.
now that the bjp-shiv sena government is back in power, they are keen on bringing the law.
mahesh phatak, secretary, animal husbandry and fisheries department, in a letter dated november 13 has informed the centre that the new government in the state wanted to follow up on the bill and wants it to be enacted.
a few days ago, the ministry of home affairs wanted to know if the government was interested in pursuing the bill, passed way back in 1995 by the legislature.
senior bjp leaders said that the previous governmentthe congress-ncp democratic fronthas not followed it up.
bjp taunts sena on backing sanjay dutt, hosting javed miandadmumbai, oct 14, 2015, (pti): 21:17 istthe war of words between shiv sena and bjp today intensified with the latter questioning the ally's support to actor sanjay dutt in 1993 mumbai serial blasts case and late bal thackeray hosting former pakistan cricketer javed miandad at his residence.
what sort of nationalism was displayed while backing 1993 blasts accused actor sanjay dutt, bjp mumbai unit president ashish shelar said, alluding to late bal thackeray's support to the actor.
those casting aspersions on our patriotism should do well to remember who hosted javed miandad at matoshree (the thackeray family residence in suburban bandra), shelar said.
the public understands this politics of opportunism, of convenient nationalism, he said.
those who want to teach nationalism and patriotism to our chief minister devendrafadnavis should remember that the national tricolour was not unfurled atop their party office (sena bhavan).
when he was young, fadnavis dared to unfurl the tricolour in srinagar.
those sitting and writing in ac cabins should not indulge in teaching fadnavis, shelar said, in a veiled attack on sena mp and saamana executive editor sanjay raut, who has been most vocal in attacking bjp over the visit of former pakistan minister khurshid mahmud kasuri here.
shiv sena should not teach patriotism to bjp.
our leaders have struggled for kashmir, he said.
shelar said yuva sena leader aaditya thackeray had attended rahat fateh ali khan's musical concert.
relations between the two oldest saffron allies came under renewed strain when shiv sainiks blackened the face of sudheendra kulkarni, a former bjp strategist and organiser of kasuri's book launch event on monday.
fadnavis had voiced serious displeasure over the incident and said the state would not be allowed to be reduced to a banana republic.
fadvanis's condemnation of the incident and heightened security at the function where kasuri's book was launched on monday evening had drawn strong reactions from raut who said the chief minister doesn't understand maharashtra and is insulting the martyrs.
the sena had also threatened to disrupt the event.
mahajan also later clarified that he carries the weapon for self-defence and that he has not been involved in any kind of violence.
the issue of water resources minister mahajan carrying a revolver, which was very much visible, at an event on saturday for deaf and mute children in jalgaon city was raised in both the houses of state legislature here today.
in the assembly, the opposition congress and ncp demanded sacking of the minister for attending a function of differently-abled children with a revolver tucked in his waist as it sent a wrong message in the society.
the opposition members boycotted the question hour in protest.
mahajan has a licence to carry weapon for last two decades.
licence holder is expected to carry the weapon and not keep it at home, he said.
however, he agreed that the weapon was visible while the minister attended a function and necessary directives would be given to him in this regard.
he is carrying it with him from the last 25 years.
a licence is given only when a person needs to keep a revolver for his safety.
he has not broken any law by carrying a revolver.
the chief minister was replying to sunil tatkare (ncp), who took a jibe at mahajan and questioned the need to carry a revolver at the children's event.
meanwhile, mahajan later said that his revolver is merely for self-defence and that he has not been involved in any kind of violence before.
i admit that the revolver was visible.
but never have i pointed a revolver, or gotten involved in violence of any kind in my life.
the revolver is merely for self-defence, the minister told reporters here.
mumbai, apr 19, 2015 (pti) 10:08 istamidst protests by its ally shiv sena against setting up a nuclear power project in jaitapur, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said that the project has now reached a stage from where there is no option of going back.
the previous government had started this (jaitapur nuclear power) project and brought it to a certain level.
it is now at a stage where one cannot go back.
you cannot indulge in national waste.
the shiv sena has long been opposing the jaitapur nuclear project.
the bjp feels that india requires nuclear power and when the pm does something, he does it for the country's benefit.
the project was among the 17 pacts signed between the two countries during prime minister narendra modi's visit to paris.
shiv sena mp sanjay raut had said that the maharashtra government should take into consideration farmers' concerns about the jaitapur nuclear power project and that his party would support the people protesting against the project.
the jaitapur project, where the french company areva is setting up six nuclear reactors with a total power generation capacity of about 10,000 mw, has been stuck for long due to differences over the cost of electricity to be generated.
jaitapur has also witnessed massive protests over the setting up of the nuclear power plant.
maharashtra to move sc over maratha, muslim quotamumbai, nov 15, 2014, ians: 17:39 istworried by the political fall-out of the bombay high court injunction on reservations for marathas and muslims, the maharashtra government plans to move the supreme court, officials said here saturday.
the decision came during an all-party meeting convened by chief minister devendrafadnavis on the issue saturday morning.
the government has decided to form a high-level committee of legal experts to study the issue, besides another committee with representatives of all political parties.
senior congress leader and former minister naseem khan said the state government would appeal in the supreme court against the high court order within the next few days.
the bombay high court friday granted an injunction on maharashtra government's decision to provide education and job reservations to marathas and employment quotas to the muslim community.
the erstwhile congress-ncp government had granted 16 percent quota for the maratha community and five percent for the muslim community vide an ordinance july 9 this year and this had been approved just prior to the assembly polls.
admitting a bunch of eight public interest litigation by individuals and groups challenging the reservations, a division bench comprising chief justice mohit shah and justice m.s. sonak said the supreme court had laid down that reservations cannot exceed 50 percent of the total seats.
lawyer ashish mehta, who represents one of petitioners, said since the next hearing is jan 5 and the ordinance will lapse by jan 8, the government is likely to appeal in the supreme court within the next three weeks.
mumbai, july 29, 2015 (pti) 17:43 istmaharashtra governor c vidyasagar rao today rejected the mercy petition of 1993 mumbai serial blasts convict yakub memon, dashing the last hope he might have had of escaping the gallows.
memon's plea has been rejected, government sources said.
the governor's decision on the petition, submitted by memon on july 21 within hours of the supreme court rejecting his curative petition, came immediately after the apex court dismissed his plea seeking stay on his execution slated for tomorrow.
a tda court had in april this year set july 30 as the date for hanging memon at the nagpur central prison, where he is lodged.
yesterday, the supreme court set up a three-judge bench to decide yakub's fate after a two-judge bench was split on his plea seeking a stay on his execution.
on march 12, 1993, 12 coordinated blasts had rocked bombay, as the city was then known, leaving 257 dead and over 700 injured.
meanwhile, maharashtra dgp sanjeev dayal and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria met chief minister devendrafadnavis at vidhan bhavan here soon after governor c vidyasagar rao rejected memon's mercy plea.
however, both dayal and maria declined to comment on what transpired at the meeting.
when asked if yakub's body will be brought to mumbai for burial after his hanging, maria offered no comments.
central team on cauvery has understood gravity of situation: cmoctober 10, 2016, mangaluru, dhns 0:58 ist'no move to take over mahabaleshwara temple at gokarna'chief minister siddaramaiah on sunday said he believes that the central team that visited the cauvery basin areas has understood the gravity of the situation in karnataka.
he expressed confidence that karnataka would get justice with regard to the cauvery issue after the expert committee submits its report to the supreme court.
speaking to reporters here at the mangalore international airport, siddaramaiah said, we have appraised the team of the severe water shortage in the states cauvery basin.
the team visited various reservoirs and areas to assess ground realities, including crop losses and drinking water requirement in the cauvery region.
hopefully, the supreme court will take into consideration our point of view during the hearing on october 18, he stated.
to a query on the mahadayi water dispute, he said he will attend the meeting convened by maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to sort out the issue.
siddaramaiah said that after the mahadayi water disputes tribunal had asked the states concerned to resolve the dispute amicably, he had written to his goa and maharashtra counterparts as well as prime minister narendra modi, offering to host the first round of discussions.
on yettinaholeasked whether the state government will go ahead with the proposed yettinahole project in the wake of a recent report by the indian institute of science that not more than nine tmcft of water was available, siddaramaiah said experts have told the government that more than 24 tmcft of water was available.
in any case, the project will not affect dakshina kannada district.
a meeting on yettinahole projet would be convened shortly.
he promised to consider the proposal by the elected representatives to implement the paschimavahini scheme, aimed at constructing a series of check dams across the rivers in dakshina kannada and udupi districts.
gokarna templethe chief minister clarified that there is no proposal before the state government either to appoint an administrator to sri ramachandrapura mutt or take over the mahabaleshwara temple at gokarna in uttara kannada district.
the confusion was because of a pil in the high court.
the court had sought to know the governments stand on it.
the advocate general will submit in the court, the governments stand on the ramachandrapura mutt and the gokarna temple, he added.
to a query on his younger son dr yathindra, siddaramaiah said he had just introduced him to the electorate of his constituency.
is it an offence to introduce my son to the electorate?
earlier, my elder son rakesh was looking after my constituency and now dr yathindra is shouldering the responsibility.
he denied the charges that dr yathindra was holding meetings with officials and said, how can he conduct an official meeting.
he is knowledgeable.
siddaramaiah said the state budget will not be advanced unlike the union budget and, presented in march.
amid the war of words between maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in the wake of twin bypolls, union shipping minister nitin gadkari said that the alliance is on the principles of hindutva and it must continue.
there may be differences, but the shiv sena and the bjp cannot live without each other, the senior bjp leader said.
gadkari said that the alliance was made firm by the late shiv sena supremo balasaheb thackeray and late bjp leader pramod mahajan.
they were together on the issue of hindutva and there was no ideological differences, he said, adding, in politics, there are no permanent friends or enemies.
speaking about former president pranab mukherjee's acceptance to attend an rss function, the union minister said, the rss is an organisation of nationalists and not the isi of pakistan.
he said that it is a healthy start and political untouchability is not good.
activists seek cm's intervention in shani temple rowmumbai, jan 27, 2016, dhns: 0:58 ista day after protests over non-entry of women to the sanctum sanctorum of shani temple in ahmednagar, agitators met chief minister devendrafadnavis and urged him to reverse the restriction.
however, solution to the issue looks unlikely as the tradition at shani shingnapur, where a five-and-a-half feet swayambu black rock signifying shani is installed on an open platform, dates back five centuries.
the shri shanaishwar devasthan shani shingnapur-newasa that runs the temple as well as people of the town are opposed to breaking the tradition.
the campaign gained momentum in november when a woman was caught on cctv while crossing the security barricade into the chauthara or platform where the idol was installed.
a day later, villagers performed a dudh-abhishekan at the sanctum to purify the deity.
a 40-year-old housewife anita shetye, who became the temple trusts chairperson on january 11, vowed to maintain the tradition.
the chief minister said he supports us, trupti desai of the bhumata rangranai brigade that spearheads the agitation said.
women seers to perform separate flag hoisting at nashik kumbhnashik, jul 22, 2015 (pti) 14:27 istaggrieved at being ignored by the akhada parishad during the ongoing kumbh mela here, sadhvi trikal bhavanta, the mahant of all-women pari akhada, has decided to perform a separate flag-hoisting on august 18.
we have decided to perform a separate 'dhwaja rohan' on august 18, a day before the flag-hoisting ceremony of akhada parishad, sadhvi bhavanta told reporters here before leaving for mumbai to hand over an invitation to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for the event.
meanwhile, preparations are on in full swing for the flag-hoisting ceremony of the akhil bhartiya akhada parishad, a mega religious congregation at sadhu gram on august 19, prior to the first 'shahi snan' on august 29.
the woman seer, who hails from allahabad, had earlier alleged that gyandas maharaj, the president of akhil bhartiya akhada parishad, misbehaved with her during the flag hoisting ceremony organised by purohit sangh to mark the beginning of kumbh mela here on july 14.
gyandas maharaj had denied the charge.
the ceremony was attended by cm fadnavis among others.
she had also demanded for separate plots to house women seers of her akhada (a group of sadhus who are members of a particular sect).
later, the district administration fulfilled bhavanta's demand for separate plots for herself and her thousands of followers who have arrived here for the mega religious congregation.
the sadhvi had also demanded a separate bathing ghat for women seers, preferably near holy ramkunda, on 'shahi snan' (royal bath) days (august 29, september 13 and 18) in nashik.
sadhvi bhavanta is leader of pari akhada, an all-woman group that came into existence in allahabad early last year.
fadnavis ministry expansion on dec 5, shiv sena may step inmumbai, dec 3, 2014 (pti) 18:00 istthe 33-day-old devendrafadnavis ministry in maharashtra will be expanded on december 5, amid indications of a patch up with former ally shiv sena.
around 20 ministers are likely to take oath at the ceremony, and almost half of them are expected to be those from sena.
the ceremony will be held at vidhan bhawan premises at 10 am.
fadnavis had met bjp president amit shah in new delhi yesterday and is believed to have got the nod for bjp probables in the expansion exercise.
among those in reckoning from bjp include senior legislators girish bapat (pune) and girish mahajan (jalgaon) and also babanrao lonikar and sambhaji patil nilangekar, both from marathwada.
the names of sanjay kute and chainsukh sancheti (both from buldhana), seema hire and devyani farande (both nashik), jaykumar rawal (dhule), govardhan sharma (akola), madan yerawar (yeotmal) and ram shinde are doing rounds.
from mumbai, there is speculation over inclusion of mangal prabhat lodha, the malabar hill mla, and raj purohit, who represents colaba, and ashish shelar, the bandra mla, who is also city bjp chief.
presently, there are eight cabinet rank and two ministers of state in the ministry.
mumbai, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 13:13 istcongress workers held a protest this morning outside the residence of maharashtra education minister vinod tawde as the party stepped up its attack on him in the educational degree row.
nearly 300 congress workers, led by former mla ashok jadhav and office-bearers of the party's mumbai unit, gathered outside the bjp leader's residence in suburban vile parle and raised slogans demanding his resignation in a demonstration that continued for about an hour.
there was heavy security bandobast by local police in the area even as the congress's city unit president sanjay nirupam had yesterday led a 'tawde hatao' agitation.
leader of opposition in the state assembly, radhakrishna vikhe patil, had said that congress would stall monsoon session proceedings if no action was taken against tawde.
however, chief minister devendrafadnavis has defended tawde, calling the controversy a non-issue.
there is no question of any action against him (tawde).
after a news channel reported that tawde's be electronics degree was 'bogus', tawde on monday clarified that he was a student of pune's dnyaneshwar vidyapeeth between 1980 to 1984, but was enrolled in a course which was not recognised by the government.
other than this course, i have studied up to 12th class and i have never hidden that.
even in my poll affidavit, i have mentioned all aspects of my education, tawde had said.
had i mentioned that i did a course from mumbai university, pune university or shivaji university, that would have amounted to cheating.
but i did no such thing, the minister said.
mumbai, dec 5, 2014, (pti): 12:30 istncp chief and former union minister sharad pawar underwent a surgery at a private hospital here today after he sustained a leg injury from a fall at his delhi residence three days ago.
pawar, 73, underwent a surgery at the breach candy hospital this morning, ncp spokesperson nawab malik told pti.
pawar sustained leg fracture after a fall at his delhi residence.
doctors will perform a minor surgery and mend the injury point on his leg, senior ncp leader praful patel had said.
he will be required to be in the hospital for seven-eight days, patel had said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and senior minister vinod tawde were among those who visited the hospital on tuesday to enquire about pawar's health.
mumbai, oct 3, 2015, pti: 17:53 istformer media magnate indrani mukerjea, prime accused in the sensational sheena bora murder case, is still critical with the next 48 hours going to be crucial for her survival, according to jj hospital, where she was rushed yesterday from byculla prison with suspected drug overdose.
the next 48 hours will be critical for her, j j hospital dean dr t p lahane told reporters today when asked if she is out of danger.
we can not say that indrani is out of danger before the next 48 hours.
72 hours are very critical out of which 24 hours have already passed.
we will be able to say only after 48 hours whether her condition has improved or not, lahane said.
he said she is in a deep sleep right now but her blood pressure and pulse levels are normal.
she is not on ventilator support but we are providing her with oxygen because she is not able to breath automatically, he said.
we did not find the drug in the gastric test.
if the drug must have dissolved in the body we will come to know when we get the urine and blood sample report by tomorrow evening, he said.
asked if any report has emerged that she had attempted suicide in the prison yesterday where she was lodged under judicial remand, he said we can not say anything about that for now.
wife of media baron peter mukerjea, indrani was arrested by khar police on august 25 for her alleged role in the murder of sheena, her daughter from an earlier marriage, in 2012.
sheena, 24, was allegedly kidnapped from outside national college in bandra and strangled to death in a car by indrani, her former husband sanjeev khanna and driver shyamvar rai.
meanwhile, as ordered by chief minister devendrafadnavis yesterday, ig (prison) began a probe, covering all angles, including possible lapses on the part of jail authorities and medical staff there.
indrani's lawyer also moved a local court seeking permission to meet her in the hospital and court sought a re-report on her health condition.
no more guard of honour for maharashtra minstersmumbai, apr 18, 2015 (pti) 11:44 istthe maharashtra government has decided to discontinue the colonial-era practice of according police guard of honour to ministers and top officials during their district-level visits, terming it a waste of time and resources.
the directive will also apply to all ministers and senior state officials, a senior official said.
fadnavis had recently asked for cuts in security provided to vvips in order to ensure that more personnel were made available for active policing.
the guard of honour for a visiting vvip is a tradition handed down by the british.
the honour was reserved then for governor generals and viceroys.
currently, the chief minister, his cabinet colleagues, all junior ministers, and even senior state officials are accorded the honour, putting strain on the staff-crunched state police force.
soon after being sworn in as the chief minister on october 31 last year, fadnavis had spoken of discouraging the 'vip culture' in the state.
sena threatens to pull out, bjp calls it 'nautanki'thane, oct 30, 2015 (pti) 19:32 istbjp-shiv sena ties today hit a new low with uddhav thackeray threatening to pull out of nda if bjp continues with its arrogance even as one of his party ministers in maharashtra government offered to quit, but it was dismissed as drama by chief minister devendra fadnavis.
sena minister eknath shinde, who holds public undertaking portfolio, made the offer to resign at a civic poll rally in kalyan after the sena chief lashed out at fadnavis.
thackeray warned that if the bjp continues its arrogance sena will not hesitate to pull out of the alliance.
as soon as thackeray finished his speech, shinde rushed to his leader who was present on the stage saying that he was quitting as he could no longer suffer the humiliation being meted out to sena cadres by bjp which was misusing official machinery.
thackeray, however, rejected the offer saying he would not allow shinde alone to leave the ministry and if necessary the party will take a collective decision.
reacting to shinde's open offer to quit his cabinet, fadnavis, who was also campaigning for his party in a nearby area, dubbed it as drama.
we have seen on television a cabinet minister making allegations and offering resignation.
the bjp-sena slanging match has become shriller after the two parties decided to contest separately the polls to kalyan dombivili municipal corporation, going to vote on november 1.
taking a cue from his leader, shinde made an emotional speech saying he could no longer tolerate the humiliation being heaped upon sena workers and he was submitting his resignation.
he then walked upto thackery and submitted his resignation and urged him to accept it.
shinde said he rose from the party ranks and cannot tolerate his sena cadres suffer.
i agree with the views of shinde and would like to warn the chief minister that enough is enough and we are losing our patience on the misuse of government machinery at every stage.
they (bjp) clearly see their defeat and hence make use of all kinds of methods to crush us, thackeray said.
let there be a fight over principles and on the basis of the work done but this kind of misuse of power will not be tolerated at any cost, he said.
thackeray then said he will not accept the resignation of shinde alone.
he asked the sena workers to be alert in the next two days till the the civic polls end.
maha scraps development plan, asks mcgm to prepare fresh onemumbai, apr 21, 2015, (pti) 14:42 istmaharashtra government today scrapped the controversial development plan (dp) 2034, which had come under attack from heritage buffs and conservators.
chief minister devendrafadnavis directed municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) to prepare a fresh plan within four months in place of the earlier one which drew criticism from various quarters that it has been ridden with flaws and showed little concern for the heritage structures of the city dating back to colonial days.
the dp in its present form was not acceptable due to the mistakes that were seen in it, he said.
the mcgm's proposed dp 2034 has sparked sharp responses from citizens and activists opposing the plan in its present format with the civic body, also known as bmc, calling for suggestions, feedbacks and objections from stakeholders.
the cabinet has decided to accept the recommendation of the committee to ask the bmc to prepare a fresh dp in four months by rectifying all mistakes in the present one and republish it in four months.
after the dp is prepared, bmc has also been directed to seek suggestions and objections, he said.
heritage enthusiasts welcomed the government decision calling it a welcome step which will help preservation of heritage structures.
allow event to mark killing of afzal khan: sena to bjp govtmumbai, nov 11, 2014, (pti) 19:24 istgetting into opposition's role in maharashtra, shiv sena today asked the bjp government in the state to allow a grand celebration to mark the killing of mughal commander afzal khan by shivaji maharaj, an important chapter in maratha history.
an annual function to mark the event at pratapgad fort in satara district, the place where the slaying took place in 17th century, had been stopped since 2004, but sena wants it to be revived and held at a mega level.
the shiv pratap din (as the day is called) was celebrated every year at pratapgad since 1996 by pratapgad utsav samiti to mark shivaji's bravery in killing afzal khan, senior sena leader diwakar raote told reporters at vidhan bhawan.
the celebrations were called off in 2004 after the congress-ncp government imposed restrictions around the fort following an agitation by vhp against presence of khan's grave at pratapgad, he said.
now that a bjp government, which invoked shivaji maharaj during poll campaign, has come to power, albeit not with a full majority, it becomes their duty to allow a grand celebration, being planned on november 28, to mark the event, raote said.
we have asked the government to allow the shiv pratap din celebrations on scale prior to 2004, samiti working president milind ekbote said today.
ekbote also said the samiti has written to chief minister devendrafadnavis , inviting him to attend a function to honour sambhaji bhide guruji, a former rss activist, with the veer jeeva mahale award.
bhide is founder-president of shiv pratishthan hindustan, an outfit with sizable following in sangli, satara and kolhapur districts of western maharashtra.
at an election rally in tasgaon, sangli district last month, prime minister narendra modi had referred to the hindutva activist as one of his inspirations.
during the assembly poll campaign, sena chief uddhav thackeray had made a reference to afzal khan, the general of bijapur's adil shahi dynasty, and his army's assault on shivaji's dominion, to hit out at bjp after the two parties parted ways.
cong steps up attack on maria for meetingmumbai, june 24, 2015, dhns: 1:24 istmaharashtra government is yet to make up its mind on mumbai top cop rakesh maria following revelations that he met former ipl commissioner lalit modi in june 2014 without the state governments knowledge.
maria, a 1981 batch ips officer, met chief minister devendrafadnavis on monday night and presented his side of the case.
the chief minister said the concerned file is yet to reach him.
the file is yet to come to me, he told reporters at vidhan bhavan.
it is with additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi.
.
.
the government must consider conduct rules, confidentiality, breaking of secrecy pact, propriety, vested interests and favouritism if any.
the decision (on marias future) will be on merits, cmo officials said.
congress, however, has stepped up its attack of maria with former chief minister prithviraj chavan saying he was not aware of the june 2014 meeting between maria and modi.
i was unaware of the meeting, chavan said.
i was not briefed.
such trips are cleared at the level of the home minister.
after a photograph of him and modi surfaced on saturday, maria released a statement admitting that he met the former ipl chief at the instance of a lawyer when he was in london to attend a conference and had informed former home minister late r r patil on his return.
this is serious issue.
the police chief meets lalit modi and the government is not aware of it, leader of opposition in state assembly balasaheb vikhe-patil said.
he is a senior officer and he must quit immediately.
if he does not, the government must suspend him, patil said, condemning maria for taking r r patils name as the nationalist congress party leader is no more.
the leader of opposition also claimed that the then additional chief secretary (home) amitabh rajan was unaware of the meeting.
he should have first informed his immediate administrative boss, the additional chief secretary (home).
he is a senior officer and he should know the rules, patil said.
end of an era: iconic rhythm house to shut shop in 2016mumbai, , nov 26, 2015, dhns: 0:31 istrhythm house, the popular music storeone of the iconic landmarks of mumbaithat has been visited by who's who of the world, is expected to close down next year.
musicians like the late pandit ravi shankar, ustad zakir hussain to maestro a r rahman and several others visited this music shop, which has a special page in the history of mumbai.
the rhythm house along the rampart row is located in kala ghoda, which is often referred to as the art district of mumbai.
several iconic heritage buildings and places like the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj vastu sangrahalaya, jehangir art gallery, max mueller bhavan, bombay university, national gallery of modern art, institute of science, bombay natural history society, elphinstone college, esplande mansion, and david sassoon library are located here.
as soon as the news spread, there were multiple reactions on twitter, with people requesting the owners that the shop does not shut down; some went to the extent of requesting maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to ensure that it does not close down.
rhythm houses owner and managing director, mehmood curmally, was quoted saying in a report that it was contemplating shutting operations next year and things are being worked out.
it is one of the most popular places of mumbai, said rafique baghdadi, a veteran journalist, writer, film critic and expert on mumbai.
it was a place liked by several generations, he said.
filmmaker sajid khan sought the intervention of the chief minister to pull it out of closure.
last year, it was a new empire,now rhythm house.
.
.
sad.
.
mumbai needs its iconic landmarks.
.
.
cm saab pls save rhythm hs!
, he tweeted.
foodie kunal vijayakar said: an era ends for all us who grew up in south mumbai @ iconic south mumbai music store rhythm house to shut shop in 2016.
maharashtra to set up memorial for r k laxmanpune/mumbai, jan 28, 2015, dhns: 0:21 iston a day when eminent cartoonist and caricaturist r k laxman was accorded a state funeral in pune, the maharashtra government announced setting up of a befitting memorial in honour of the legendary creator of the common man.
in mumbai, several people visited the worli seaface, where the statue of the common man is a prominent feature, garlanded it as a mark of respect towards laxman.
representing the centre, environment and forests minister prakash javadekar laid a wreath.
chief minister devendrafadnavis also laid a wreath.
laxman (94) passed away on monday at the dinanath mangeshkar hospital in pune of multi-organ failure.
the last rites were performed at the vaikunth crematorium in pune.
the government plans to build a memorial to inspire future generations laxmans cartoons often acted as lakshman rekha for politicians, state education minister vinod tawde said.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray, whose late father and shiv sena supremo bal thackeray was a colleague while working at the free press journal, and his cousin and maharashtra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray, who is himself a cartoonist and caricaturist, paid floral tributes.
prior to the funeral, the body was kept at the symbiosis institute in pune to enable the veteran cartoonists countless fans and admirers to pay their last respects.
maharashtra to send revised drought aid proposal to centrenagpur/mumbai, dec 18, 2014, dhns 0:12 istunseasonal rain compounds problemsdescribing the drought situation as extremely serious, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has decided to send a revised memorandum to the centre including 5,700 more villages to the initial tally of around 19,000 villages.
the marathwada and vidarbha regions of maharashtra are facing drought  and the government had earlier sought a relief of rs 4,000 crore from the centre, while announcing a package of rs 7,000 crore.
even while the two regions face an agrarian crisis, the recent unseasonal rains and hailstorm in khandesh and unseasonal rains in konkan region have compounded the problems.
the situation is extremely serious.
we had initially sent a proposal of relief for around 19,000 villages.
the team had visited some of the places and has agreed to our proposal to include more villages, he said, adding that once we send the revised memorandum, it would be placed before the high-level committee and then the package would be announced.
according to the chief minister, the state is looking at providing drinking water to the affected villages, fodder through the ndrf and providing food grains through public distribution system mechanism.
fadnavis denies holding up us-bound air india flightmumbai, july 2, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istfacing criticism for delaying an us-bound air india flight, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday dismissed as a blatant lie and misleading the reports that he refused to travel till bureaucrat praveensinh pardeshi managed to organise his right passport and visa papers.
the allegation that i forced to delay the flight to new york is false and misleading.
i totally deny it, the 44-year-old fadnavis tweeted on wednesday evening.
however, as the issue snowballed into a national political debate on thursday evening, fadnavis threatened criminal defamation proceedings once he is back in india.
enough is enough, he said.
i reiterate, the reports of me delaying flight are misleading.
in fact, when i'd already boarded how can i say i wont travel without delegation?
if at all any report that has been submitted, states that i refused to travel without my delegation then it is a blatant lie because.
.
.
passengers sitting beside and behind me are witness that i was sitting quietly waiting for departure.
not even once did i ask to be offloaded, the chief minister said in a series of tweets.
fadnavis clarification came hours after the prime ministers office (pmo) asked for a report from the ministry of civil aviation on incidents involving fadnavis and another different incident involving union minister of state for home kiren rijiju.
on monday, when the chief minister was leaving for a nine-day trip to the united states, pardeshi, his principal secretary, mistakenly did not carry his old passport which had the us visa.
the new passport did not have the visa details and the cms old passport had to be arranged from his south mumbai office, and this resulted in a delay of around an hour.
a report by air indias mumbai office to headquarters states that the chief ministers refusal to travel without his delegation led to offloading of the entire delegation of 8 pax along with 14 pcs of baggage from two different containers and a new load sheet which would have to be prepared would've further delayed the departure.
stray incidents of violencemumbai, oct 15 2014, dhns: 2:23 istby and large, the polling in maharashtra was peaceful, except for a few stray incidents.
in gadchiroli district, some maoists attempted to disrupt the democratic exercise by firing at a polling booth, but security forces promptly retaliated and voting continued peacefully.
a woman politician from digras in yavatmal allegedly assaulted an election officer over a minor fracas, but voting was unaffected.
clashes were also reported from yavatmal between some villagers and security personnel in which at least one policeman was injured in stone-throwing.
in another incident, at least three political activists were injured in clashes and stone-pelting in aunjur-dive village near bhiwandi town in thane.
the injured were admitted to igm hospital even as security was further tightened.
in mumbai, a vehicle belonging to akhil bharatiya sena candidate geeta gawli was stoned by unknown political rivals who fled from the scene.
the fate of prominent politicians will be decided when counting takes place on sunday, including former chief minister prithviraj chavan, his deputy and senior ncp leader ajit pawar, state bjp president devendrafadnavis , leader of opposition in the legislative assembly eknath khadse, his counterpart in legislative council vinod tawde (both bjp), shiv sena leader in the outgoing assembly subhash desai and his mns counterpart bala nandgaonkar.
mumbai, aug 6, 2016 (pti) 12:20 isttwo more bodies were recovered today during the search operation in savitri river where two state-run buses and some private vehicles were swept away after a british-era bridge collapsed in mahad, taking the toll in the tragedy to 24.
two more bodies, both males, were found at different locations in the river and the toll has now gone up to 24.
of these, one was found near mhapral bridge and the other in amber creek, a raigad district official said.
a fresh search operation involving multiple agencies and local divers was launched this morning, he said.
the tragedy occurred on tuesday night at mahad when two state-run buses and some private vehicles fell into the swollen river following collapse of the nearly-century-old bridge on the mumbai-goa highway.
of the 22 identified victims, 10 were in rajapur-borivili bus while seven were travelling in jaigad-mumbai bus, both belonging to maharashtra state transport corporation.
twenty boats and nearly 160 personnel from coast guard, ndrf and navy were deployed in the search operation.
the district administration was also taking help of local fishermen.
the government has already announced that the kin of the deceased staff members of the two state-run buses would either be given job or compensation of rs 10 lakh each.
the bridge was located on mumbai-goa highway near mahad, about 170 kms from mumbai.
the river, which turned into a torrent due to heavy downpour in its catchment area in mahabaleshwar, weakened the foundations of the bridge, which ultimately gave way on tuesday night.
nashik undergoes facelift ahead of kumbh melamrityunjay bose nashik, may 26, 2015, dhns: 1:19 istthe historic city of nashik, known as the abode of lord rama during his 14 years of exile, is undergoing a major facelift ahead of the simahastha kumbh mela celebrations.
given the fact that nashik is also associated with dynasties like mauryas, satavahanas, rashtrakutas, chalukyas and yadavas among other others, the kumbh mela  held once in 12 years  holds a special place among other kumbh melas of allahabad, haridwar and ujjain.
nashik city and the adjoining temple town of trimbakeshwar, where one of the 12 jyotirlingas is situated, as well as the entire district have undergone a major change and are all set for the kumbh mela, which starts on june 15, 2015 and ends in september 2016.
the nashik municipal corporation (nmc) is undertaking works to the tune of rs 800 crore, which are currently under various stages of completion.
work to the tune of rs 600 crore has already been completed and the rest would be completed between june 15 and 30.
by june-end, nashik would be completely ready for the kumbh mela, nashik deputy mayor gurmeet singh bagga told deccan herald.
the major works that had been undertaken include construction of roads and ring roads, construction of sadhugram at tapovan on a 300-acre land, drainage, creation of health facilities, two filtration plants of 68 mld and the cleaning of the godavari river.
for enhancing security and ensuring smooth traffic, a rs 18-crore project has been undertaken to set up a cctv network and a control room.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and water resources minister girish mahajan, who is the in charge of nashik district, have held a series of meetings.
in the next one month, several meetings of the government, nmc, police and security agencies have been planned.
mumbai, sep 19 , 2015, dhns: 1:59 istin another surprising development, the maharashtra government on friday transferred the high-profile sheena bora murder case to the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
this is being done for ensuring a fair and impartial probe, additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi told reporters.
this is not just a simple murder, there could be economic links to the murder and hence a complete and detailed probe was needed, he said.
this decision will ensure that no state government officer will be linked to the probe, he noted, pointing out media interference in the case which he said was giving a different impression to the public.
it is now for the centre to accept our request and if we get the nod we will hand all the papers to the cbii spoke to officials at length.
.
, we have completed all formalities, he said.
over the last four days, since maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis arrived in mumbai after his tour to japan, bakshi had several one-on-one meetings with the chief minister and had sought a detailed report of the probe from director general of police sanjeev dayal.
bakshi further said that after marias transfer, he was asked to continue with the probe, but from media reports, official or unofficial, quoting him or not quoting him, we have got an impression that he was not keen.
we want to give a clear message to the people, and the government has no intention to interfere in the case and we want a complete and impartial investigation, bakshi explained.
there is no link between the previous cp (rakesh marias) transfer and the sheena bora case, he said.
evidence collected so farskeletal remains and dna tests:skeletal remains of sheena bora were collected twice  in may 23, 2012 and august 28 this year.
they have been tested at the central forensic science laboratory at kalina in mumbai, which confirmed they were indeed of sheena as they matched with samples from indrani mukerjea.
this is a very important bit of evidence and will help the police and prosecutors in court.
dna samples of kolkata-based siddhartha das, the biological father of sheena and mikhail bora, have also been collected.
however, the police are yet to officially comment on their results.
digital superimposition conducted on the skull recovered at the nair hospital was a positive match to sheena.
murder vehicle:the vehicle in which sheena was murdered in mumbai on april 24, 2012, and which was used to dump her body the next day in raigad district, has been traced.
it was hired in peter mukerjea's name.
however, how far samples collected from the car would be useful is yet to be determined.
the statement of the person who rented out the car has been recorded.
the police are now checking cctv footage along the route on which the car had travelled in 2012.
driver's confession:indrani's driver shyamvar rai has confessed to the crime and also revealed that on the eve of the murder, they had surveyed a few places before zeroing in on the pen site.
his statement may be recorded under section 164 of the crpc.
suitcase:the suitcase in which sheena's body was presumably transported has been recovered from the garage of marlow cooperative housing society.
the vendor from dadar who sold it has also been traced.
mikhail bora's statement:indrani's son mikhail bora has revealed indrani and sanjeev khanna's plans in his statement.
he has said indrani had tried to get him admitted to a mental asylum.
besides, sanjeev and indrani had spiked his drinks at hiltop hotel on the day of sheena's murder, but he sensed trouble and escaped.
fadnavis is currently visiting the us following a trip to canada.
after meeting investors and ceos and attending a community reception in the city, he will visit washington and san francisco.
in 2019, people are going to vote narendra modi again because what india could not achieve in 67 years, we have achieved a lot in the last four years, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis told pti in an interview here yesterday.
i wont say that nothing happened in 67 years but the path on which the country has begun its journey now, is something which was never thought of, he said.
we may talk about missions to the moon but even today 50  of the population does not have toilets.
look at that disparity.
that disparity is being addressed by modi, he said.
unless we address this disparity, it will result in a very divided society.
according to official data, maharashtra has constructed the maximum number of individual household toilets under the centre's flagship swachh bharat mission scheme, followed by gujarat and madhya pradesh.
till november last year, as many as 42.
72 lakh household toilets have been constructed against the target of 66.
42 lakh.
from providing gas connections to electricity connections, every single step is changing the country and that is why i am very sure that people will vote for narendra modi again in 2019.
ncp chief sharad pawar had said the bjp was playing a threat letter card to gain sympathy.
fadnavis reiterated that it was very unfortunate when senior leaders like pawar make such comments.
with all the damaging evidence, if somebody says that it is a letter to get sympathy, i dont expect that from such a person, he said.
be ready for snap polls, pawar tells party workersalibaug/mumbai, nov 18, 2014, (dhns) 2:19 istnationalist congress party (ncp) supremo sharad pawar on tuesday asked his party workers to be prepared for mid-term polls saying that the present political atmosphere is not conducive for stability of government.
we have to be ready for mid-term electionshaving a stable government is not the responsibility of the ncp, pawar, a former union minister in the erstwhile congress-led upa government, said inaugurating the two-day meeting of the party at alibaug, a seashore resort town in raigad district, nearly 110 km away from downtown mumbai.
the present situation in maharashtra is not of long term political stability.
if the political instability continues, then in four to six months the state may have to face polls and that will not be good for maharashtra, veteran master-politician said.
the statement shocked the bjp, which has been extended unconditional outside support by the ncp.
the recent assembly elections has thrown up a hung house with bjp winning 122 seats (current strength 121 as one mla has died), shiv sena 63, congress 42 and ncp 41 mlas in the 288-member house.
fadnavis had won a controversial confidence vote last week which was passed by a voice vote, and the shiv sena and congress, later urged governor ch vidyasagar rao to direct the government to seek a fresh vote in which its strength be determined through division of votes.
meanwhile, even though shiv senas eknath khadse has been made the leader of opposition, talks between sena and bjp are underway to pursue the former to join the government.
shiv sena spokesperson sanjay raut appeared to say that the key to survival of the government is in his partys hands.
i am sure there wont be fresh polls in maharashtra.
the shiv sena has the keys to keep the government stable or unstable, raut said.
mahad tragedy: 2 more bodies found; death toll climbs to 26mumbai, aug 7, 2016 (pti) 15:46 isttwo more bodies were today found in the search and rescue operations which continued for fourth day following the collapse of a bridge on mumbai-goa highway near mahad in raigad district, taking the death toll to 26.
during the course of rescue operations, officials have managed to recover two more bodies taking the death toll to 26.
all the deceased have been identified, state disaster management cell director suhas diwase told pti.
while initially 42 people were feared missing, the authorities have no information and clarity yet on a honda city car reportedly carrying four persons which is suspected to have also fallen in the river.
only once we know for sure that a honda city car with four people went missing, we will be able to say 42 people are missing.
for now, the number of missing people stands at 38, he said.
the national disaster response force (ndrf) and coast guard officials have so far been able to locate only a signboard of one of the missing state transport buses bearing the word 'reserved' on it.
various techniques, including electronic sensors, fish finders (sonar devices), and massive magnets are being used to trace the metal bodies in the water.
the swollen savitri river washed away a 100-year-old bridge at mahad, about 170 km south of mumbai, on tuesday night, taking with it two buses and at least one suv.
the river, which turned into a torrent due to heavy downpour in its catchment area in mahabaleshwar, weakened the foundations of the bridge, which ultimately gave way on tuesday night.
stepping up rescue efforts, divers have been deployed in areas where currents are not strong.
an ndrf commandant said his team has extended the area of search operations up to 40 km from the accident spot, with fishing nets installed across the bridges over the river.
the raigad, ratnagiri and state highway police too have joined the operation to find the missing people belonging to various parts of maharashtra.
the government has already announced that the kin of the deceased staff members of the two state-run buses would either be given job or compensation of rs 10 lakh each.
congress veteran murli deora no more; sonia attends funeralmumbai, nov 24, 2014, pti: 19:58 istcongress veteran from maharashtra murli deora, a gandhi family loyalist, who held important posts in the party and government during his over four decade-long political career, passed away here today after prolonged illness.
he was 77.
deora had been unwell and was admitted to a hospital from where he came home two days back.
the end came at 3.
25 am, family sources said.
murlibhai, as he was fondly called, is survived by wife and two sons, including former mp milind deora, who also served as a union minister.
congress president sonia gandhi, her son and party vice-president rahul flew down to mumbai to pay tributes to the departed leader.
they were accompanied by priyanka gandhi and her husband robert vadra.
prime minister narendra modi also condoled deora's demise.
just yesterday i had spoken to shri murli deora's family & asked about his health.
very sad to hear the unfortunate news today, modi said on twitter.
senior congress leaders ahmed patel, motilal vohra and anand sharma were also present at the mumbai congress office where deora's body was kept to allow people and party workers pay their last respects.
leaders cutting across party lines paid tributes to deora, who had friends across political spectrum and also in the corporate world.
maharashtra parliamentary affairs minister prakash mehta, education minister vinod tawde (both from bjp), mns chief raj thackeray and union power minister piyush goyal also paid floral tributes to deora, a sitting rajya sabha mp.
deora's mortal remains were later taken to chandanwadi crematorium in south mumbai, where he was cremated with state honours.
his sons milind and mukul performed the last rites.
among those present at the crematorium were sonia, rahul, priyanka, vadra, vohra, sharma, ahmed patel, ncp leader praful patel, industrialists mukesh and anil ambani, former chief prithviraj chavan, goyal and mehta.
deora was india's longest serving petroleum minister (he served under upa 1 & 2) and held important posts in the party and government during his over four-decade-long career.
he was elected to lok sabha four times from the prestigious mumbai south seat.
he served as president of mumbai congress for 22 long years.
a gandhi family loyalist and a close confidant of former prime minister rajiv gandhi, deora was a key party fund raiser who was on personal terms with most of india's well-known industrialists.
sonia later went to deora's residence in south mumbai where she met his wife hema and consoled her.
deora made his electoral debut in 1975 when he contested civic elections in mumbai.
he was mayor from 1977 to 1978 and then entered lok sabha from mumbai south, a seat later represented by his son milind.
currently, he was serving his third term as a rajya sabha mp.
deora held the key portfolio of petroleum and natural gas during the upa1 regime.
he joined the union cabinet in 2006, shortly before he turned 70, and led india's oil diplomacy in myanmar, algeria and egypt, and held talks with ministers from sudan, chad, ethiopia and comoros.
deora, an economics graduate, was retained in the oil ministry when upa won a second term in 2009, but was moved to ministry of corporate affairs in january 2011 and finally dropped from the cabinet later that year.
several leaders paid tribute to the congressman.
union minister venkaiah naidu said india has lost a veteran parliamentarian.
i am deeply saddened by the demise of murli deora.
we have lost a veteran parliamentarian and an experienced administrator.
state congress president manikrao thakre said the party had lost an experienced guide and mentor.
deora's political journey was an inspiration to all.
aicc general secretary gurudas kamat, former ministers narayan rane and naseem khan and former mp priya dutt were among those present at the mumbai congress office to pay respect to the late leader.
speaking in nashik, ncp leader and former minister chhagan bhujbal said deora had a warm and friendly nature, and he was on good terms even with members of opposition parties.
shiv sena presents green cap to maha minister, says bjp soft on muslimsmumbai, nov 10, 2014, ians: 15:59 istthe shiv sena continued its aggressive stance vis-a-vis the bharatiya janata party and presented a green cap to revenue, minority affairs & wakf minister eknath khadse for what it termed his soft corner for muslims, here monday.
the sena's 63 members trooped inside the vidhan bhavan with full throated vigour and slogans on the first the day of the three-day special legislative session for the swearing-in of the 287 newly-elected members of the state assembly.
sena senior leader diwakar raote brought a bright green cap with him which he intended to present to khadse for the latter's proposal to introduce urdu as an optional subject to students studying in marathi medium schools in the state.
nobody has demanded this from the government.
even if one student opts for urdu, they will have to appoint a teacher, make arrangements for 'namaz', and other requirements.
what is the need for this?
raote demanded, questioning the government's move to appease the minorities.
the sena's attack on khadse, currently the no.
2 in chief minister devendra fadnavis' cabinet, came a day after the party warned the bjp it would sit in the opposition if it (bjp) took the help of nationalist congress party to prop up the minority government during the confidence vote here wednesday, nov 12.
several sena leaders have lauded party president uddhav thackeray's decision on this ticklish issue which resulted in the party boycotting the first cabinet expansion of prime minister narendra modi in new delhi sunday, and the sena recalling its nominee anil y. desai minutes before the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan.
the shiv sena legislators occupied the opposition benches during the swearing-in of legislators and earlier exchanged slogans of 'jai shivaji' versus bjp's 'jai shree ram'.
the day started with maharashtra governor c.v. rao swearing in senior legislator j.p. gavit as the pro-tem speaker of the new assembly ahead of the crucial floor test by fadnavis after two days.
cm relief fund row: sena frowns at govt's unhealthy mindsetmumbai, oct 26, 2015, pti: 12:35 isttaking a dim view of money sanctioned from cm's relief fund for a dance troupe's foreign tour at a time when a poor girl from latur district committed suicide, the shiv sena has said it depicts unhealthy mindset of the government.
the sena said those who feel the ink attack on sudheendra kulkarni brought disrepute to the state, should now answer if this incident has brought repute.
swati, a class xi student from jadala village near latur, allegedly committed suicide recently as she could not manage rs 260 for her bus pass to go to school.
in her suicide note, the girl purportedly said she took the extreme step as she could not bear to see her parents suffer and worry about arranging marriage for their daughters.
with the girl's suicide, it has become clear that those in power can only speak.
on one hand swati committed suicide due to poverty and on the other the state government approves rs 8 lakh to fund a dance troupe to bangkok.
this depicts the unhealthy mindset of the state government, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'saamana'.
many such young girls may be on the verge of committing suicide, the ruling alliance partner said while describing such incidents as a blot on the state's image and sought to know what the government plans to do about it.
at one point, the 'latur pattern' was famous in the education sector.
now, the region has developed a 'suicide pattern'.
it is a blot on the image of maharashtra.
those who say the ink attack on sudheendra kulkarni brought disrepute to the state, should now answer if this incident has brought repute, the party said.
the 'latur pattern' of study, developed by former principals of a college in latur, is a combination of special training and intensive coaching, designed to help students in providing point-to-point answers to questions which could be expected in the examination.
taking a dig at its senior ally, the sena said it was happy that its ministers, who claim to be sidelined in the government, were not consulted before the sanctioning of rs 8 lakh for the dance troupe.
shiv sena ministers say they are not treated with respect and are not taken into confidence before taking decisions.
we are happy that we were not taken into confidence before allotting rs 8 lakh for this foreign tour or we too would have been cursed by swati, it said.
while the government celebrates its one year in power, it should also ensure such incidents are not repeated, the sena stressed.
an rti query filed by activist anil galgali recently found that chief minister devendrafadnavis had approved rs 8 lakh for a government employees' dance troupe to participate in a competition in bangkok in december.
not enough water to spare for maharashtra, says cmbelagavi, apr 20, 2016, dhns: 0:34 istchief minister siddaramaiah on wednesday said karnataka did not have enough water to meet the demand of maharashtra for one tmcft to cater for the drinking water needs of solapur and akkalkot in the neighbouring state.
talking to reporters at sambra airport here, en route to chikkodi for a programme, the chief minister said karnataka had urged maharashtra to release one tmcft from koyna reservoir into krishna river to meet the drinking water requirements of belagavi, bagalkot and vijayapura districts.
however, as a reciprocatory measure, maharashtra has asked karnataka to release one tmcft from the narayanpur reservoir into bhima river through the indi branch canal.
but we have no water for maharashtra, siddaramaiah said.
he said as the state had been been facing severe drought, maharashtra would be requested to release 3 tmcft more water into krishna river.
the matter would be taken up with maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
maharashtra has requested for an equal quantity of water to be released from indi canal into river bhima for solapur and akkalkot, or water for jat taluk bordering karnataka through the hirepadsalgi lift irrigation scheme, he said.
the drought in the state is so severe that water is being supplied by tankers to more than 800 villages.
we are facing the most severe drought in 42 years, but compared to maharashtra, the situation is a little better here.
in the neighbouring state, water is being supplied by train; but we have been somehow managing the situation.
the deputy commissioners have been directed to be in touch with the finance and revenue departments and there is a fund crunch to mitigate the drought situation, he said.
siddaramaiah said karnataka had urged the centre for a drought-relief package of rs 1,416 crore in january, but nothing had come so far.
union home minister rajnath singh has convened a meeting on april 22 and talks would be held with him on the drought situation.
the state cabinet sub-committees have been visiting the districts and a report would be submitted by them later.
based on their recommendations, further measures would be taken, he said.
special package for farmers in suicide-prone districtsnew delhi: june 9, 2016, dhns 0:49 istthe centre is working on a special package for indias worst farmer suicide-prone districts with the water resources ministry coming up with a number of drought-proof programmes.
i will write to chief ministers of perennial drought-hit states to identity the highest farmers suicide reported districts and submit a detailed report, water resources minister uma bharti told dh.
i have already discussed the issue with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and will discuss the matter with other states, including karnataka, telangana, andhra pradesh, odisha, chattisgarh, jharkhand, uttar pradesh and rajasthan, she added.
under the package, the ministry will give financial assistance to take up a number of drought-proofing programmes, including revival of water bodies, desilting ponds, wells and lakes, recharging ground water, planting trees on river beds and preparing flood plain protection plan.
prime minister narendra modi who held series of meeting with chief ministers of several states on drought and crop loss issue recently, also said the government will come out with a scheme to address the perennial drought-prone areas.
more than 2,000 farmers suicide cases were reported due to agrarian reasons in 2015, with the highest number of cases (1,841) in maharashtra alone.
as many as 116 farmers have committed suicide due to farm crisis in the first three months of 2016, with maximum cases reported in maharashtra ( 57), followed by punjab (56) and telangana (3), said an official.
dh news servicemadhya pradesh, which had consistently been recording farmer suicides in varying numbers till 2014, managed to escape this tragic cycle last year as well as this year so far.
centre credits mps better agricultural growth, backed by creation of irrigation infrastructure in water-stressed areas, for the turnaround.
maharashtra government is in a dilemma on whether to prohibit liquor sale on eid-e-milad, which is falling on christmas eve, days after a delegation of muslim mlas sought a ban on booze citing religious sentiments.
this is the first time that the government has got a request to ban alcohol on eid-e-milad.
no legislator or a private citizen has ever made this demand, state revenue minister eknath khadse told pti.
on one hand, we respect the sentiments of muslims whose religion forbids them from consuming alcoholic beverages, and on the other it is christmas day on 25th, he said.
sentiments of both these religions have left us in a dilemma.
though we have not decided on what has to be done, we will reach a final conclusion in a day or two, he said.
a delegation of muslim legislators had on friday submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking that december 24, which will be celebrated as prophet mohammed's birthday, to be declared a 'dry day' (no liquor sales).
senior congress leader and former minister naseem khan, who led the delegation, in a statement had said that they urged fadnavis to consider their demand, like it is done on mahavir jayanti and gandhi jayanti every year.
khan was accompanied by waris pathan and imtiyaz jalil (both belonging to the aimim) along with samajwadi party state president abu asim azmi and leader of opposition in the assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil.
sting catches bjp mla flaying modi, shahmumbai, june 27, 2015, dhns: 8:27 istin a major embarrassment to the bjp, one of its senior-most legislators from maharashtra, raj purohit, was caught in a sting operation questioning prime minister narendra modi and party chief amit shah's style of functioning.
he was also caught saying how the business community was drifting away from the party because of its policies.
the revelation came as a major jolt to purohit himself, who was one of the probables for a ministry during the maharashtra cabinet expansion.
it also means more trouble for chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is already reeling under various problems: the rs 206-crore anganwadi scam in which the name of late gopinath munde's daughter and women and child development minister pankaja figures, the alleged fake educational qualifications of senior ministers vinod tawde and babanrao lonikar, and mumbai police chief rakesh maria's july 2014 meeting with ipl ex-chief lalit modi in london.
there is no collective decision-making in the bjp.
its a fraud.
narendra modi and amit shah are the two power-centres in the country.
such a democracy is meaningless.
they are calling the shots, purohit was heard saying in a video aired by local news channels.
maharashtra bjp chief raosaheb patil danve has called for cds of the conversation, and also summoned the five-time mla and former minister for an explanation.
if patil danve is not satisfied, and there is a prima facie case against purohit, the party may act against him.
the bjp veteran is highly-networked with the business community and traders, and has been their voice.
black moneyon the centres move to unearth black money and come out with a new law on it, purohit was heard saying: half the countrys economy runs on black money.
i interact daily with top businessmen.
dont interfere in everything.
let things continue as they are.
purohit was also seen in the video accusing fadnavis being in a nexus with the builders' lobby, which he claimed is represented by party colleague and mla mangal prabhat lodha.
he used money power and prevented me from being made a minister.
i am among the senior-most ministers, probably second after (revenue minister) eknath khadse, he said, adding that injustice had been done to him.
maha dalit killings: raj asks cm for action to nab culpritsmumbai, nov 2, 2014, (pti) 15:29 istmns chief raj thackeray today called on newly-appointed state chief minister devendrafadnavis and asked him to take steps to arrest culprits of the last month's gruesome murder of three members of a dalit family at a village in ahmednagar district.
after the meeting, raj told reporters that he had asked fadnavis to personally look into the matter as the accused are still at large.
on october 21, a day after the killings, bodies of three members, one of them decapitated, were found dumped in a dry well in javkheda village of ahmednagar's pathardi taluka.
the chief minister told me that investigations are on and all possibilities are being explored, said raj, who visited the village and met the victims' family yesterday.
raj said caste violence had not happened in ahmednagar district for the first time, and this was the third such incident in the recent past.
i also discussed (with the cm) the need to boost the morale of policemen who investigate cases of caste violence.
when they take action, police are also targeted, because of which there is low rate of conviction, he said.
the maharashtra navnirman sena (mns) chief said he had also demanded rs 3,000 per quintal for sugarcane growers and also filling the vacant post of nashik municipal commissioner.
he said after the trust vote of the new government, he would make a presentation on tourism before the chief minister which would help to boost revenue and generate employment.
the chief minister has agreed for a meeting later this month, raj said.
chief ministers turn ceos, woo nris to invest in their statesjan 09, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:28 istchief ministers of four states and a union territory donned the role of chief executive officers (ceos) on the second day of pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd) on sunday, wooing nris to invest in their respective states.
they offered nris sops and relaxation in norms to do business with ease.
chief ministers of karnataka, assam, maharashtra, chhattisgarh and puducherry got down the business and displayed competition to woo investments.
highlighting the advantages karnataka has, chief minister siddaramaiah said the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens, hi-technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery.
siddaramaiah told the audience the state, especially bengaluru, has indian institute of science and indian institute of management and headquarters of isro, drdo and many it-bt companies.
he said mangalyaan - the mars orbiter mission  indias first interplanetary mission and, chandrayaan  the lunar probe mission were both conceived and delivered from here.
as we speak, scientists and engineers in the state are working on mangalyaan-2 and chandrayaan-2, he added.
karnataka is the fountainhead of global research and development (r&d) more than 400 multi-national companies have their global r&d centres here - perhaps the largest concentration of such centres anywhere in the world, said siddaramaiah.
he said that some of indias best known startups such as flipkart, ola, big basket, quikr, in mobi are emerging from bengaluru.
chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh tried to sell hard the advantage of investing in his new state.
he said his state is mineral rich and has surplus power.
he added that the new capital coming up in the state is the finest in the world.
he informed the audience about the investment made by maharashtra to build infrastructure.
assam chief minister sarbananda sonowal said his state has a vibrant industrial base with 70 industrial infrastructure hubs including growth centres, export processing industrial parks, food parks, bamboo park, plastic park, integrated industrial infrastructure centre, industrial estates, biotech park and it park.
he told the gathering about the various initiatives taken by his government to create an atmosphere conducive for investment.
puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy said that the advantage the union territory has is its size, which makes its easy for the government to concentrate on administration and reach out to the people in no time.
he said the long coastline, the accommodative nature of the citizens, knowledge of french, english, besides tamil make the state a good investment destination.
april 4, 2015,bengaluru, dhns: 2:51 ista sea of people turned up at the national college grounds in basavangudi to hear prime minister narendra modis address.
with saffron flags fluttering all over the grounds, thousands braved the humid evening weather to hear modis words.
the bjp had organised the public rally with little or no glitches.
the dais had a galaxy of leaders from as many as six states.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis; his rajasthan counterpart vasudara raje, gujarat chief minister anandiben patel; shivaraj singh chauhan and lakshmikanth parsekar - chief ministers of madhya pradesh and goa respectively, chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh and dr nirmal singh, the deputy chief minister of jammu and kashmir were present on the dais.
apart from them, bjp patriarch l k advani, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, bjp national president amit shah and others were also seen on the stage.
however, only shah delivered a short speech which was followed by modis.
shah was compelled to cut short his speech as the crowd cheered loud demanding to hear modi.
i can see that modiji has arrived.
i shall not take any time of yours, and shall not stand in the way of you (crowd) and him, shah said before concluding his speech.
earlier, the state bjp leaders used the platform to attack siddaramaiah government for its non-performance.
terming siddaramaiahs sleeping disorder as niddhe bhagya, union minister for chemicals and fertilisers ananth kumar said that the countdown for the siddaramaiah regime had begun.
he said the congress had shown a lacklustre performance in the state and that it was the beginning of its end.
leaders jagadish shettar and k s eshwarappa also took the opportunity to recall the mysterious death of ias officer d k ravi and the failure of the congress regime.
immediately previous mlas and mps were invited for the dinner at the partys national executive meeting at hotel lalit ashok.
they were greeted by party national president amit shah.
former legislators c m udasi, m p kumaraswamy, murgesh nirani, m p renukacharaya, c c patil, yogish bhat, sogadu shivanna, former mp g s basavaraj among others attended the dinner.
saffron party retains important portfolios in maharashtramumbai, dec 7, 2014, (dhns): 2:27 ista day after the shiv sena formally joined the government, the bjp clearly spelled out its dominance by retaining important portfolios and allocating only transport, industries, environment, public works, and health and family welfare to its alliance partner.
chief minister devendrafadnavis retained the home department, a portfolio sought by the sena.
fadnavis will also hold urban development, general administration, tourism, ports, information and public relations among others.
the list of portfolios of the 30 member council of ministers, including 18 cabinet rank and 12 ministers of state, were announced on saturday.
a long-time aide of the thackeray family, subhash desai has been given the industries portfolio, while eknath shinde has been given public works.
ramdas kadam got the environment ministry, while diwakar raote was allotted the transport portfolio and dr deepak sawant has been given public health and family welfare.
senior bjp leader eknath khadse retains the key portfolios of revenue, relief and rehabilitation, earthquake rehabilitation, minorities development and wakf, agriculture and horticulture, animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries, and excise.
another senior leader sudhir mungantiwar retains finance, planning and forests, while vinod tawde will hold school education, higher and technical education, medical education among others.
prakash mehta has been given housing, mining and labour.
chandrakant patil, who negotiated the senas entry, has retained cooperation, marketing and textiles, and public works (excluding public undertakings).
pankaja munde retains rural development.
a surprise entry, chandrashekar bawankule has been given the key energy ministry, while senior legislator girish bapat has been allotted food, civil supplies and consumer protection, food and drug administration, and parliamentary affairs.
'no shows by pakistani artistes till peace on border'mumbai, oct 8, 2015 (ians) 15:34 istthe youth wing of the shiv sena on thursday said it won't be proper to host shows by pakistani artistes in india as long as tensions continued on the india-pakistan borders.
we are admirers of pakistani ghazal maestro ghulam ali and listen to his music.
.
.
but we cannot permit his concert here in view of the killings perpetrated by pakistan-sponsored terrorists on our borders, yuva sena president aditya thackeray told the media.
he was speaking on the sidelines of the inaugural of jain international trade organisations games.
justifying the shiv sena's opposition to ghulam ali concerts scheduled later this week in maharashtra, thackeray claimed the move was in support of indian armed forces that were grappling terror on the borders.
instead of providing security to ghulam ali, it is more important to enhance security for our countrymen and on our borders, he said, referring to chief minister devendra fadnavis' assurance on providing full security to the pakistani maestro in the state.
thackeray's reactions came a day after the shiv sena's film wing, chitrapat sena, issued threats against the ghulam ali concert in mumbai on friday and in pune on saturday.
the events were planned as part of a tribute to the indian ghazal singer jagjit singh on his fourth death anniversary.
even as fadnavis promised adequate security to ghulam ali, the event organisers met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray and decided to cancel ghulam ali's participation in the commemorative programmes.
the programmes will be held as per the schedule but ghulam ali will not participate.
this decision was taken at a meeting between event organisers and uddhav thackeray, chitrapat sena general secretary akshay bardapurkar told ians after the meeting late wednesday.
we respect the art and artistes of pakistan.
however, we are strongly against any form of cultural association with that country since it regularly kills our soldiers and civilians in attacks from across the borders, said chitrapat sena president and marathi actor aadesh bandekar.
he had warned of protests not only in mumbai and pune but wherever ghulam ali, 75, performed in the country.
in the past, the shiv sena had protested against pakistani singer atif aslam's concert and against pakistan cricket team playing in india.
on tuesday, the shiv sena, through its mouthpiece 'saamana', urged the central government to attack pakistan in retaliation to the cross-border attacks on indian solders and civilians.
our leaders do not wear mask: sena on fadnavis' poll remarksmumbai, may 27, 2015 (pti) 11:40 istshiv sena today hit back at maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis over his remarks that going solo in the assembly polls brought out bjp's true strength, saying sena leaders do not wear mask or makeup.
though sena welcomed fadnavis' stand on fighting the next municipal corporation of greater mumbai (mcgm) election together, it asked the chief minister to come clean on what led to the sena-bjp alliance breakup ahead of the assembly polls.
we do not wish to take potshots at him because we too fought hard to ensure defeat of congress and ncp.
but people at some places got carried away with the external makeup.
we do not wear mask or makeup on our faces, the bjp ally said in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'saamana'.
sena said fadnavis should first work towards ensuring that neighbouring states do not take away business from maharashtra rather than inviting foreign investment into the state.
air india, patents office, port trust, railways.
.
.
all head-offices are being shifted elsewhere and the cm does not take a hard stand on it.
if fadnavis does not show nerve with the centre, then other states will take away whatever is left here, the editorial further said.
sena also exuded confidence that it will remain a major force in the state politics and that win or defeat of few sena legislators will cast no major impact on regional politics.
the two parties came back together after the polls but their ties have been strained, with sena often venting its ire against bjp.
ganpati mandals pledge help for drought-hit farmersnew delhi, sep 16, 2015, dhns: 0:54 istwith people in drought-affected marathwada region continuing to face hardships, ganpati mandals in mumbai have decided to donate to their cause, and have also highlighted water conservation in their celebrations.
it has been taken up as a mission, brihanmumbai sarvajanik ganeshotsav samanvay samiti (bsgss) president naresh dahibawkar told deccan herald.
maharashtras charity commissioner shashikant savale has appealed to all mandals in the state to kept aside rs 5,000 each for the fund.
the 10-day-long ganeshotsav starts on september 17 on the auspicious occasion of ganesh chaturthi, and ends on september 27 at anant chaturdashi.
dahibawkar said the bsgss  the apex body of ganpati mandals in mumbai and its suburbs  has sent out a message to all mandals to donate directly to the chief ministers relief fund, so the money is in safe hands.
all ganpati mandals are trying to donate 10-20 per cent of their collections for drought relief, he said, adding that there are 11,556 registered mandals in mumbai and its eastern and western suburbs.
several mandals have also decided to keep collection boxes meant for drought relief near idols.
a day after two people were killed and more than 50 injured due to communal riots in aurangabad, the situation returned to normalcy.
milind bharambe, aurangabad range's special inspector general of police, said the situation is back to normal.
the situation is absolutely under control, he said, adding that seven companies of state reserve police force and one company of riot control police have been deployed.
bharambe confirmed that there have been two deaths.
mumbai, dec 5, 2014, (pti): 11:38 istweeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the shiv sena will finally join the bjp-led government today when chief minister devendrafadnavis expands his cabinet.
according to highly placed sources in the party, five cabinet rank, and an equal number of state ministers are likely to be inducted from the shiv sena, along with 10 new ministers of the bjp.
the bjp and the shiv sena have jointly decided that the sena will get 5 cabinet rank and 7 ministers of state.
but for now, we are putting on hold the oath taking of two ministers of state.
it will happen after the winter session of the assembly, a senior sena leader, who was part of discussions with the bjp, told pti.
according to the shiv sena leader, those who are likely to included in the cabinet are: diwakar raote, dipak sawant, subhash desai, eknath shinde and ramdas kadam.
raote is set to get the transport ministry, while sawant may get health.
industries ministry, currently headed by bjp leader prakash mehta will now be reshuffled and given to subhash desai.
eknath shinde, who had occupied the leader of opposition chair will now head the mmrdc.
ramdas kadam, a close confidante of sena patriarch bal thackeray will get the environment ministry.
among those likely to be included as state ministers are: sena mlas sanjay rathod, ravindra vaikar, dada bhuse vijay shivtare and deepak kesarkar.
the two long-time allies had parted ways on december 15, just three weeks before the maharashtra assembly elections, which threw up a fractured verdict in the 288-member legislature.
the bjp subsequently emerged as the single largest party with 122, while the sena bagged 63 seats.
the congress came third with 42 seats and the ncp finished last with 41.
maria promoted as dgp, javed ahmed is new mumbai police chiefmumbai, sep 8, 2015, (pti) 15:04 istin a sudden decision in the midst of the sheena bora murder probe, mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria was today promoted and posted as the director general of police (home guards) while dg-rank officer ahmed javed was made the police chief of the metro.
the home department held the changes were made taking into account the law and order factor ahead of the ganapati festival, dismissing suggestions that that it has some links with the ongoing investigation in the high-profile murder case.
maria has been promoted to the director general rank and posted as the dg of home guards in mumbai in place of ahmed javed.
javed (who was dg, homeguards) becomes the new cp of mumbai, additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi said.
he said that post of mumbai police commissioner has been upgraded to 'director general' rank post.
he said maria, a 1981-batch ips officer, had been transferred with immediate effect and that javed, also a 1980-batch ips officer, will take over as the new cp today itself.
there was no hurry in transferring maria.
it would have been inappropriate to transfer him on september 30, in the middle of the festive season as ganapati festival, a very important event in maharashtra would be on at that time.
therefore, we decided to advance the promotion of maria, he said.
when asked about the fate of the ongoing sheena bora murder case investigation, bakshi said that all investigations are important and not only this particular case and that the work of the cp is only to supervise the investigation.
investigations are conducted by lower-level police officials and supervised by the cp.
the new cp is competent.
also, javed should get enough time to handle the situation in mumbai, bakshi said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis is away in japan on a visit.
in six months all police stations in maharashtra have been connected online, the chief minister who also holds home portfolio, said during an interaction at his official residence in south mumbai.
now firs can be registered online and crimes records in 1.
the acute drought in maharashtra has left farmers disappointed as this is the third time in a row that rains have eluded most parts of the state, he said.
he termed this campaign as 'path breaking' and as one of the three most important things the bjp led government undertook in the last one year in office.
on the affordable housing front, it is the state government's endeavour to give incentive to affordable housing to ensure 2.
5 lakh such houses are built this year, he said.
a new housing policy may be tabled in winter session of state legislature, he said.
the canadian pension fund is putting in around rs 12,000 crore in this sector, he said.
mrityunjay bose, feb 24, 2017, mumbai: dhns: 2:02 istbjp emerges largest party across maharashtraindias biggest civic body of mumbai on thursday recorded a neck-and-neck finish to the municipal elections with the shiv sena and the bjp looking at the mayoral seat following a fractured mandate.
they had contested the polls against each other for the first time in 25 years.
while improving its tally in mumbai, the bjp also made significant gains in the nine municipal corporations, 25 zilla parishads and 283 panchayat samitis, emerging as no.
1 in the civic polls across maharashtra.
in the 227-ward brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) which has a budget of rs 37,052 crore and fixed deposits worth rs 51,000 crore  higher than some states  it was a high-pitched battle between the two parties that are alliance partners at the centre and in the state government.
the shiv sena leads the tally with 84 seats, followed by the bjp (82), congress (31), nationalist congress party (9), maharashtra navnirman sena (7) and others (14).
in the 2012 polls, the shiv sena won 75 seats followed by the congress (52), bjp (31), ncp (7), mns (27), sp (9) and others (32).
in the last two decades, the sena-bjp combine had been constantly in power in mumbai.
a party needs 114 seats to get its mayor elected in mumbai.
with neither the shiv sena nor the bjp making it on its own, several permutations and combinations are now open.
chief minister devendrafadnavis and shiv sena president uddhav thackeray, who led the campaign for their respective parties, preferred to speak with caution on a possible post-poll alliance and claim to the mayoral post.
there is a core committee for this purpose, let them look into it, he said.
we would respect and fulfil the wishes of the people, he said.
when thackeray was asked about it, he said, why are you in a hurry.
.
.
we are the no.
1 party in mumbai.
i am not going to say anything on this today.
pressed for an answer, he said let the mayoral election be declared first.
till then, lets eat sweets.
repeatedly asked whether the next mayor would be from the shiv sena, he said that not only the mumbai mayor, the next chief minister would be from the shiv sena.
though the senas tally is more than that of its former alliance partner in mumbai corporation, bjps mumbai chief ashish shelar said his party had the pre-poll support of some independents.
at this stage, both saffron parties seem to be waiting for the other side to make the first move.
the issue of demonetisation, which was a poll plank of all parties, did not seem to have an impact.
so far results of 1,453 seats of the total 1,509 has been declared and the bjp has won 392 seats.
the ncp has won 336 seats followed by shiv sena 299 and congress 293.
i would like to congratulate chief minister devendrafadnavis and the bjp workers for the tremendous support.
even after demonetisation the people have supported us in this election.
the trust that has been shown by the people is due to the development work done by the bjp government, senior bjp leader and union minister nitin gadkari said.
congress and the raj thackeray-led mns suffered badly in the elections.
however, if shiv sena and bjp do not come together again, these two arties will play an important role.
the bjp is also leading in zilla parishads and panchayat samitis and has emerged as the no 1 party, according to the results declared so far by the state election commission.
mrityunjay bose, mumbai, dh news service, may 31 2017, 18:46 istwith the farmers going on strike, cities like mumbai and pune are likely to face the shortage of vegetables, milk, and fruits in the coming days.
besides, it would also have some impact on other states if it lasts for over a week.
file photo for representationfarmers across maharashtra has threatened a strike starting thursday after talks with chief minister devendrafadnavis on various issues including the long-pending demand of a loan waiver failed.
however, the government is still hopeful of a solution.
we are discussing issues with the farmers.
we are sympathetic to their demands.
we are talking to them.
i am sure we would work out a solution and resolve the issue, minister of state for agriculture, horticulture and marketing said.
with the farmers going on strike, cities like mumbai and pune are likely to face the shortage of vegetables, milk, and fruits in the coming days.
besides, it would also have some impact on other states if it lasts for over a week.
on tuesday night, representatives of the kisan kranti morcha, a state-level coordination committee of various farmers met fadnavis; however, the talks failed.
the farmers at puntamba village in rahata tehsil of ahmednagar district were the first to announce to go in for strike from 1 june.
the farmers' demands include loan waiver, free electricity, the appropriate price for their produce, grant for irrigation and the higher price for milk - and so far it had been largely non-political.
the fadnavis government had not only been the target of the opposition parties - congress and ncp but also its own allies - the uddhav thackeray-led shiv sena and raju shetti-led swabhimani shetkari sangathana.
on tuesday, shetti completed his march from pune to mumbai and called on maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao and apprised him of the situation involving farmers.
mumbai, feb 8, 2016, (pti) 17:32 istrenowned poet and lyricist nida fazli, who penned several soulful compositions like 'kabhie kisi ko mukamil jahan nahi milta', passed away today after he complained of breathlessness at his residence in suburban mumbai.
he was 78.
muqtida hasan nida fazli, popularly known as nida fazli, was a recipient of the sahitya akademi award.
born in delhi in a kashmiri family, fazli did his schooling in gwalior.
during the partition, his parents migrated to pakistan, but fazli decided to stay in india.
he is survived by wife and a daughter.
he complained of breathlessness this morning at around 11 am at his residence.
when we reached the hospital we were informed that he is no more, a relative told pti.
he was just having minor cold and cough.
.
.
he had no medical history as such, so it's shocking for us, he said.
fazli, whose father was also an urdu poet, was known for his elegant presentation and exclusive use of colloquial language for ghazals, nazms and dohas in urdu and hindi.
some of his famous ghazals include kabhie kisi ko mukamil jahan nahi milta, 'aa bhi jaa, aa bhi jaa' (sur), tu is tarah se meri zindagi mein (aap toh aise na they) and 'hosh waalon ko khabar kya' (sarfarosh).
congress president sonia gandhi and party vice president rahul gandhi condoled the the death of the acclaimed poet.
a sahitya akademi and a padma shri awardee, he will be remembered forever for his writings which enthralled an entire generation, sonia said in a condolence message maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said urdu literature has lost a popular figure in fazli's demise.
urdu novelist rahman abbas, who had earlier returned the maharashtra state urdu sahitya academy award as a mark of protest against the dadri lynching incident, said fazli was a bright symbol of indian literature.
i am saddened by the news of demise of nida fazli.
he was very close to me, and i had spoken to him a week ago, abbas told pti.
undoubtedly, his death is a great loss for indian literature and urdu language.
nida fazli was a bright symbol of liberal tradition of our civilisation and culture.
he was a think-tank and a progressive man with great understanding of indian poetry and prose, he said.
coldplay's mumbai gig in crosshairs of cong, ncpmumbai, nov 3, 2016, (pti) 21:35 istopposition congress and ncp in maharashtra today alleged that bjp-led state government was trying to derive a political mileage ahead of local bodies polls from forthcoming concert of british rock band coldplay.
congress mumbai unit president sanjay nirupam called upon state election commissioner j s saharia and demanded that the concert either be postponed in the view of the election code of conduct being in force or given permission after the poll process is completed.
he pointed out to saharia that the state government is a strategic partner in the event, to be held at mmrda ground in suburban mumbai on november 19.
the bjp has invited prime minister narendra modi for the gig.
the election code of conduct is in force in most of the state as polls to municipal councils and nagar panchayats will be held in four phases starting later this month.
the government is an active participant and has invested in the event.
chief minister devendrafadnavis has issued invitations for the event and the global citizen india website also mentions maharashtra government as a strategic partner, nirupam stated in a memorandum.
he alleged that fadnavis, who heads mumbai metropolitan region development authority (mmrda), has granted 75 per cent concession for the gig for use of its ground in the bandra kurla complex (bkc) without any policy decision.
entertainment tax has also been waived, the congress leader said.
he said the government was investing in such events to influence voters during election time.
the government is likely to use the event as a political platform ahead of the elections, nirupam said.
he recalled how the then sena-bjp government had wasted taxpayers' money in a similar fashion for organising pop legend michael jackson's show in mumbai in the 1990s.
nirupam urged the election commission to check if the concessions to the event were given by state government before the poll code came into force.
the coldplay event (should) either be postponed in view of the election code of conduct or given permission after the election process is completed.
otherwise, the commission should ensure that there are no political speeches and that political leaders are not present on the dais, he demanded.
echoing congress' views, ncp spokesman nawab malik said the nda government was planning to use the event for launching the bjp's campaign for brihanmumbai municipal council (bmc) polls, due early next year, by inviting the pm.
concessions being given by mmrda for the event should be withdrawn since it (grating the concessions) was not a policy decision, he said.
nashik, jan 29, 2016 (pti) 14:47 istamid campaigns against ban on women from entering the 'chauthara' of shani shingnapur shrine and certain restrictions for them at haji ali dargah in mumbai, famous trimbakeshwar temple in maharashtra has also come into spotlight for bar on female devotees offering prayers in the inner sanctum.
the ancient temple, located 30 kms from nashik, is a major lord shiva shrine of the country, which has one of the 12 'jyotirlingas', drawing devotees from far and wide.
kailas ghule, a member of the trimbakeshwar temple trust told pti that the bar on entry of women into the 'garbhagriha'- sanctum sanctorum- is an age-old tradition and not something enforced in recent times.
women, however, can have 'darshan' from outside the core area.
he said men too are not allowed into the core worship area for an hour daily between 6-7 am.
as per tradition, only men are allowed entry into the area where the main 'linga' is placed, that too by adorning a specific gear called the sovala (silk clothing).
according to sanjay shikhare, whose family has for long been engaged in performing 'poojas' and rituals at the temple, the ban goes back to the peshwa period.
even during the kumbh mela, many sadhvis offer prayers at trimbakeshwar but from outside the 'garbhagriha', he said.
also, some purohits (priests) in the temple town said most of the women devotees may not want to defy the tradition.
seeking to give a scientific dimension for the practice, they said there are certain rays that concentrate in the core area which could probably be harmful to the health of women.
in december, while the build-up was on for the shani shingnapur campaign, two women - sujata patil and her daughter-in-law poonam - wrote to tdt chairman urmila joshi urging to lift the ban on women in the inner sanctum.
the temple authorities are yet to respond to their demand.
however, joshi has formed a four-member committee to look into the matter and study the reasons behind the 400-year-old ban, said lalita shinde, one of the panel members and the first woman representative of tdt.
the bhumata brigade, a women's outfit spearheading the campaign against the ban on female devotees entering the sacred platform at shani shingnapur temple in ahmednagar district submitted a memorandum to chief minister devendrafadnavis seeking his support to the move, after police foiled their attempt to storm the shrine.
the rights group's high-voltage campaign was stalled on the republic day when police stopped the marchers at supa village, 70 km away from the shrine.
political parties and spiritual gurus across the country have also backed their campaign, with congress saying that it is the pious duty of whole society to support such a move.
a group of muslim women on thursday staged a protest in mumbai demanding entry into a restricted area of the haji ali dargah.
several activists belonging to muslim women rights groups held placards demanding entry for females into the core area of the historic dargah, alleged it was male patriarchy, and not religion, which was imposing restrictions on women.
they also said the practice went against tenets of islam and the indian constitution.
a muslim women's rights group is locked in a legal battle with trustees of the haji ali dargah, which has barred women's entry into mosque's mausoleum.
a petition challenging the haji ali trust's decision to ban the entry of women in the sanctum sanctorum of the dargah (grave of a male muslim saint) is pending before the bombay high court.
on january 18, the hc said it would wait for the supreme court's ruling on entry of women in sabarimala temple of kerala before deciding on the plea related to the dargah.
at sabarimala, which attracts millions of devotees during the peak pilgrim season in november to january, women of menstrual age are not allowed to go up the holy hillock and worship.
a few years back, a huge controversy erupted after a kannada film actress claimed that she had worshipped at the hillshrine in the prime of her youth.
no differences with ruling-bjp, says sena chief uddhavmumbai, feb 2, 2015, (pti) 14:58 istamid reports of a rift between the ruling parties in maharashtra, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today said there are no differences with the bjp and they are only working towards fulfilling their electoral promises.
there are no differences (with bjp) at all.
our only aim is to implement what we told people before the state assembly election.
we will keep working towards achieving our goals, he said.
the saffron party president was addressing a gathering here on the sidelines of inaugurating shiv arogya telemedicine service for patients in remote areas of the state.
he said chief minister devendrafadnavis is supportive towards the initiative and that he will extend all help and co-operation from his end.
under the service, which was part of a pre-poll 'vision document' released by sena, patients in remote areas will have access to latest medical technology and will get assistance from noted doctors through the tele medicine service.
internet and telephone will be extensively used as a part of this initiative to deliver treatment to patients.
critical medical reports like x-ray, mri, ecg, 2d echo will now be available for viewing on large screen to well known doctors and specialists, based in mumbai.
this will enable patients to avail expertise of the doctors without having to leave their areas, state health minister dr deepak sawant said.
he added that a test run of this initiative has been already done in remote areas of dahanu and chandrapur in the last 10 days.
the success of this test run has led to widening the reach of this service to extremely remote locations like gadchiroli, melghat, mokhada, etc.
a base of 25 doctors has been set up in mumbai, comprising cardiologists, ent specialists, onco surgeons, paediatricians and gynaecologists, sawant said.
v-sat technology has been set up for this purpose that allows uninterrupted connectivity to remote areas, sawant added.
experience as royals mentor will help in coaching: dravidmumbai, june 11, 2015 (ians) 14:28 istformer india cricket captain rahul dravid said the experience he gathered during his stint as mentor of indian premier league (ipl) side rajasthan royals will come handy when he starts coaching the india a and under-19 teams.
the stint with royals as mentor will definitely help me.
the fact that i have spent a couple of years at royals in the role of a mentor, i have seen the other side of what the sport is, dravid, who was present as a chief guest at the convocation of international institute of sports management along with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , said.
the batting legend was appointed mentor of royals in 2014.
i have always seen it as a player and i have spent many years as a player.
the couple of years that i spent outside in the management and the coaching side of things, there is a lot of learning that you get all the time, and the more you do, the more and the better you get.
it is like playing.
i am looking forward to it.
dravid, who scored 24,177 runs across all formats of the game, stressed that he is not interested to coach the india senior team, adding that team director ravi shastri and his group is doing a good job.
i am not thinking about it.
i am only focussed on the india a and the india u-19 coaching jobs at the moment.
ravi and his team are doing a fantastic job with india and long it may continue.
i have no aspirations to go up to that level at the moment, he said.
the 42-year-old said his job will be to help players get to the next level and not look into team selection.
the selectors and the senior team management generally have a vision as to what sort of players they are looking to pick.
sometimes you pick young players in india a, sometimes you pick players who are looking to make a comeback and want to push for the national team, he said.
i see my job as coaching the players they have selected and not in selection.
my job is to coach and try to help them to get to the next level.
i don't think you need to teach india a players how to play, they all know how to bat and bowl and they are there because they are successful, dravid concluded.
implement srikrishna panel report on 1992-93 riots: azmimumbai, aug 3, 2015, (pti) 20:58 istin the wake of the execution of 1993 mumbai bomb blasts convict yakub memon last week, samajwadi party leader abu azmi has written a letter to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis demanding swift action on the findings of the srikrishna commission.
the decision to hang yakub for his involvement in the mumbai bomb blasts was taken by the supreme court and we respect its decision, azmi, maharashtra unit chief of sp, said in the letter.
just as the maharashtra government was swift in implementing the sc's decision, it should act fast in giving justice to the victims of the mumbai communal riots (between december 1992 and january 1993) as well.
we expect the government to take swift action on the findings of justice b n srikrishna in his report, he added.
quoting the srikrishna panel report, azmi said that around 900 people had lost their lives in the communal clashes and most of them were from the minority community.
page number 47 of the report of justice srikrishna commission clearly states that a senior ips officer had then admitted that the communal riots of 1992-93 were a result of the demolition of the babri masjid in ayodhya.
thus, if the perpetrator of the 1993 bomb blasts is given a death sentence, and those responsible for the communal riots are not punished, people whose families have lost their lives in the communal riots and whose properties were destroyed, feel that the government is doing injustice to them, the letter stated.
he further stated that the publicity and the marketing gimmicks of the centre and the state government in the hanging of memon has reopened old wounds of those affected by communal riots, as thousands were killed and property worth crores (of rupees) was destroyed.
the samajwadi party believes that the previous congress-ncp government is responsible for not implementing the findings of the srikrishna report.
but even your government has not taken any steps towards the implementation of the findings, azmi stated.
the srikrishna commission was set up by the state government to probe incidents of widespread rioting between december 1992 and january 1993 and damage and loss to the city during that period.
one of the terms of reference for the commission was to see if the riots and the blasts were linked.
maharashtra water enters chikkodi talukchikkodi, apr 15, 2016, dhns: 1:56 istwater released from the sulkod barrage in maharashtra entered the state and joined river doodhganga near eksamba town in chikkodi taluk on thursday.
according to the agreement with maharashtra on sharing of doodhganga waters, water release from sulkod barrage began on april 5 and 432 mcft water was released into the river so far.
water reached eksamba after crossing mangur, karadga, sadalga, borgaon and mallikwad villages in chikkodi.
water would be released till april 15, sources in the karnataka niravari nigam said.
the taluk administration has cut power supply to irrigation pumpsets along the river to ensure water released was not used for irrigation.
farmers in karnataka complain that water was being drawn for irrigation in maharashtra, resulting in reduced flow into the river.
with maharashtra releasing water from kalammawadi dam in a phased manner, villages along doodhganga are getting water.
however, raibag and athani taluks are deprived of water since the flow in doodhganga is not enough to cross the krishna riverbed.
elected representatives had recently urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to release water from koyna dam into river krishna to meet drinking water needs of villages in belagavi, vijayapura and bagalkot districts.
maharashtra makes u-turn on animal slaughtermumbai, april 08, 2015, dhns 23:09 istcm says no plan to ban goat meata day after the maharashtra government indicated in the bombay high court that it was contemplating a ban on slaughter of other animals other than cows, it took a u-turn with chief minister devendrafadnavis clarifying that there was no such plans.
on monday, during the hearing of a bunch of petitions, a division bench of the bombay high court comprising justice v m kanade and justice a r joshi, wanted to know, why has the state banned only cows, bulls and bullocks?
what about other animals like goat?
to which advocate-general sunil manohar said, this is just the start (banning of cows, bulls and bullocks).
we may consider banning slaughter of other animals too.
as of now the state felt it was necessary to protect cows, bulls and bullocks.
the statement sparked off a controversy with users of social media like facebook and twitter slamming the government for attempting to ban goat meat, pork and slaughter of other animals whose meat is consumed.
fears were also allayed that fish could able be banned.
on tuesday, the controversy forced the chief minister to make a statement following a query by shiv sena mla sunil prabhu.
i have spoken to the advocate-general and he informed me that he never said such thing in the court.
the newspapers have put it wrongly.
i want to clarify that the state government is not of the opinion to ban slaughter of goats, he said.
mumbai, dhns: a video of some police accompanying purported miscreants during the communal riots, which occurred on friday and saturday, in the aurangabad city has gone viral on social media.
while there is no immediate confirmation on whether the video is of the aurangabad riots, which has claimed 2 lives and injured over 50 others, police have ordered a probe into it.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, has stated that the miscreants behind the communal riots would not be spared.
special inspector general of police of aurangabad range milind bharambe has ordered a probe into the video.
the maharashtra government has asked additional director general of police (law & order) bipin bihari to look into the issue.
two persons  a 65-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy  were killed in the clashes between two communities which started over illegal water connections in the city.
meanwhile, the situation in the historic town has returned to normalcy.
the situation is absolutely under control, bharambe said, adding that seven companies of state reserve police force and one company of riot control police are deployed.
he confirmed that there has been two deaths.
one died in the firing of plastic bullets and another by falling off a slab, he said, adding that some police officers and men have been injured.
one police officer is in critical condition, he added.
three firs have been filed a number of people have been detained.
arrests would be made post verification, he said.
meanwhile, senior ncp leader and former deputy chief minister ajit pawar said that the incident reflects the functioning of the home department.
time and again, we have stressed on the need to have a full-fledged home minister, he said, adding that also an important city like aurangabad has an officer, who is officiating as the commissioner and not a full-fledged commissioner.
the shiv sena, which is an ally of the bjp, said that the riots seem to be pre-planned.
it is clear that the riots were communal and not some clashes between two groups.
the way petrol bombs were used within the first 15 minutes of riots is enough to conclude that it was a pre-planned attack, said editorials in party mouthpieces saamana and dophar ka saamana.
mumbai, jun 19, 2015 (pti) 20:20 istheavy rains pummelled mumbai and its suburbs in which two persons died of electrocution and bringing normal life to a grinding halt today with several areas waterlogged and local train services cancelled leaving thousands of commuters stranded.
as civic authorities described the rainfall in the country's financial capital as unprecedented, they said 283 mm of rain, which is normally received in 10 days, was witnessed in just 24 hours.
mithi river is around the danger mark, according to yuva sena chief aditya thackeray.
educational institutions were shut and government and private offices reported thin attendance.
the bombay high court and other courts were also shut.
the city has witnessed unprecedented rainfall in the last 24 hours, more than that the city usually receives in 10 days.
mumbai witnessed 283 mm of rain in 24 hours, the city's municipal commissioner ajoy mehta told reporters.
of the total annual average rainfall mumbai witnesses, 10 percent of it has been received in 24 hours, which usually takes 10 days, he added.
there seems to be no let up in the situation with the meteorological department predicting heavy to very heavy rainfall in the next 24 hours.
according to an official of brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) disaster management unit, a five-year-old boy and a 60-year-old woman died of electrocution in wadala in central mumbai.
the airport was operational but flight operations at the city airport were delayed by up to 45 minutes and three services had to be diverted due to incessant rain that has been lashing the financial capital since late last evening.
there was also massive disruption of vehicular traffic with waist-high waterlogging being reported in several ares.
the rainwater also entered several homes.
mehta said today's high tide witnessed in the city was of more than 3 metres high and mumbai is likely to witness high tides of more than 4 metres, one at about 2 am and another at about 3:10 pm tomorrow.
since there is heavy rainfall along with a high tide expected tomorrow, people should stay away from the seas and ensure that they do not walk on the promenade.
also, before leaving their homes, people should make sure that the route they plan to take is safe for travel, he said.
the rains caused water-logging in almost all low-lying areas of mumbai and its suburbs including kurla, chembur, tilak nagar, andheri, parel, lower parel, thane, navi mumbai and dombivili.
the heavy rains also forced shiv sena to cancel its foundation day event.
while central railway services still remain cancelled, the western railway has partially resumed services on a limited stretch between andheri and virar.
thousands of commuters leaving for offices were caught unaware on reaching the suburban railway stations as trains were being cancelled due to water-logging of tracks following heavy downpour since last night.
chief minister devendrafadnavis appealed to people to venture out only if required and asked them to stay away from seafronts during high tide slots as it can prove fatal.
after taking stock of the situation at bmc disaster management cell, he also suggested to the public to refer to advisories being issued by the civic body on an hourly-basis before leaving home.
narrating his ordeal, nalasopara resident atul panday, an executive working with alkem laboratories said, normally, it takes me 50 minutes to reach andheri from nalasopara, but today it took around two hours.
owaisi demands quota for backward muslims in maharashtranagpur, mar 1, 2015, (pti) 14:51 istall india majlis ittehad ul muslimeen (aimim) chief asaduddin owaisi today demanded reservation for backward muslims in government jobs and educational institutes in maharashtra.
mr prime minister, in your speech in parliament, you referred to your vision of 'sabka sath sabka vikas' (together with all, development for all).
therefore, you (pm) should pick up the phone and tell maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to extend the benefit of quota to backward muslims so as to improve their living conditions, he said.
the 45-year-old lok sabha mp from hyderabad was addressing a public gathering here last night.
braving unseasonal drizzle, a large number of people attended the rally, owaisi's first in nagpur, which headquarters rss.
claiming that injustice has been done to muslims in maharashtra, owaisi blamed the over 50 years of rule of congress at the centre and congress-ncp and shiv sena-bjp administrations in the state for the prevailing backwardness among the minority community members.
quoting figures from sachchar committee and a number of other panels and also minorities commission, he painted a grim picture of the living conditions of muslims across maharashtra and said they lack access to even basic amenities.
he said education level among muslim children and youth was abysmally low.
in this backdrop, why is the state denying the socially, educationally and economically backward giving what is their due?
owaisi asked.
the current bjp-sena government refused to introduce a bill in the last winter session of assembly to replace an ordinance brought by the erstwhile congress-ncp administration on muslim reservation in jobs and education, he said.
i am always accused of making communal statements and controversial remarks.
but i am the one who calls spade a spade.
why don't those accusing me of being intemperate ponder over the serious issues i raise?
he asked.
let the rss bosses here get the message loud and clear - i will not sit quiet till this demand of reservation for muslims is accepted, asserted owaisi.
he ridiculed suggestions that the hyderabad-based aimim, which won two assembly seats in maharashtra in last assembly election, was a 'bjp creation' to wean away muslims and dalits from the congress party.
owaisi maintained he was against the ideology of hindutva, but not against hindus.
rakesh maria gets a breathermumbai, june 25, 2015, dhns: 1:48 istmumbai police commissioner rakesh maria, who has been embroiled in a raging controversy over meeting former ipl boss lalit modi in london in june 2014, on wednesday night got a much-needed breather from maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who virtually gave him a clean chit.
prima facie explanation of cp mr. maria appears satisfactory.
however, some points need further elaboration, have asked acs to look into it, fadnavis tweeted on wednesday night.
maria had met fadnavis to explain his side of the story and also met additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi, to whom he reports on a regular basis.
the bureaucrat has examined the version of maria and forwarded the file to the chief minister.
on wednesday, he also got a support from the shiv sena, which is a key partner of the bjp at the centre and in the state government.
the shiv sena support comes a day after the congress mounted attack on him and three days after ncp chief and former bcci president sharad pawar commenting  anyone can meet anyone abroad, politics shouldnt be brought into this.
.
rakesh maria has done a very good job as commissioner and as chief of anti-terrorism squad.
.
.
.
the shiv sena is fully with him.
.
.
.
you can't have different yardsticks for politicians and others, shiv sena spokesperson and rajya sabha member sanjay raut said.
politics is being played over who lalit modi met in the past five to 10 years.
firstly, it was a union minister (sushma swaraj), then a chief minister (vasundhara raje of rajasthan), and now mumbais powerful police chief.
a nonsensical attempt is being made to drag him into the dock, the sena said in an editorial in its marathi mouthpiece saamana and hindi tabloid dophar ka saamana.
former chief minister prithviraj chavan had distanced himself from the issue saying that he was not informed about the meeting  either before or after  and such visits were cleared by the home minister, the post then held by late r r patil of the ncp.
the sena hit back, if maria informed the then home minister and not chavan, it did not really matter as there were many other shady affairs happening then about which chavan was informed.
veteran congressman and leader of the opposition in the maharashtra legislative assembly r vikhe patil demanded suspension of maria.
report on maria-lalit modi meet submitted, cong slams top copmumbai, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 20:03 istmaharashtra additional chief secretary k p bakshi today submitted his report on mumbai police chief rakesh maria's meeting with tainted ex-ipl boss lalit modi to chief minister devendrafadnavis , based on which the government is soon expected to take a decision.
acs (home) k p bakshi has just submitted his report to devendra fadnavis.
the chief minister will receive the file within the next couple of hours.
after going through the report, the chief minister will not take much time to arrive at a decision, a senior home department official privy to the matter told pti this evening.
the official insisted that all rumours about maria's resignation or transfer are completely baseless.
turning heat on the government on the issue, opposition congress dubbed the conduct of maria as inappropriate and demanded his resignation or suspension.
maria's response given yesterday is being studied by acs (home) k p bakshi.
maria, appointed to the top post when congress-ncp government was in power in maharashtra, submitted the information sought by the chief minister to bakshi last evening.
on saturday, after a news channel aired a photograph purportedly featuring maria with lalit modi, the mumbai police chief had admitted that he had indeed met the ex-ipl boss at the insistence of the latter's lawyer in london last year.
during the meeting, lalit modi sought the help of mumbai police in view of threat to his life by the underworld in london, maria said, adding he had apprised the then home minister (late r r patil of ncp) about the meeting soon after return.
lalit modi, who is facing probe by enforcement directorate, is in news following revelations that external affairs minister sushma swaraj helped him get a travel document in london.
meanwhile, opposition congress accused maria of inappropriate conduct in meeting lalit modi, who is facing charges of financial irregularities and is currently under ed scanner.
former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan, who has earlier said he was not briefed by maria of the meeting which happened during his tenure, said the senior ips officer was guilty of inappropriate conduct.
maria should reveal who asked him to meet lalit modi.
has he informed chief minister devendrafadnavis in his response?
it is up to the chief minister to take a call now, chavan said.
leader of opposition in the assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil of congress said: maria should quit his post or be suspended from service.
it was saddening to hear maria saying he had informed late r r patil, who was the home minister then.
patil is no more.
this does not behove well for a top ranking police officer as it is an administrative matter.
had maria given in writing to the then acs (home) about his meeting with lalit modi?
later, the acs (home) should have communicated in writing to the home minister about it, he maintained.
meanwhile, maria and bakshi, among other officers, attended a high-level meeting presided over by fadnavis to review security situation in maharashtra this evening.
hema malini accused of 'land-grabbing' for dance schoolmumbai, jan 28, 2016, ians: 21:03 istbollywood dreamgirl hema malini's plans to start a dance academy on a plot of land in mumbai's andheri area hit a roadblock on thursday, as an rti activist accused her of land-grabbing.
exactly a month ago, the maharashtra government had allotted a prime 2,000-square-metre plot to the bharatiya janata party lok sabha member in the suburban upmarket oshiwara area for her proposed dance academy.
according to documents procured under the right to information (rti) by activist anil galgali, hema malini was allotted the plot worth crores of rupees for a paltry rs.70,000.
not only that, this is the second time hema malini has been allotted a prime plot in the mumbai suburbs.
earlier, in 1997, the (then) shiv sena-bjp government had given her a plot of land, but she could not develop it due to crz (coastal regulation zone) issues, galgali told ians.
he claimed that though hema malini has not yet returned the earlier plot, the current government has allotted her another plot.
interestingly, congress rajya sabha member rajeev shukla was allotted a plot in andheri west, but following a controversy generated by then opposition bjp-shiv sena, he was forced to surrender it in february 2014 -- just before the lok sabha elections.
the details of the allotment to hema malini from the mumbai suburban district collectorate showed that she was given the land at only rs.35 per square metre.
moreover, she was allotted another plot of 1,741 square metres in the same locality in april 1997 for rs.10 lakh, but since it fell partly under crz, she never developed it, nor did she raise 25 percent of the project cost, but continues to retain that plot, galgali said.
in the new allotment, the hema malini dance academy's cultural complex project is expected to cost around rs.18.
49 crore for which she is yet to submit proof of availability of 25 percent funds and resources to raise the balance 75 percent.
the rti reply said the academy has only around rs.3.
5 crore -- less than the 25 percent minimum requirement, and it was unclear about the balance 75 percent.
galgali has shot off a letter to chief minister devendrafadnavis pointing out the governement's 'benevolence' to hema malini, and how it was flouting the state's policy of taking back reserved land given to various organisations, but allotting a plot reserved for a garden to the bjp mp for her dance academy.
when revenue minister eknath khadse made the allotment on december 29, 2015, hema had said how the matter had been buried in bureaucratic red tape for 20 years, but the new government expedited it in record time.
new delhi, feb 24, 2017, dhns: 1:57 istchief minister devendrafadnavis on thursday lived up to the bjps poster boy image as the party managed to put up a neck-and-neck fight with ally shiv sena in mumbai.
with favourable results in his maiden electoral test, fadnavis has strengthened his position in the party in maharashtra.
the chief minister attributed the victory to bjps transparent politics and the leadership of prime minister narendra modi.
bjp national president amit shah congratulated fadnavis on the unprecedented success.
the bjp is now set to nail shiva senas acerbic campaign against its government in the state and the centre.
the party leaders said their decision to go it alone proved right and the result will strengthen their political call to charter an independent course to contain a recalcitrant ally in maharastra.
though state bjp leaders said that the sena and bjp will share power in bmc, the central leadership hinted that it will flaunt its new-found strength to humble the coalition partner even if it joins hands at the civic level as it did after the assembly polls.
ioc,bpcl,hpcl to invest rs 1.
5l cr to set up biggest refinerynew delhi, jan 26, 2016 (pti) 15:47 istpublic sector oil firms ioc, bpcl, hpcl and eil will invest rs 1.
5 lakh crore in setting india's biggest refinery on the west coast, oil minister dharmendra pradhan said.
indian oil corp, the nation's biggest refiner, will build a 60-million tonne a year oil refinery in maharashtra along with bharat petroleum corp ltd (bpcl), hindustan petroleum corp ltd (hpcl) and engineers india ltd (eil), pradhan said in a twitter post.
refinery to be built in 2 phases (40+20 million tonnes); 1st phase will have more than rs 1 lakh crore investment (biggest in india), he said.
ioc has been looking at west coast for a refinery as catering to customers in west and south was difficult with its refineries mostly in the north.
hpcl and bpcl have also been looking at a bigger refinery because of constraints they face at their mumbai units.
the refinery will produce petrol, diesel, lpg, atf and feedstock for petrochemical plants in plastic, chemical and textile industries in maharashtra, said pradhan, who discussed the setting up of the refinery with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai yesterday.
govt of maharashtra and ministry of petroleum and natural gas will closely work for early identification of land for refinery and finalisation of details of project, he added.
fifteen million tonnes a year is the biggest refinery any public sector unit has set up in one stage.
ioc recently started its 15 million tonnes unit at paradip in odisha.
reliance industries holds the distinction of building the biggest refinery in india till now.
it built its first refinery at jamnagar in gujarat with a capacity of 27 million tonnes, which was subsequently expanded to 33 million tonnes.
it has built another unit adjacent to it for exports, with a capacity of 29 million tonnes.
the refinery being planned by the state-owned firms will be bigger than that.
the phase-1 itself will be bigger than any one single unit.
it will cost rs 2,500 crore per million tonnes and for the full 60 million tonnes it will cost rs 1.
5 lakh crore.
it will also be accompanied by a petrochemical complex.
being on the west coast will provide the unit a natural advantage of easily sourcing crude oil from the middle-east and africa, officials said.
also, moving products to consumption heartland will not be difficult.
ioc has six refineries with a total capacity of 54.
20 million tonnes.
it also has subsidiary refineries with 11.
50 million tonnes capacity.
paradip has taken its refining capacity to 80.
7 million tonnes.
church vandalised in mp,culprits in maha attack still at largejabalpur/mumbai, mar 22, 2015 (pti): 19:03 ista cathedral premises and a catholic school where people had gathered for a religious convention were vandalised allegedly by hindu activists at jabalpur in madhya pradesh, the second incident to come to light after yesterday's attack on a church in neighbouring maharashtra, drawing outrage from the christian community.
no arrests have been made so far in connection with the jabalpur incident which took place on march 20 and the wee hours of march 21, when some members of the christian community were allegedly assaulted and threatened by members of bajrang dal and dharam sena who attacked the school and a parsonage alleging that religious conversion had been taking place there.
there was also no breakthrough in the probe into the church attack in new panvel area in navi mumbai though police were grilling some suspects.
the cctv footage showed that the attack was carried out by two masked persons who were riding pillion on a motorcycle at around 1.
30 am yesterday when they hurled stones at the saint george catholic church located near a bridge in new panvel.
there are no eyewitnesses to the incident and the scanning of cctv footage has also not thrown up any substantial leads to identity the attackers, police said.
in jabalpur, police booked a leader of dharma sena and some others but church authorities questioned the delay in arresting the culprits.
dharma sena leader yogesh agrawal and raju rai and a few others have been booked under relevant sections of the indian penal code and efforts are on to track down and arrest them, jabalpur superintendent of police hc mishra told pti today.
the church authorities alleged that the miscreants stormed into the cathedral premises and a school housing a grotto with st mary's idol.
they broke earthen pots and and shattered glass panes of windows of the parsonage, accusing father thankachan jose of converting the hindus to christianity.
ravi francis, claiming to be a witness, said he was roughed up by dharma sena and bajrang dal activists who stormed into saint thomas school campus, where some people who came for a convention were staying.
though fr thankachan and police officials held talks with leaders of the hindu outfits to ease the situation, some of them stormed into the premises and started abusing them, he alleged.
police sought to chase them from the campus but they refused to give in and marched to the nearby saint peter and paul cathedral where the first day of the convention was held.
they then barged into the cathedral premises shouting 'jai shree ram' and demanded that fr thankachan be handed over to them.
as they could not find him there, they vandalised the parsonage, close to the cathedral, francis said.
though our constitution guarantees freedom of religion, it is being violated openly, fr thankachan said, adding that the church had given to police the cctv footage of the incident.
congress leader manish tewari slammed the attacks as part of an orchestrated campaign and a conspiracy by the right wing to terrorise the minorities.
the nationalist congress party demanded that the governments at the centre and in the states take serious note of such mischievous activities which damage the democratic fabric of the country.
archbishop of goa rev filipe nery ferrao said the christian community felt intimidated and unsafe in the wake of the attacks.
referring to the attacks on churches and the vhp's ghar wapsi, the archbishop said, it is an undeniable fact that christians feel intimidated and unsafe in many parts of the country due to the ongoing incidents that pose a big threat to the unity of this secular nation.
the incidents come close on the heels of an under- construction church in kaimri village near hisar in haryana being vandalised by a group, triggering tension in the area.
earlier, after a string of church attacks in the national capital, prime minister narendra modi had assured at a religious congregation that his government will not allow any religious group to incite hatred and will strongly act against any religious violence.
the prime minister, who has been accused by opposition and christian groups of turning a blind eye to such attacks on five churches and a christian school in delhi, had said his government gives equal respect to all religions.
meanwhile, jabalpur ig of police d sriniwas rao told pti that those indulging in unlawful activities would not be spared.
we are going to arrest the accused soon, he added.
narrating the incident, francis claimed the episode ended only after a large police contingent was deployed around the premises.
they came to the cathedral premises around 9 pm on march 20.
they created such a scare that we had to hide ourselves till 4 am of march 21, by when a large contingent of police had been deployed around the campus, he said.
security has been stepped up at religious places in navi mumbai after yesterday's attack.
we are questioning several people on grounds of suspicion of their involvement in the crime.
however, we are yet to lay our hands on concrete clues, assistant police commissioner s b suryavanshi said.
asked about clues from the cctv footage, he said, the attackers covered their faces.
there is nothing much to get from the cctv.
however, offences have been registered against the unidentified men under sections 295 (injuring or defiling place of worship with intent to insult the religion of any class) and 427 (mischief) of the ipc, police said.
the church was built in 2007 and can accommodate over 800 people for prayer.
the masked miscreants, who came on a motorcycle in the wee hours yesterday, hurled stones at the saint george catholic church of the syro malabar hierarchy, damaging the glass case of the statue of saint george.
hockey india donates rs 10 lakh in aid of drought victimsnew delhi, apr 13, 2016 (pti) 19:30 istexpressing concern at the severe drought situation in parts of maharashtra, hockey india today announced a donation of rs 10 lakh for the people affected by the calamity.
hi said it's donating rs 10 lakh to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in its attempt to offer a helping hand to fight the severe drought in the state.
the state of maharashtra is reeling under the worst drought of the century badly affecting farmers.
in an attempt to offer a helping hand to the drought affected areas, hockey india is donating rs. 10.
00 lakhs to chief minister, shri devendrafadnavis , hockey india said in a release.
the horrible drought that has struck marathwada and vidarbha has left many families in the rural regions in a miserable state.
there is not enough drinking water for people living in the region.
the farmers in the region have been adversely impacted by the drought that has destroyed the most of the crops, it added.
expressing his concern at the current situation in maharashtra, hockey india secretary general mohd.
mushtaque ahmad said, this is a heart-wrenching tragedy that has fell upon maharashtra, we just want to fulfill our responsibility to bring relief to the farmers of the state in every way possible.
this is the time when everyone should step up and extend full support to our fellow citizens in this calamity.
there has been considerable loss to the farmers community, our contribution is a small gesture of support to help them recover.
mumbai, aug 18, 2015 (pti) 21:15 istopposition congress today claimed that over a lakh commuters have supported their protest against the proposed fare hike for the mumbai metro by signing petitions.
the mumbai congress had started the three-day-long protest on august 16 at all the 12 metro stations here on the versova to ghatkopar corridor, demanding immediate roll back of the proposed hike.
congress mla and former maharashtra minister naseem khan, who led the protest, claimed, by this evening over one lakh commuters including students, businessmen, women came forward and signed the petition seeking immediate roll back of any proposed hike.
the petitions would be submitted to the representatives of the centre and state government and to the maharashtra governor, he said.
addressing a gathering outside ghatkopar station, khan said, metro had to fix the fares between rs 9 and rs 13 and as soon as we (congress-ncp) were out of power, the fares went up to rs 40.
now metro has been allowed to hike its fare upto rs 110, which is highest all over the world.
the fare slab of rs 10 to 40 is already unaffordable (to commuters) and the way metro's operator want the hike, it would amount to no less than a loot, he alleged.
the supreme court had recently allowed the operator of mumbai's metro railway to implement the recommendation of the fare fixation committee (ffc) for a fare band of rs 10-110.
on the mumbai metro controversy, anil ambani-led reliance infrastructure's (rinfra) chief executive officer m s mehta had recently said, we have approached the maharashtra government to consider our proposal for arriving at some solution to ensure that commuters are not affected by the tariff hike as proposed by the fare fixation committee of rs 10 to rs 110 for the 11 km metro corridor.
we have prepared a composite proposal and submitted to the government mentioning what steps can be taken to ensure our capital cost is recovered and how productive it becomes for the government and there is no burden on commuters, he said.
hooch tragedy: supplier held in delhi, govt orders probemumbai, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 17:41 istin a breakthrough into the worst-ever hooch tragedy in mumbai that has so far claimed 102 lives and rendered over 40 people ill, police have tracked down and arrested one of the main suppliers of the killer brew in delhi today while the maharashtra government has ordered a chief secretary-headed probe into the case.
atiq, whom police had narrowed down as a main supplier of the spurious liquor, was arrested in delhi with the help of the local police there, mumbai joint commissioner of police (crime) atulchandra kulkarni, said.
we have got him (atiq) after a joint operation with the delhi police, kulkarni told pti.
nearly a week after the tragedy struck a working class area in malwani, excise minister eknath khadse after a cabinet meeting today told reporters that the probe would be conducted by chief secretary swadheen kshatriya.
the government has ordered a probe under the chief secretary to enquire into the deaths caused in the unfortunate malwani hooch tragedy and submit the report within three months, khadse said.
rattled by the tragedy, which hit the laxmi nagar slum in suburban malwani on wednesday night, the government was also mulling to bring in a harsher law to deal with bootlegging to ensure that those arrested for distilling and selling illicit liquor do not get bail for at least one year after their arrest.
blaming the bjp-led state government's lapses for the tragedy, opposition congress has already demanded the resignation of chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio.
meanwhile, police and excise personnel carried out extensive raids in suburban areas of mumbai from where the illicit liquor is mostly sourced by bootleggers to be supplied to slums in the city.
mumbai, nov 21, 2015 (pti) 18:10 istwith questions being raised on the alleged botch-up of the sheena bora murder case by raigad police in 2012, the maharashtra government has asked state dgp to submit a fresh report on it within 15 days and sought to know why no fir was filed after the victim's body was found.
in a related development, cbi today continued to grill former media magnate peter mukerjea, who was arrested on thursday and charged with murder, criminal nspiracy, destroying evidence and lying to protect his wife indrani, at the agency's office in south mumbai where he is being kept, sources said.
peter, husband of indrani, was remanded to cbi custody till november 23 by a magistrate court yesterday.
peter's son rahul, who was in a relationship with sheena, said the charges against his father were outrageous.
sheena bora was allegedly murdered by her mother indrani mukerjea, her former husband sanjeev khanna and former driver shyamvar rai here in april 2012.
the body of the 24-year-old was dumped at a forest in raigad district.
dissatisfied with one-page report submitted by former dgp sanjeev dayal on the action taken against the raidgad police in 2012, the state government directed director general of police pravin dixit to submit a fresh report.
the state government has ordered a probe as to why the police had not filed an fir or an adr (accidental death report) when sheena's body was first found at a forest in pen taluka of maharashtra's raigad district on may 23, 2012.
the last dg (dayal) submitted a one-page report to us, but i was not satisfied with it.
i said supporting documents will be needed to take action against a senior police officer, additional chief secretary (home) k p bakshi told pti.
the incumbent dgp (dixit) has been given the responsibility of submitting a fresh report with corresponding documents now.
we are expecting a report within the next 15 days, bakshi said.
refuting media reports on the alleged involvement of a senior police officer in delaying the sheena murder probe, bakshi had earlier said the government had received no official communication from the cbi on the issue.
the state government, within two days of transferring the probe to the investigating agency, ensured that it gets all the logistical support it needs, he said.
the government's assistance to cbi on the directions of chief minister devendrafadnavis and their swiftness in taking the case forward led to the premier investigation agency filing the charge sheet before time, he said.
however, bakshi refused to comment when asked if peter would have escaped the clutches of law had the case not been transferred to the cbi.
rahul said, charges against him (peter) are absolutely outrageous, as he emerged from the cbi office in south mumbai, where he spent last night after requesting the sleuths to let him do so.
rahul had yesterday said that peter's arrest had come as a shock for him.
i don't believe he knew (anything about the murder.
.
otherwise i wouldn't be here, he told reporters outside a court.
the probe agency had also told the magistrate court that peter was in continuous conversation with indrani prior to, during and after the gruesome murder.
suggesting a financial angle to her murder in april 2012, the charge sheet said fear of sheena inheriting the entire property of indrani and her husband in the event of the victim's marriage to rahul was the prime motive for indrani to do away with her daughter.
indrani, who was said to have a soft corner for vidhie, her daughter by former husband and co-accused sanjeev khanna, feared that the entire property might go to sheena and rahul if they were married, the charge sheet said.
in this context, the charge sheet added, she planned a conspiracy with khanna and her driver shyam rai to kill sheena bora.
the probe agency told the court that rahul had recorded his conversation with peter in which his father told him that he has spoken to sheena and she was in the us at a time when she was already dead.
mrutyunjay bose, dh news service, mumbai, jun 12 2017, 1:10 istthe maharashtra government on sunday announced a loan waiver for farmers after which cultivators called off their 11-day long strike.
talks were held between a high-powered committee and leaders and representatives of various farmers organisations.
the representatives agreed to most of the demands including an immediate loan waiver for small and marginal farmers.
after mutual consultations, july 25 was set as deadline to implement all the demands.
discussions between the government of maharashtra and representatives of farmers reached a consensus.
farmers have called off the strikegovernment agrees for loan waiver for farmers, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis tweeted.
joint committeeat the meeting of the six-member high-powered committee, it was decided that a joint committee would be formed to oversee the implementation of the package.
we have given an in-principle approval for loan waiver for all farmers with certain conditions, patil said.
however, loans of small and marginal farmers have been written off with immediate effect and they shall be entitled to get fresh agricultural loans from monday, he said.
govt warnedshetti, however, made it clear that in case the july 25 deadline is not met, the agitation would start from july 26 and would be much severe than what was witnessed over the last two weeks.
it was also decided that the chief minister would lead a delegation of farmer leaders and experts to the prime minister to discuss the implementation of the ms swaminathan committee recommendations.
the extent of loan waiver in terms of its impact on the state exchequer was not immediately known.
the government has agreed to hike the prices of milk and milk cooperatives will have to share profits in the ratio of 70:30 on the lines of the sugar cooperatives.
a majority of the cases filed against farmers during the past 11 days of strike shall also be withdrawn, said kadu.
he thanked the government for listening to the problems of the farmers.
when his attention was drawn to his statement that he would bomb the chief ministers residence if the loan waiver was not announced, he said: now sutli bomb would be burst across the state to thank the chief minister.
maharashtra withdraws circular on seditionmumbai: oct 28, 2015, dhns 0:53 istbombay hc had restrained government orderamid mounting pressure by opposition parties, criticism by mediapersons, writers and intellectuals, the bjp-shiv sena government in maharashtra has withdrawn its controversial august 27 circular vis-a-vis section 124 of indian penal code, that covers sedition.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who also holds the home portfolio, in a recent meeting with officials at mantralaya, has decided to withdraw the circular, advocate general srihari aney on tuesday told a division bench of the bombay high court comprising justice v m kanade and justice shalini phansalkar joshi.
when justice kanade sought to know how the circular was issued, aney said the state government would conduct an exercise to find out how this happened and how the circular came to be issued.
however, aney did not mention whether the government proposes to come out with another circular.
the circular had triggered a row for ostensibly trying to invoke sedition charge for criticising political establishment, however, the government had claimed that it got lost in translation and had promised to bring a revised version.
the bombay high court had earlier restrained the government from acting on the circular.
there were two petitions on this issue  one filed by famous cartoonist aseem trivedi, who was himself arrested on charges of sedition earlier and another was filed by advocate narendra sharma.
according to the petitioners, the circular was unconstitutional and violated fundamental rights of citizens.
trivedi was arrested on september 8, 2012, on the basis of an fir under section 124a (sedition) and other provisions of ipc for cartoons published on iac website.
however, on a pil, bombay high court, had granted him bail.
according to the circular, that was sent to all the police stations across the state, police personnel have been asked to bear in mind that the sedition clause of ipc can be invoked against whoever, by words, either spoken or written, or by signs or by visible representation or otherwise, brings or attempts to bring into hatred or contempt, dissatisfaction and provoking violence against the central or state government.
however, section 124-a will not be invoked against those trying to bring change in government through legal means without hatred and contempt, the circular said.
mumbai, nov 8, 2014, pti 15:04 istbjp and shiv sena today appeared to have resolved their differences with the latter deciding to nominate rajya sabha member anil desai to be included in the union cabinet when prime minister narendra modi reshuffles and expands his ministry tomorrow.
after blowing hot and cold over the last few days, the party also looked agreeable to accepting a power-sharing arrangement in maharashtra.
uddhavji (shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray) had initially decided that we will not recommend any name to be included in the modi cabinet unless talks at the state level reach a conclusion.
but now since the talks are finally in a conclusive mode, we have changed our stand.
our leader has decided to recommend anil desai's name so he can be included in the cabinet tomorrow, a sena mp told pti on condition of anonymity.
he said the party leadership will decide the second name to be included in the union council of ministers by evening.
the prime minister's office had on thursday asked shiv sena to recommend two names to be included in the union government and the party had said it would be forwarding those the next day.
however, with back channel talks failing to resolve issues between the two parties over power-sharing in maharashtra, uddhav had appeared disinclined to nominate any leader to be included in the union government.
the sena mp said talks between the estranged former allies in maharashtra had reached a 'conclusive stage' and a decision on supporting the bjp government during the trust vote scheduled for november 12 will be taken by the party chief tomorrow.
uddhav thackeray has called a meeting of newly elected shiv sena mlas and top leaders tomorrow to deliberate on the developments.
chief minister devendrafadnavis called up uddhavji and said they want us to be a part of the new government and that they are not interested in taking the support of ncp.
we have been offered 12 ministerial berths of which 5 will be of cabinet rank and 7 ministers of state, he said.
it was, however, still not clear if sena had given up on its demand for deputy chief ministership.
bjp had earlier rejected sena's demand for following the 1995 formula when being the junior partner it had got the post of deputy chief minister.
bjp with 121 mlas in the 288-member assembly is the single largest party but way short of the magic figure of 145 despite support of 7 independents and some from smaller parties.
41-member ncp has declared outside support to the new government.
however, the 63 mla-strong sena coming on board will obviate the need for backing from sharad pawar's party.
petrol and diesel prices are defined by international crude oil rates, fadnavis noted.
a task force is already working on reducing the fuel prices.
if it (petrol and diesel) can be brought under gst, rates will come down.
maharashtra has already given its consent for it, the chief minister told reporters here.
the gst council will also have to look into aspects like revenue losses before taking a decision, he said.
once petrol and diesel are brought under the ambit of gst, its threshold will change, because, right now, taxes upon taxes are levied which increases rates.
gst will ensure a single tax, he said.
the centre had in june last year junked the 15-year old practice of revising rates every fortnight and introduced daily revisions.
petrol and diesel prices were raised for the 11th day in succession today as the state-owned oil firms gradually passed on to the consumer the increased cost of international oil that had accumulated since a 19-day freeze was imposed just before karnataka elections.
since the time the hiatus ended on may 14, rates have gone up by rs 2.
84 a litre in case of petrol and rs 2.
60 in diesel.
petrol costs rs 77.
47 a litre in delhi and diesel rs 68.
53.
the central government levies rs 19.
48 excise duty on a litre of petrol and rs 15.
33 on diesel.
state sales tax or vat varies from state to state.
unlike excise duty, vat is ad valorem and results in higher revenues for the state when rates move up.
unprecedented funds have been given by the centre to mitigate drought problems, for irrigation purposes, to build roads.
the centre has given maharashtra in last four years what was not given in the last 20 years, he claimed.
bjp, sena yet to forge ties in maharashtramumbai, nov 5 2014, dhns 1:23 istas the day of the trust vote in the maharashtra assembly inches closer, the bjp and shiv sena are continuing to blow hot and cold on the terms of their relationship.
chief minister devendrafadnavis , the head of the bjp-minority government in the state, on wednesday refrained from committing to the shiv sena and made it clear that he would not expand his council of ministers until after the vote of confidence on november 12.
the maharashtra chief minister said the shiv senas participation in the government was being discussed appropriately and that a decision on the issue would be announced in delhi.
the bjp and shiv sena had a 25-year alliance which broke due to differences over seat sharing in the run up to the october 15 assembly elections in maharashtra.
reacting to fadnavis statement, sanjay raut, executive editor of shiv senas mouthpiece saamana, asserted that his party was still holding discussions with the bjp.
the shiv sena, however, did not hold back from targetting the bjp over forming a separate state for vidarbha.
the bjp won handsomely in the vidarbha region in the recently held assembly elections, but they should not think they have got the mandate to divide maharashtra, wednesdays editorial in saamana read.
airport closed, rajan deportation put offbali/mumbai, nov 4, 2015, dhns and pti: 1:54 istvolcano eruption plays spoilsportunderworld don chhota rajans deportation was deferred on tuesday due to the closure of the airport here as a result of the spewing of volcanic ash from a nearby mountain.
55-year-old rajan was to be taken to india by a special aircraft on tuesday night but he continued to be in detention in denpasar.
police major pande sugiarta said the deportation was delayed until wednesday because of volcanic ash spewing from mount rinjan on nearby lombok island.
the ngurah rai international airport here was closed due to the spewing of volcanic ash.
the indian agencies were keen that the deportation takes place at the earliest and had put in a request to indonesian authorities on sunday itself, sources said.
the process of deportation in such cases can take one to two days, a source said.
meanwhile, the reverse countdown for the dons arrival began in mumbai.
he was wanted for close to 50 crimes.
a tweet from the chief ministers office later said there were no statement/quote from cm @dev_fadnavis on chhota rajan case.
mumbai police commissioner shall brief on the official position soon.
mumbai police chief ahmed javed later told reporters that the city police would not stake claim for rajans custody.
he would eventually come here.
.
.
there is no question of staking claim.
we will go by the rules and adequate security and precaution will be taken while taking his custody, he said.
fifty five-year-old rajan was arrested in the indonesian resort island after he landed there on a garuda flight from sydney.
he was captured after a tip-off from the australian police.
indian intelligence and law enforcement agencies have been in touch with both australian and indonesian police for the last two months to capture and deport rajan.
a team of cbi and crime branch officials have been in bali and jakarta to take care of the procedures for his deportation.
new role needs more maturity: pawar's advice for cm fadnavismumbai, dec 28, 2014, pti: 18:17 istncp chief sharad pawar today took exception to maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis' reported remark after the winter session that the opposition should be ashamed saying his new role needed more maturity.
the role of opposition is important in democracy and so it is expected that you choose your words wisely when you speak about the opposition.
the chief minister is still young and he needs more maturity in his new role, pawar said in an article in marathi newspaper 'lok satta'.
the former union minister said he was pained by fadnavis' reported statement after the winter session that 'the opposition (congress and ncp) should be ashamed'.
i had good relations with devendra's father, the late gangadhar fadnavis when he was a member of legislature.
i still remember him as a cultured, mature man with a large heart, pawar said.
after taking over the reins, it was fadnavis' responsibility to focus attention on drought-hit regions of the state and he should refrain from talking about a separate statehood for vidarbha, pawar added.
being the chief minister, he is responsible for the welfare of the entire state, pawar said.
the decision on separate statehood has to be left to the people.
goa was given a separate statehood when there was a consensus.
there has been no such consensus for vidarbha, he said.
he also said the government should have extended budget session to discuss the vijay kelkar committee report on regional imbalance in maharashtra in detail.
pawar, a former chief minister, also opposed the idea of having a committee headed by the prime minister for development of mumbai, saying it was not advisable that the pm should intervene in internal issues of the state, or those between two neighbouring states.
there's no conflict of interest for ganguly: bcci prez manoharnew delhi, dec 8, 2015 (pti) 18:09 istbcci president shashank manohar today said that there is no 'conflict of interest' as far as former india captain sourav ganguly is concerned.
after industrialist sanjeev goenka's company new rising bought the bid for pune team, questions on potential conflict of interest were raised as ganguly is a governing council member as well as co-owner of indian super league (isl) football team atletico de kolkata.
one of the atk owners is sanjeev goenka.
as far as i understand, sourav ganguly has no conflict of interest.
if he would have been involved with any team (ipl), then it would have been a different case.
but i think a lot of people are not understanding what conflict of interest means, bcci president manohar said.
suppose i am lawyer and i have a client.
if that client later at some point gets associated with bcci, how is it a conflict of interest.
it can only be a conflict of interest if someone in his position show bias.
i think this is now being taken to an absurd level, manohar said.
however he said that this is his view and now that bcci has appointed an independent ombudsman (retd justice ap shah), he will decide on what are the potential cases of conflict of interest.
he also said that he has spoken to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis regarding the issue of having a tie-up with the police as they have the powers to intercept calls and arrest if necessary from any part of the country.
if required we are ready to pay an amount, manohar said.
even another governing council member and maharashtra cricket association supremo ajay shirke was asked questions whether his presence would be looked as a conflict of interest.
i don't think so.
please explain where is the conflict of interest.
yes, tomorrow if i write to the bcci president asking pune franchise to continue beyond two years, that could be the case of conflict of interest in my capacity as maharashtra cricket association president, shirke told the reporters, here today.
bjp's rajendra gavit today won the palghar lok sabha bypoll in maharashtra, trouncing shrinivas wanaga of the shiv sena by 29,574 votes.
the result was declared after completion of counting of votes in 33 rounds, a state election official said.
gavit polled 2,72,780 votes against 2,43,206 polled by wanaga.
baliram jadhav of bahujan vikas agadhi (bva) stood third with 2,22,837 votes, while kiran gahla of the cpm secured 71,887 votes.
damodar shingda of the congress finished a distant fifth with 47,713 votes.
the bypoll was necessitated after the death of bjp mp chintaman wanaga and saw a bitter face-off between the bjp and the shiv sena, the sparring ruling allies in the state.
the shiv sena fielded shrinivas wanaga, late chintaman wanaga's son, while the bjp put up gavit, a former congress minister, as its candidate.
the bjp made the palghar bypoll a matter of prestige, with chief minister devendrafadnavis campaigning extensively.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and union minister smriti irani also campaigned for the bjp nominee.
during the poll campaign, the bjp dubbed the uddhav thackeray-led party as a backstabber.
in the run-up to the palghar lok sabha bypoll, the sena chief had released an audio clip of chief minister devendrafadnavis , purportedly asking the bjp workers to use all possible means to win the election.
fadnavis had responded by releasing a 14-minute audio clip, claiming it was the complete version of the clip released by sena.
the sena can see it is losing and has thus stooped to such levels, he had claimed.
political analysts say the bjp benefited from the division of votes between the sena and the bva as both parties polled over two lakh votes each.
ncp leader nawab malik said the congress should have extended support to bva candidate jadhav as he had contested against chintaman wanaga in 2014 lok sabha polls and was then supported by the congress.
muslim youth denied job: 5 get anticipatory bailmumbai, may 27, 2015, pti: 18:07 ista sessions court has granted interim relief from arrest to five persons including directors of hari krishna exports, the diamond export firm which denied employment to a young mba graduate for being a muslim.
directors bhaskar shantilal joshi, mahindra deshmukh, ghanshyam dholakiya and hasmukh dholakiya, and deepika tikke, a trainee in the firm's hr department who wrote the letter to zeeshan ali approached the sessions court seeking anticipatory bail.
khan had applied for an opening in the company on may 19 and, according to him, he received a response within 15 minutes which said they hired only non-muslim candidates.
the issue drew widespread condemnation following which maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis ordered a probe and the city police registered a case against the firm.
the firm had issued a clarification claiming it was an error by the hr trainee against whom appropriate action has been taken.
the firm's directors in their plea said that although they have not been named as accused in the case, police has already recorded their statements and they have cooperated with the investigating agency and hence, the need for custodial interrogation should not arise.
while seeking anticipatory bail, they claimed that the fir filed against them was baseless and incorrect.
the application further states that tikke had sent the mail without consulting her seniors and she is a trainee and does not know the company's policies.
it also states that the company has 70 muslim employees.
the plea came up before the sessions court yesterday which adjourned it for hearing on june 1.
the court directed police not to take any coercive action against the applicants until then.
meanwhile, khan also filed an intervening application opposing their anticipatory bail pleas.
advocate khalid azmi, appearing for khan, said that refusal to employment only on the ground of religion is a violation of fundamental right of a citizen.
khan's application will also be heard on june 1.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis had a close shave when a vvip helicopter carrying him developed a technical snag immediately after take off - its rotor snapped electric cables and crash-landed at nilanga in latur district, nearly 530 kms way from mumbai.
the helicopter, a us-made sikorsky with call sign vt-cmm - that is with the state government for the last five years - crashed at the shivaji vidyalaya ground where the helipad was made.
the rotary-wing aircraft took over for its way back to mumbai after the engagements of the cm in the latur district of marathwada region.
all of us are safe.
.
.
.
there was a problem and an accident involving our helicopter.
.
.
i was also medically examined, my blood-pressure is normal.
.
.
.
the helicopter was commandered by capt sanjay karve, the chief pilot of the maharashtra government and besides the co-pilot and navigator, fadnavis, three others were on board - praveensinh pardeshi, the principal secretary to the cm, abhimanyu pawar, his personal assistant and ketan pathak, the public relations officer.
only pathak sustained minor injuries.
the chopper with six of them took over at 1155 hrs but immediately there was something amiss.
video footage showed that there was some problems during the take off and appeared unstable as it attained a height of nearly 80 feet.
the aircraft then moved away and its rotor snapped the electric wires, following which there was a spark and the aircraft camw down with a thud.
we felt the power coming down after we took off.
.
.
the roters snapped with the high tension cables, said capt barve, a former indian navy pilot, who had clocked several hours of flying in the armed forces and with the maharashtra government.
immediately after the incident, maharashtra governor ch vidyasagar rao, shiv sena president uddhav thackeray spoke to fadnavis and asked about his well-being.
second incidentthis is the second incident involving the same chopper this month.
on 13 may 2017, the helicopter of chief minister devendrafadnavis , while on a visit to the maoist-affected gadchiroli district, developed a technical snag after it landed, forcing him to return to nagpur by road.
substantial damage to helicopter: dgcathe director general of civil aviation (dgca) said that the helicopter has suffered substantial damage.
in a statement about the incident it said maharashtra government's sikorsky helicopter vt-cmm took off from nilanda se of latur at 1200 hrs.
there were 06 persons on board, including 2 crew members.
honble cm of maharashtra was also on board.
after take-off, pilot found variable wind pattern.
pilot decided to land back.
during landing, the helicopter got entangled in wires.
the helicopter has sustained substantial damage.
all six persons are safe and escaped unhurt.
spoke to commander of the flight as well as honble cm.
both informed well-being of all occupants.
cm for farmers initiativesfadnavis was in latur for the shivar sawad initiative, which aims at reaching out to farmers across 43,000 villages.
the bjps farmer outreach is a bid to counter opposition as well ally the shiv senas consistent attacks that the state governments handling of the agrarian crisis is shoddy.
villagers in halgara(latur) are successfully working for water conservation since 50days by 'shramdan'.
i contributed too!
, he tweeted.
he was okay.
.
.
he said that it was because of god and the blessings of people, she said, adding that immediately after the accident he called her over phone and informed of the incident and that he and his team was safe.
he was calm and composed.
.
.
he spoke to me and mother also, he said.
there was something amiss after take off: cm's assistantit was not a normal take off, said abhimanyu pawar, the personal assistant of the cm.
we have travelled in this chopper several times.
.
.
but the take off was something different, something amiss.
.
.
we knew that there were some issues, he said.
once it touched a height there was some kind of shake-up, he said, adding that when the chopper came down they all came over each other.
maha cm to seek trust vote after speaker's election on nov 12mumbai, nov 10, 2014 (pti): 10:04 istwith the three-day special session of maharashtra assembly beginning here today, chief minister devendrafadnavis will seek a trust vote after election of speaker on november 12.
state governor c vidyasagar rao will administer oath to jeeva pandu gavit as pro-tem speaker of the assembly in raj bhavan at 10 am today, an official said.
assembly proceedings will start at 11 am and the first two days will see the members of the 13th assembly take oath.
on november 12, the speaker will be elected after which fadnavis will move a trust vote.
the session will conclude with the governor's address to legislators.
the cabinet expansion will happen only after the confidence vote, he had said.
bjp has 121 mlas in the 288-member house and the 41-member ncp has assured its outside support to the new government.
sena, led by uddhav thackeray, has 63 mlas.
latecomer vips delay flightnew delhi, july 2, 2015, dhns: 1:57 istpassengers deplaned to make space for rijiju, j&k dy cm; govt apologisesminister of state for home kiren rijiju and deputy chief minister of jammu & kashmir nirmal singh were caught in a controversy on thursday following reports that an air india flight was delayed due to their late arrival.
some fliers, including a senior official, were offloaded to accommodate them.
the air traffic controller of leh confirmed that on june 24, flight ai 446 to delhi was delayed to accommodate the union minister, says a report by the indian air force that runs the 21 wing atc at leh.
the prime ministers office has asked the ministry of civil aviation for a report on delay in air india flights on account of vip travels in the recent past.
the civil aviation ministry, in turn, has sought a report from air india on the two incidents at leh and mumbai.
the mumbai incident involves a us-bound delegation of the chief minister devendrafadnavis earlier this week.
the leh-delhi flight was to depart at 11:20 am, but the schedule was later revised to 10:20 am as it reached early.
the flight was held for almost 50 minutes.
it finally took off at 11:12 am after at least three passengers, including an indian foreign service officer, were not permitted to fly.
because of the rarefied atmosphere, flights from leh maintain a permissible weight limit as overloaded flights cannot take off due to low air pressure.
while the vips are now accused of getting preference at the cost of ordinary traveller, the iaf probe report suggested the officer, his wife and son were not allowed to board because they came late.
they were relative of a senior iaf officer posted in leh.
civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju and rijiju apologised for the incident.
but singh turned the table on the airline.
the ministers were attending the sindhu darshan festival at leh.
singh said he reached leh at 6:30 am and booked the return ticket for the 11:20 am flight.
he was given a boarding pass with a boarding time 10:45 am printed on it.
at 9:53 am when he was performing rituals on the banks of sindhu, he received a message from air india that the flight reached early and was ready to depart.
the state minister said though the change in time was distasteful, he asked the organiser to round up the ceremony in the next 15-20 minutes so that he and his staff can rush to the airport, which is 20-25 minutes away from the venue.
i reached there at 10:48 am but was told that the pilot has closed the doors.
two more families were denied boarding, singh said in his complaint to raju.
not angry, but hurt says ghulam ali after sena threats get concert cancelledmumbai, oct 08, 2015, dhns 8:47 istpak singer says atmosphere is not conducive to performthe much talked about concert by pakistani ghazal maestro ghulam ali in mumbai was called off on wednesday night after protests and objections by the shiv sena, an ally of the ruling bjp at the centre and maharashtra.
the concert, scheduled on friday evening, was organised to pay tributes to late jagjit singh, coinciding with his fourth death anniversary, which falls on october 10.
reacting to the development, ghulam ali said the concert was not cancelled from his end.
atmosphere is not conducive for me to perform, he said, adding, he wants indo-pak ties to improve.
he further said that whenever his fans call him with love, he goes and performs.
such controversies spoil peoples sur (note).
i am not angry, i am hurt.
in love, such things dont happen.
however, randhir roy, the organiser of the concert said they are exploring the possibilities of holding the concert with other singers and composers to pay tributes to the legendary indian ghazal maestro.
the decision to call off the concert was taken after the organisers met shiv sena president uddhav thackeray in mumbai.
senior shiv sena leaders, including rahul shewale, the mp from mumbai south central, were present.
if it is not cancelled, we would protest in shiv sena style, akshay badrapurkar, the general secretary of chitrapat sena, had said earlier in the day, after visiting the shanmukhananda hall at matunga here and asking the organisers and the hall management not to host the pakistani singer.
the maharashtra government is ready to give full protection to the singer.
it is wrong to involve ghulam ali in indo-pak politics, he said.
we all know what his happening, over the last couple of days.
in firing along the border, four soldiers have been killed.
we know the incidents of terrorism in mumbai and indiaat this stage, we cannot allow pakistani artistes to perform in maharashtra, shewale said.
badrapurkar also pointed out: there are so many singers and composers in india.
right from a r rehman to sonu nigam, they could have paid tributes, we agree there is a ghazal connection, but again, we have to see the backdrop, he said.
the 74-year-old ghulam ali, earlier this year, sung in a concert at the famous sankat mochan in varanasi, prime minister narendra modis constituency.
mumbai-based peace activist jatin desai, who is the general secretary of pakistan-india peoples' forum for peace and democracy (pipfpd), said music and culture know no boundaries.
hindustani music is as popular in pakistan as in many other countries as it is in india.
music spreads the message of peace.
ghulam ali is as popular in india as in pakistan.
mumbai and india love ghulam ali, he said.
roy, who was the main organiser, said he agreed with the viewpoint of thackeray.
what shiv sena was saying was also there in the back of my mind, he said.
when asked as to when it was planned, he said it was around four months ago.
around 80 per cent tickets have been sold out.
but this is not a big thingwhat is important is that since the last two weeks, there has been more incidents of firing across the border.
as far as the concert goes, we have to pay tributes to jagjit singh, we would be doing something.
nagpur, jul 30, 2015, pti : 11:21 istthe body of yakub memon, who was hanged at the central prison here this morning for his role in the 1993 mumbai serial bomb blasts, was handed over to his family and it will be flown to mumbai for burial.
memon was hanged till death in the 'fansi yard' under supervision of jail superintendent yogesh desai.
yes yakub memon has been hanged at 7 am sharp and his body is being handed over to his family, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis informed pti in a text message.
yakub's brother suleman and cousin usman, who were camping in city since yesterday, received the body which was being flown to mumbai.
a team of doctors declared him dead after about half-and-hour of the scheduled hanging, when his body was brought down.
chief judicial magistrate of nagpur m m deshpande was present in the fansi yard.
she read out the operating part of the tada court order which awarded capital punishment to yakub before he was made to stand on a stool and the lever pulled by the hangman.
memon, who was the lone convict sent to gallows in the serial blasts which claimed 257 lives across the financial capital of country in 1993, lost a series of legal battles for stay on his execution over a period of time.
his mercy petition under article 71 was rejected by president pranab mukherjee.
even after the rejection of mercy petition by the president, memon filed another mercy petition himself on july 21, the day when his curative petition was dismissed.
the mercy petition was contended that his earlier mercy plea was filed by his brother and hence, he was entitled to file his own petition.
as a last minute effort to save 53-year-old memon from gallows, his lawyers challenged the issuance of black warrant on july 13 contending that the death warrant was issued before the apex court could decide the curative petition.
on this, the bench of supreme court comprising justices anil dave and kurian joseph gave a split verdict, prompting chief justice h l dattu to constitute a three-judge bench headed by justice deepak mishra, which finally rejected all the arguments of defence and upheld the decision of the lower court to send him to gallows.
the bench felt there was no procedural lapses in the curative petition.
its validity was upheld by the apex court.
centre concerned about crop damage by wild animals: javadekarmumbai, feb 2, 2015, pti: 21:36 istthe union government is concerned about the damage caused by wild animals to the crops in the field, environment minister prakash javadekar said here today.
if the state government sends a proposal to find a solution to the menace, the centre will consider it with sympathy, the minister said, speaking at a meeting of maharashtra bjp kisan morcha (farmer wing).
crop damage in the state is caused by elephants, wild boars and monkeys, the minister said.
the centre is concerned that crop gets damaged and farmers suffer losses, he said.
building weirs was one of the ways to increase water level in the state, javadekar said.
i will personally look into it if there are problems as far as environmental clearances are concerned, he added.
state bjp kisan morcha president dnyanoba munde informed the minister that the morcha's target was to enrol 11 lakh bjp members by march-end.
meanwhile, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met javadekar and discussed environmental clearances for various projects in the state, official sources said.
local train crashes into dead-end in churchgatemumbai, june 28, 2015, dhns: 8:30 istfive persons were injured on sunday when a local train crashed into the buffer of the dead-end at churchgate suburban station and nearly climbed onto the concourse as the motorman failed to apply brakes in time.
the motorman also sustained injuries, according to eyewitnesses, who also said he was completely shaken afterwards.
the incident took place when railway minister suresh prabhu was in mumbai, holding discussions with maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis on improving the railway infrastructure of mumbai and the state.
it occurred at 11:20 am, when the train was arriving from the bhayender station on the far western suburbs in thane district, said western railway (wr) officials.
the 12-coach train hit the buffer of platform no 3.
wr general manager s k sood has ordered an inquiry into the incident.
on the basis of preliminary inquiries, the motorman, guard and the loco inspector have been placed under suspension.
sood, along with divisional railway manager of mumbai central division shailendra kumar, visited the churchgate station for investigations and overseeing the restoration work.
three people were given first aid by the staff at churchgate station while two were referred to gt hospital.
later on, they too were discharged, wr spokesperson sharat chandrayan told reporters.
the train moved normally till marine line.
we checked, and it never overshot the platform or stopped in advance.
as far as the brakes are concerned, there is a 1 per cent chance of brake fail.
we will speak to the motorman.
all counts would be discussed, said sood.
maha cm briefed on ground reality in n-k: shettardharwad, oct 15, 2016, dhns 1:21 ista team of bjp leaders from the state which met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai recently, ahead of the october 21 meeting on sharing the mahadayi river waters, has briefed him on the ground reality in north karnataka, according to senior bjp leader jagadish shettar.
the drinking water situation in north karnataka has also been brought to his notice.
expectations are high as the chief ministers of the three riparian states of maharashtra, karnataka and goa meet in mumbai on october 21 to discuss the mahadayi river-linking project, said shettar, who was among the bjp leaders who met fadnavis.
karnataka bjp leaders have taken the bjp-led governments in goa and maharashtra into confidence and arranged this meeting.
however, the state congress leaders have so far not taken up the issue with their partymen in goa and maharashtra.
the congress is in the opposition in the two states, shettar stated.
when there was a bjp government in the state, rs 100 crore was released for construction of kalasa-banduri naala.
however, the congress has confined itself to making promises.
the congress government has not taken any concrete steps to make the project a reality, he said.
relief works neededshettar, who is leader of the opposition in the legislative assembly, said more than 100 taluks in state were reeling under severe drought and the need of the hour was to launch drought-relief works on a war-footing.
the government need not wait for funds from centre.
instead, it can take up urgent works such as drinking water supply, fodder management and providing employment to rural masses, he added.
maha session begins; sena says no talks on with bjpmumbai, nov 10, 2014 (pti): 14:47 istshiv sena legislators today occupied opposition benches as the special three-day session of maharashtra assembly began here during which chief minister devendrafadnavis will seek a trust vote as mandated by the governor when he stakes claim to form the government.
sena members, wearing saffron pheta (headgear) came to legislative assembly in a group and occupied the benches meant for opposition, where their seating arrangement was made, in keeping with the norms for the second largest party in the 288-member house.
earlier today, before the house proceedings began at 11 am, governor ch vidyasagar rao administered the oath as protem speaker to senior legislator jeeva pandu gavit, at raj bhavan.
gavit then administered the oath to newly elected members of the house.
the process will continue tomorrow.
on november 12, the last day of the session, election for the speaker will be held.
shiv sena sources said that the party was likely to field its nominee for the post.
while senior sena leader neelam gorhe told reporters at legislative assembly today that her party was at present not involved in any talks with bjp.
sena chief uddhav thackeray had yesterday announced that the party will sit in opposition if bjp accepted ncp's support to win the trust vote.
uddhav has given bjp two days to respond, before taking a final decision.
senior sena leader diwakar raote today said sena mlas will present a green skull cap to revenue minister eknath khadse for espousing the cause of urdu language in marathi medium schools.
today was the first day as mla for former chief minister prithviraj chavan and education minister vinod tawde, who were earlier members of the legislative council.
while some members invoked god before taking oath, there was a member who said jai vidarbha while there was another who said namo while taking oath.
the election for the state assembly speaker would take place on november 12.
the voting would take place between noon and 3 pm, protem speaker jiva pandu gavit announced in the lower house.
the time for withdrawal of nomination is till 10 am the same day, he said.
the protem speaker also announced the panel of presiding members, which includes senior congress leaders surupsing naik and balasaheb thorat and ncp leader dilip sopal.
foxconn reiterates plans to invest in maharashtramumbai, feb 15, 2017 dhns: 1:14 isttaipei-based foxconn technology, the makers of apples iphone and ipad, has reiterated its plans to set up production facility in maharashtra.
in a meeting held on tuesday, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis held discussions with simon c p hsing and vincent huang of foxconn with regards to setting up of a manufacturing facility in the state.
this is in continuation of ongoing process of dialogue with foxconn, a world major in manufacturing of brands like iphone and other products, fadnavis tweeted after the meeting.
foxconn had committed to invest $5 billion in the state through an mou signed in august 2015, and had promised to create direct employment for 50,000 people in the state.
was rakesh maria promoted or 'removed'?
mumbai, sep 8, 2015, (ians) 20:46 istbarely 10 hours after he victoriously announced major developments in the sensational sheena bora murder probe, high-profile mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria suddenly found himself promoted as the dgp-home guards.
he was replaced by another equally fine ips officer, javed ahmed, and the city police commissioner's post was upgraded from additional dg rank to dgp rank.
coming as it did just 22 days before maria's scheduled term was to expire sep 30, the unexpected promotion set tongues wagging across the political establishment, with uncomfortable questions like whether he was actually 'removed'.
maharashtra additonal chief secretary (home) k.p. bakshi took pains to explain that there was 'no politics', nor were the changes linked to the ongoing probe into the sheena bora murder case.
such changes don't take place overnight.
this matter was being discussed for two-three weeks and it has been effected now, bakshi told mediapersons.
he attributed the change of guard to the upcoming festival season of ganeshotsav and bakr eid, since a reshuffle at that point would not have given the new incumbent sufficient time to settle down to the awesome responsibilities.
it was later clarified that maria would continue handling the sheena bora murder probe.
though officials remain tightlipped, speculation is rife that the move may have been prompted reportedly by what some see as maria's inept handling of the sheena bora murder probe.
some bharatiya janata party politicians have also alleged that media-friendly maria was 'close' to former television tycoon peter mukerjea, who is married to sheena bora's mother, indrani mukerjea.
the official version of giving any incumbent time to settle down before the upcoming ganeshotsav festival failed to pass muster since the 10-day fest would have been over within maria's tenure, ending sep.
30.
in the past few days, doubts were expressed whether he was going soft on peter mukerjea, who had been questioned several times since the case first broke out on aug.
25 with the arrest of his second wife, indrani mukerjea.
probably dropping a hint, the new police commissioner ahmed proclaimed that the sheena murder probe would be conducted professionally from all angles.
speculation was rife in official circles that a major 'breakthrough' was expected in the case with mukerjea's sustained and repeated grilling, several times by maria himself.
maria's hands-on approach in the the case - especially his meticulous personal interrogation of the three prime accused and quizzing others for hours - raised eyebrows and even became the butt of jokes by some senior politicians, including chief minister devendra fadnavis.
was the breakthrough expected after the police completed the criminal angle and started poring into the financial and property transactions of the accused, is the unanswered question.
the gossip mill has also been grindingly furiously over the possibility of some big political names expected to tumble out from the financial and property tangles that were being unraveled.
after all, it is no secret that both peter and indrani were considered close to some major political players in the early 2000s when they were in the thick of launching their television channel businesses.
another nagging doubt is whether maria's sudden 'elevation' to dgp post was linked to his meeting last year with former ipl chief lalit modi, which was revealed in june this year.
not only was he asked to provide an explanation, fadnavis had even ordered the department to submit a report on the duo's meeting as it has been a politically sensitive issue for the bjp.
fortunately, the exchange of seats in the two critical posts were carried out peacefully and amicably - and the show is expected to go on as usual.
fadnavis ministry to be expanded; 12 ministers to be inductedmumbai, dec 30, 2014, (pti) 14:47 istthe two-month old devendrafadnavis ministry in maharashtra will be expanded soon, with the induction of 12 more ministers.
of the 12, six will be from bjp, two from shiv sena and four from other allies, cooperatives minister chandrakant patil told reporters in sangli today.
however, the minister did not disclose the date of expansion.
fadnavis and nine others had taken oath on october 31, after bjp with 122 mlas emerged as the single largest party in the october 15 election to the 288-member assembly.
after power-sharing parleys were successful, shiv sena joined the government on december 5, when 10 sena ministers and 10 bjp ministers were inducted, taking the ministry strength to 30.
with the latest expansion, the strength will be 42.
the constituents of the bjp-led mahayuti, which contested the polls jointly with bjp after that party severed its 25-year-old alliance with shiv sena ahead of the elections, have been demanding their share after bjp came to power.
bjp had tied up with rpi, swabhimani shetkari paksh, rashtriya suraj party and shivsangram.
meanwhile, the minister also announced that the state government will act against sugar factories which fail to make payment to sugarcane growers as per the fair and remunerative price (frp) fixed by the government.
action will also be taken against sugar mills starting crushing season without obtaining necessary approvals, he said.
mumbai: april 1, 2017, dhns 1:57 istethical hacker manish bhangale, who had accused former maharashtra minister eknath khadse of receiving calls from karachi-based don dawood ibrahim, was arrested on friday for creating fake phone bills.
this comes as a major relief to the 64-year-old khadse, a six-term mla who was no 2 to chief minister devendra fadnavis.
he held 10 portfolios, including revenue, agriculture, excise and minority affairs.
the senior bjp leader also faced charges of land grab in pune.
he was forced to resign on june 4 as there was no option left for the bjp-shiv sena saffron alliance in the wake of the opposition charges.
bhangale, from vadodara in gujarat, was arrested by the mumbai crime branch-cid.
according to bhangale, the landline in karachi was registered in the name of dawoods wife mehjabeen shaikh and khadses numbers featured in the call data records.
khadse, however, had denied the charges.
bhangale had created the fake mobile bill on a computer to show call records between khadse and dawood's residence in pakistan, a cid official said.
in may 2016, bhangale had claimed to have hacked into the authentication process of the pakistan telecommunication company ltd in april, which gave him access to dawoods telephone records.
mahadayi row: state bjp team meets fadnavisbengaluru, oct 13, 2016, dhns: 1:01 ista bjp delegation led by union minister ananth kumar on wednesday met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis in mumbai and held discussions with him on the mahadayi river water sharing dispute.
the delegation, comprising leader of the opposition in the legislative assembly, jagadish shettar and former bjp state president pralhad joshi, sought an out-of-court settlement to resolve the dispute.
the mahadayi water disputes tribunal last month had advised chief ministers of karnataka, goa and maharashtra to try and arrive at an amicable settlement through negotiations.
accordingly, fadnavis has organised a meeting of chief ministers of the three states in mumbai on october 21.
the delegation told fednavis that karnataka should get its due share of mahadayi waters as it was for drinking purposes, official sources said.
the dispute relates to maharashtra and goa governments objecting to karnatakas proposal to draw water from the mahadayi river to link it to malaprabha river by building canals at kalasa and banduri to provide drinking water to the twin cities of hubballi-dharwad and the districts of belagavi and gadag.
the state government has convened an all-party meeting to discuss its next course of action on the issue in bengaluru on october 19.
bsy takes exceptionstate bjp president b s yeddyurappa has slammed opposition leader in goa assembly and congress leader pratap singh rane for his reported statement that karnataka should not get a drop of the mahadayi river water.
the statement is provocative and totally unwarranted.
it shows that the congress is non-cooperative and unreasonably adamant in resolving the dispute, he said and called up on congress president sonia gandhi to prevail up on the party leader in goa and provide justice to karnataka.
the charge made by rane that karnataka has mismanaged water and hence demanding more water is factually incorrect and unfair.
karnataka has always been judicious in utilising water and has never adopted unfair means in sharing river water (sic), the bjp leader stated in a media release.
shiv sena to get 12 ministries in maha bjp govtmumbai, dec 1, 2014, (pti): 17:49 ista day after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis said the talks with shiv sena over power sharing were 70-80 per cent complete, a senior sena leader today said both the parties have buried their differences and agreed on a suitable formula.
according to the pact, sena will be alloted a total of 12 ministries in the fadnavis government, out of which 5 will be of cabinet rank.
however, the formal announcement in this regard is likely to be delayed in the wake of demise of congress veteran and former maharashtra chief minister a r antulay today.
after discussing our alliance with the bjp over last few days, we have finally decided on a ministry-sharing formula (which is) agreeable to both parties, said a senior sena leader whose name is reportedly in reckoning among sena inductees in bjp government.
we have decided (with bjp) that shiv sena will hold 5 cabinet portfolios in the state ministry and 7 minister of state portfolios, he told pti.
he said the expansion of the state cabinet, slated for wednesday, may get deferred by a couple of days after antulay's death.
we have to follow the protocol after the sad demise of congress leader a r antulay.
the expansion will be deferred by at least a couple of days now, and thus we will be formally announcing the names of sena ministers only when the cabinet expansion date is announced, he said.
another sena leader said ministries to be allotted to his party include industries, environment, health, msrdc (maharashtra state road development corporation) and transport or excise.
this is viewed as a tactical climb-down by sena from its earlier stand wherein it had staked the claim for the crucial posts of the deputy chief minister and home minister.
however, senior sena leader subhash desai who had held talks with fadnavis last night told pti that talks between bjp and sena leaders will continue today.
we discussed several things last night, he has said.
a sena leader had said last night that talks with bjp have almost reached a positive conclusion barring one ministry.
when contacted a senior bjp leader said the formula - allotting 5 cabinet berths and 7 state ministries to sena - is indeed thrashed out.
however discussions are still on, he said on condition of anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to media.
the mayor of pratapgarh district who had gone missing from mumbai on may 17, was found injured at a hospital in bengaluru.
after four days of intense search by rajasthan and maharashtra police, kamlesh dosi, a second time mayor of pratapgarh, was found in unconscious state with severe injury marks on his head and body.
dosi's family, who were running from pillar to post to get information about their lost son, breathed a sigh of relief after he called them over phone on monday noon and informed about his location.
dosi, told his family that he had boarded a train from kurla (mumbai) for burhanpur station on thursday night and didnt remember anything after that.
however, he informed his family that when regained his senses, he found himself in a hospital and realised that the gold chain and bangle were missing and there were few scratch marks on his wrist and neck.
soon after we received kamlesh's phone call, we were joyous and tears flooded our eyes.
we immediately informed our relatives in bengaluru and they took him home on monday, shantilal, his paternal uncle.
dosi who is on his way to pratapgarh took a flight from bengaluru to ahmedabad on tuesday.
moreover, it was when he looked for his identity card to book his flight that he realised that his wallet was also missing.
when he informed us that his identity card is missing.
we sent the scanned copy of his card to our relatives on email for flight ticket booking, shantilal added.
on may 18, kamlesh's brother had lodged a missing complaint at the kotwali police station in pratapgarh and two teams had gone to mumbai in search of him.
doshi went to mumbai on may 16 and was supposed to go to burhanpur for a religious trip and to meet a few jain saints however, his family couldn't contact him after thursday as his mobile phone was switched off.
as per kotwali police, his last location was kurla station before his mobile went off the radar.
mumbai police had also scanned cctvs around the hotel where he stayed and questioned the taxi driver who had dropped him at the station.
the last footage retrieved by police showed dosi getting on the train on may 17.
apart from the mutual search operation launched by two states to find 45-year-old dosi, chittorgarh mp cp joshi and udh minister of rajasthan shrichand kriplani had also reached mumbai where they met maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and mumbai dgp to seek help.
cms cross swords over dismantling of planning commissionnew delhi, dec 13, 2014 (pti): 19:50 istuttarkhand chief minister harish rawat today criticised the move to dismantle planning commission saying it has created uncertainty in the country, a view countered by maharashtra cm devendrafadnavis who claimed the new framework will give more rights to states.
rawat said that institutions like planning commission are time tested and it has tried to do justice with states in the federal structure.
he said one should not talk of dismantling it unless unless a unanimous alternative is reached.
the congress leader stated that just saying that the process of consultation has started is not enough because for the last six months, this uncertainty is there which is not good for the country.
however, bjp leader fadnavis defended the centre's move to dismantle the planning commission and termed the concerns raised by rawat baseless.
he said that government is a continuous process and the planning commission still exists.
till the time the, new institution comes up, the planning body will keep functioning, he said.
institutions like planning commission, finance commission.
.
.
they are such institutions which are time tested ones and have tried to do justice with states in the existing federal structure, provided states a platform to give their opinion.
unless a unanimous alternative is reached upon, it (commission) should not be finished, rawat said during a discussion in agenda aajtak in which fadnavis also participated.
rawat accused prime minister narendra modi of not consulting any political party or making any attempt to arrive at national consensus on the issue.
you are taking such a big decision, have you tried to reach a national consensus or are you trying to impose your own thoughts on national consensus.
you did not take chief ministers in the decision, you did not consult the political parties, you did not conduct any open house consultations.
he (modi) did not do any such thing and only said it should be dismantled and has not made it clear what should be done next on the issue.
this is our concern, rawat said.
it is because of this he wants centre-state relationship to be stronger, the maharashtra chief minister said, adding that in a democratic set up, when a institution replaces the others, it is done for good.
government is a continuous process and under that planning commission still exists.
he said that the debate on this issue was started by former prime minister manmohan singh who had in his last speech that the role planning commission is playing, it will not suffice and drastic changes has to be made.
the framework on which discussions are going on, in that states are getting more rights and will get more consultations.
he said that the consultation process is on and for that online suggestions were taken as well views of economists and sociologists after which the meeting with chief ministers was called.
raising his concerns, rawat said that states are facing difficulty as to who should they approach - finance department or the pmo.
states like ours which depend on central assistance, the uncertainty has grown for them.
there is a fear also.
the country has many disadvantageous regions and sections of society.
states like uttarakhand or ne states.
.
.
the planning commission used to understand about their geographical difficulties and historical backwardness and had developed special mechanism to address that.
.
.
there is an uncertainty in front of us, he said.
he said that for building a new institution in federal structure, one should talk to political parties, states and also talk to other stakeholders like ngos and social groups.
cong boycotts tea party, says maha cm's absence an insultnagpur, dec 7, 2014 (pti): 19:59 istopposition congress today boycotted the customary tea party held on the eve of the winter session of the maharashtra legislature and said chief minister devendra fadnavis' absence from the event is an insult of democracy.
chief minister devendrafadnavis just invited us for the tea party as a formality.
but he was not able to attend it.
he had conveyed this to us in a letter.
but this is a serious matter and it is for the first time in the history of maharashtra that a cm is absent for tea party.
therefore, congress party has decided to boycott it, mpcc chief manikrao thakre said here today.
typically, the chief minister hosts the tea party for opposition leaders on the eve of the legislature session.
however, fadnavis skipped the event as he is in new delhi to attend a conference of chief ministers called by prime minister narendra modi.
chief minister's behaviour is an insult of the democracy.
this is a gujarat pattern where so many times similar incidents have taken place.
absence of cm from the tea party shows that they are not serious about government procedures, thakre said.
he said congress party has planned a protest march on the first day of winter session of the legislature tomorrow over various issues in the state, including drought.
maharashtra is facing serious drought.
farmers are in very critical condition.
they need financial need at the earliest, he said.
in the last three years, the congress-led government gave rs 10,000 crore package for farmers.
the maharashtra government should immediately announce financial package for draught victims and farmers, the congress leader said.
this session is going to be without a leader of opposition in the legislative assembly as shiv sena's eknath shinde, who had been holding the post until now, has been made a cabinet minister in the bjp government.
the congress has staked its claim for the post of the leader of opposition in the state assembly.
there is no opposition leader in the assembly.
ncp might be with ruling party.
that party is not aggressive about the bjp government.
the ncp leaders have not made their stand clear on the issue, thakre said.
centre last word on gm crops; nod for confined field trialmumbai, feb 1, 2015 (pti) 10:25 istthough maharashtra government has given 'no objection certificate' for field trials of some genetically modified (gm) crops, the centre will take a final call on whether to allow such crops in the market or not, chief minister devendrafadnavis has said.
anil kakodkar, who headed a state-level committee which recommended field trials of gm crops, has also said that clearance has been given for confined field trials, and it is the prerogative of the central government to approve or disapprove the use of gm crops, based on trial results.
the state government recently gave noc for field trials of five gm crops - brinjal, maize, rice, chickpea and cotton - while taking cognisance of recommendations submitted by the committee which studied individual crop patterns.
we have given noc only for field trials.
asked about opposition to such trials earlier by rss' economic wing swadeshi jagran manch, he declined to comment.
the clearance has been given for confined field trials so that everything remains secure.
there is a central government process for looking at it in detail through genetic engineering advisory committee and environment and forest ministers, etc.
for them to complete their approvals, they need to have a noc from the state government, kakodkar said.
in the state, there are committees at the state and district levels.
also, there is an advisory group which looks at the technical aspects and makes recommendations to the state government.
only then the state government issues the noc.
it is still in the domain of development with all precautions in place, he said.
if positive results emerge from the trials, then it (report) will go back to the government, and they will look at the results and take into consideration the additional benefits.
based on that, they would decide whether to approve or not to approve its (gm crops) use, said the former chairman of atomic energy commission.
besides maharashtra, other states like punjab, haryana, delhi and andhra pradesh have also given nocs for field trials of some biotech crops, while madhya pradesh and rajasthan have banned such research activities.
sanatan sanstha accused of hypnotismmumbai: oct 3, 2015, dhns 0:28 ista war of words has begun between sanatan sanstha and veteran rationalist prof shyam manav after he accused the right-wing organisation of resorting to hypnotism.
sanatan sanstha members are being probed for their alleged involvement in the murders of dr narendra dabholkar, comrade govind pansare and m m kalburgimanav, the founder and organiser of all india andhashradha nirmulan samiti (anis) and a one time close associate of dr narendra dabholkar, has alleged that in 1989, sanstha founder dr jayant athavale had carried out an experiment in hypnotism on him in 1989.
let there be a probe.
why it is so that the police and other agencies like cbi are not able to succeed, manav said.
he added, they hypnotise people, they brainwash people, manav said.
these people are brainwashed in such a way that they do not share information, they would not spill the beans under any circumstances, he added and urged maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis to dig deeper and ask the police to investigate in detail.
hemant karkare had done a lot to unearth misdeeds of sanatan sanstha and similar organisations, had he been alive, things would have been different, manav said.
karkare led the ats during the 26/11 mumbai attacks and lost his life during the operation.
shyam manavs allegations are false, this is just to malign sanatan sanstha, he is seeking publicity, said abhay vartak, the chief spokesperson of sanatan sanstha.
when the sanstha accused him of killing dabholkar, manav said: what would i gain.
police and other agencies are probing the matter.
manavs allegation on hypnotherapy is very serious and because of this commoners faith on this therapy could vanish.
hence, prof.
manav should be booked under drugs and remedies act.
he should publicly apologise for defaming a therapy which is useful for people, said vartak.
mahadayi: state to convene cms' meet in junedh news service, bengaluru, may 27 2017, 1:26 istin september last, members of the mahadayi water disputes tribunal had suggested to the counsel appearing for the states to explore the possibility of settling the water dispute outside the tribunal.
.
dh file photo.
to find an amicable solution to the ongoing mahadayi river water dispute, karnataka has invited neighbouring goa for talks.
chief minister siddaramaiah, in a letter to his goa counterpart manohar parrikar, stated that a meeting of chief ministers of the three riparian states - karnataka, maharashtra and goa - could be held in bengaluru on any convenient date in june.
in september last, members of the mahadayi water disputes tribunal had suggested to the counsel appearing for the states to explore the possibility of settling the water dispute outside the tribunal.
siddaramaiah in his letter stated that he will soon be sending the proposal to maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis for his concurrence.
a meeting of the three chief ministers had been scheduled in mumbai in october last.
however, the meeting could not be held as the then goa chief minister lakshmikanth parsekar conveyed his inability to attend.
kapil's bribe charge backfires, bmc points at more violationsmumbai, sep 10, 2016, pti 17:09 iststand-up comedian kapil sharma's bribe tweets against the bmc seems to have backfired, with the civic body claiming that the artist had flouted norms not only in his versova office building but also in his apartment in suburban goregaon.
we received two complaints from separate people about illegal construction being done in sharma's both premises, one in versova and another in goregaon.
in both the cases, we followed the due procedure and first served notice before initiating action, said a senior bmc official, seeking anonymity.
in the versova case, the corporation had served a notice on him on july 16.
since he did not pay heed to it, we demolished the illegal portion of his office structure on august 4.
as far as another complaint is concerned, he was served notice under the maharashtra regional and town planning (mrtp) act in april for unauthorised work on his 9th floor apartment at goregaon (west), he said.
kapil had yesterday kicked up a row when he tweeted that bmc officers sought a bribe of rs 5 lakh for the construction of his premises in versova.
however, he has not so far, put forth his side on the allegations of violation of norms levelled by the civic body.
asked why bmc took 19 days to demolish illegal structure at versova, parag masurkar, assistant municipal commissioner k-west ward, where sharma's office is located, said generally we do give some extra time to the occupants or owners of the premises to put forward the copies or permissions to justify their work and wait for the reply.
meanwhile, we uploaded the contents and nature of the complaint at complaint tracking portal too.
we have devised an online complaint tracking system.
when we receive any complaints, we go to the site, take photographs and on that basis we generate the notices and upload it while monitoring it till it is redressed, said masurkar, adding that the procedure wipes out all the chances of corruption.
in versova premises case, sharma carried out unauthorised horizontal extension in his ground-plus-one storey row house and also carried out the construction at upper floor without mandatory permission.
since he did not come forward to show the copies of permissions, we followed the rule and demolished it as and when we got police security, he said.
also, bmc officers are yet to receive any response from sharma on the name of the bribe seeker so as to initiate action against the erring officer.
sharmaji has not made any contact with us or with our department so far, said manohar pawar, chief engineer of vigilance department who had yesterday requested the actor to name the officer who demanded the bribe.
sharma has 63 lakh followers on his twitter handle and since he tagged prime minister narendra modi, the tweet generated sharp reactions from all major political parties, with an eye on the forthcoming civic elections.
it was 'retweeted' and 'liked' by thousands on the social media.
opposition congress used the issue to target bjp and shiv sena, who together control bmc.
shiv sena, meanwhile, dared kapil to name the bribe seeker.
this is not a comedy show where he can tweet what is going on in his life.
he needs to immediately name the person publicly who asked for a bribe or people would watch the whole episode like a comedy drama, laugh over it and forget about it, sena spokesperson manisha kayande said.
raj thackeray-led mns also reacted sharply to sharma, seizing on a statement he reportedly made alluding to role of its workers.
kapil yesterday tweeted his anguish and said, i am paying rs 15 cr income tax from last 5 year n still i have to pay 5 lacs bribe to bmc office for making my office @narendramodi (sic).
yeh hain aapke achhe din?
@narendramodi (are these your good days), he had sought to know in another tweet yesterday, referring to modi's 2014 poll slogan of good days are ahead.
it sparked instant response from chief minister devendrafadnavis , who requested sharma to provide the authorities with the necessary information to punish the culprit.
kapilbhai pls provide all info.
have directed mc, bmc to take strictest action.
we will not spare the culprit, the chief minister said in a tweet yesterday to which kapil thanked the cm.
later, in an apparent attempt to cap the controversy from escalating, sharma said he did not seek to blame any political party.
i just voiced my concern on the corruption i faced with certain individuals.
.
its no blame on any political party be it bjp, mns or shivsena (sic), he tweeted in the evening.
room no 4 at kem to be named after aruna shanbaugmumbai, jun 1, 2015, (pti): 16:54 istnurses at kem hospital today remembered their colleague aruna shanbaug, who passed away three weeks ago, on her birth anniversary with the hospital administration deciding to name room no 4, where she stayed for 42 years, after her.
we have decided to name room no 4 after aruna, kem hospital dean dr avinash supe told pti.
the room will also be used for the public and staff, he added.
shanbaug, a nurse at the hospital, existed comatose in the room after being subjected to a brutal sexual assault in 1973 by a ward boy, who tried to throttle her with a dog chain, leaving her in a permanently vegetative state.
the hospital nurses fondly remembered shanbaug and visited her room in the morning to offer tributes.
they put flowers and cut a cake.
had she lived three weeks more, she would be celebrating her 68th birthday.
a commemorative programme was also organised in the hospital auditorium by the nursing staff.
the demand for renaming the room was made by the nursing staff shortly after shanbaug's death.
a marathi biography on shanbaug, 'vyatha arunachi' (aruna's agony), written by senior journalist neha purav, was released here this afternoon.
purav said she used to sit at aruna's bedside for many years, and also interacted with the nurses who cared for her all these years.
a mumbai journalist last week traced sohanlal valmiki, the former hospital sweeper, who perpetrated the crime on shanbaug to a village in ghaziabad district of uttar pradesh.
mrityunjay bose, mumbai, dh news service, jun 10 2017, 19:28 istthe farmer's groups and leaders of maharashtra have decided to open a channel of dialogue with the government and discuss the issue of loan waiver, implementation of the recommendations of ms swaminathan committee, and ensure fresh loans coinciding with the monsoon.
the steering committee of various farmers' groups arrived in mumbai and held a meeting for several hours on saturday in which they decided to hold a meeting with the six-member high-powered group of ministers appointed by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis.
on sunday, they would meet the committee headed by revenue minister chandrakant patil and comprising of agriculture minister pandurang pundkar, finance, planning and forest minister sudhir mungantiwar, co-operation minister subhash deshmukh, water resources minister girish mahajan - all from bjp and transport minister diwakar raote of shiv sena.
as far as the 12 june protest at all tehsildar and collector offices and the 13 june state-wide rail-roko continues, however, the core committee would take a final call after the meeting with the committee.
after a marathon meeting, swabhimani shetkari sangathana leader raju shetti, peasants and workers' party chief jayant patil and farmers' leader raghunathdada patil, announced the decision to go for the meeting following an invitation from the maharashtra government.
they also denied any rift and said that most of the leaders and groups were represented in the meeting.
as announced earlier our agitation continues.
.
.
we would go for the meeting and take a call as after the stand of the government.
.
.
we need to hear out the government, shetti said.
agricultural economist giridhar patil took objection to the decision-making the process of steering committee accusing it of being politically motivated instead of driven by farm issues.
he along with president of shetkari sanghatana anil ghanvat, dr budhajirao mulik and ramchandra patil said that they boycotted saturday's meeting.
the farmers have formed the steering committee with a great trust.
but, many of the members of the committee are politically motivated and are acting in their own interest than pursuing the interests of the farmers.
hence, ive decided not to attend todays meeting, patil told reporters at nashik.
activist and farmer's leader bacchu kadu could not be present at the meeting because of some prior engagements.
london, jun 14, 2015 (pti) 14:57 istindia is set to acquire a prime property here for an estimated 4 million pounds where b r ambedkar, the architect of the indian constitution and dalit rights activist, lived during his student days in the 1920s.
an under offer sign outside the 10 king henry's road townhouse on a leafy street in chalk farm area of north london indicates that the sale process is nearly complete.
a blue plaque commemorates the fact that ambedkar lived there in 1921-22 when he was studying at london school of economics (lse).
it is work in progress, confirmed a senior indian high commission diplomat here, who has been facilitating the process since the maharashtra government took the decision to acquire the property.
this is a historical moment for us because it is not just a house but has the emotions of all indians attached to it, rajkumar badole, maharashtra's minister of social justice and special assistance, had said during a visit to london in april.
the minister, who led a three-member delegation from his ministry including state minister dilip kamble and principal secretary ujjwal uke, had also initiated talks on establishing a dr ambedkar chair at lse which would be linked with two new scholarships for indian students.
the cost of the london property, likely to be borne by the maharashtra government, is estimated between 3.
2 million pounds and 4 million pounds.
the building, which already has a memorial plaque dedicated to dr bhimrao ramji ambedkar, indian crusader for social justice, will require some essential repair work after which the maharashtra government plans to open it to the public.
among some of the other proposals under consideration are to use one of the floors as a transitory residence for indian students who arrive in the uk to study.
the london-based federation of ambedkarites and buddhist organisation (fabo) uk, which had triggered the whole process by writing to the indian government to purchase the property as a historically relevant monument, feelsit will become a focal point to spread dr ambedkar's message about equality, human rights and social justice.
the 2,050 sq feet three-storey house is in one of london's prime locations went up for sale through an estate agent last year.
the decision for maharashtra to purchase the home was cleared by chief minister devendrafadnavis and the state cabinet gave its final nod to the proposal in february this year.
an independent survey of the six-bedroom house must now be conducted before a sale can be finalised.
ambedkar, who died in 1956 aged 65 was posthumously conferred with the bharat ratna, india's highest civilian award, in 1990.
jan 17, 2015, agencies: 16:36 isti will get back to you after i enquire into the incident.
shaheena attarwala wanted to buy the homeless kid a fanta float from mcdonalds after the latter asked for it.
when she was standing in the line along with the child at the outlet, a staff of the mcdonalds, pushed and threw the kid out.
she described that the staff was extremely rude and told her that these kind of people are not allowed inside.
in another post, attarwala said people from mcdonalds called her after watching the cctv footage and tried to cover it up by saying that they took that step because they have had a bomber incident before 2012.
i asked him what if this same incident of throwing out a poor kid from your restaurant happened in usa .
.
.
he said ma'am this is india, she wrote on her wall.
however, mcdonalds has said that it has ordered an internal probe on the incident.
we wish to affirm that we treasure and respect everyone in equal measure and do not support any form of discrimination, the fast-food giant said in a statement, according to ibn live.
the issue has also become a hot topic of discussion on reddit and has received mixed reaction.
political leaders hail bharat ratna for malviya, vajpayeenew delhi, dec 24, 2014, (pti): 15:28 istpolitical leaders cutting across party lines today welcomed government's decision to confer bharat ratna on freedom fighter madan mohan malviya and former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee.
vajpayee's long-time political colleague l k advani said he was happy with the government decision to bestow the highest civilian award to the former prime minister.
i am very happy that government has decided to honour atal ji with bharat ratna.
jd(u) leader and former bihar chief minister nitish kumar congratulated vajpayee and said the upa government should have conferred the award on the former prime minister.
atal ji's contribution to the country will always be remembered.
i congratulate him.
we also wanted bharat ratna for atal ji.
the upa government should have given this award to him, kumar said.
nobel laureate amartya sen, who is also a bharat ratna recipient, said he was absolutely delighted to get the news.
i think he deserves to be honoured in every possible way because in many ways he was a very great statesman of the country and one doesn't have to agree with every bit of his policy to appreciate the human quality that was behind his prime ministerial leadership, he said.
assam chief minister tarun gogoi too welcomed the decision.
very happy to know that bharat ratna is being conferred on vajpayee and malviya ji.
everyone knows malviya ji was a freedom fighter and an educationist.
when vajpayee was the pm, even if he was in a different party he helped me.
i am also personally grateful to him, gogoi said.
union minister prakash javadekar termed it as the best decision of the government and expressed happiness over the recognition to vajpayee as well as to malviya.
today, we are very happy as bharat ratna is being conferred on atal bihari vajpayee and madan mohan malviya.
this is the best decision taken by narendra modi and his cabinet, javadekar said.
union minister harsh vardhan said, atal ji has already been a 'bharat ratna' for us.
people respect and love him.
the announcement of the award is just a formality.
jd(u) president sharad yadav also hailed the decision saying, i am very pleased with this announcement.
malviya had a great role in indian independence and he established a great institution like benaras hindu university.
i have been associated with atal ji for many years and even being in bjp he respected the composite culture of india.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis also welcomed the centre's decision.
atalji is a living legend.
he is not only a leader but a statesman.
.
.
i think he is recognised as a great leader of modern india worldwide.
justice giridhar malaviya, grandson of madan mohan malviya, said both vajpayee and malviya are respected by all sections.
i congratulate modi who was the first person to go to varanasi and garland the statue of malviya ji.
asked whether upa should have taken such a decision, he said, they would have also done this and it was really due.
these are the two persons who were absolutely controversy-less.
they were respected by all in the country.
press trust of india, mumbai, jun 3 2017, 19:37 istfacing a flak from farmers across the state, jayaji suryavanshi, who led a delegation to chief minister devendrafadnavis today apologised for calling off the stir.
the maharashtra kisan sabha announced that the strike will be intensified in the coming days.
the strike was only called off temporarily.
but, if farmers want to continue, i am with them.
i have made a mistake but do not hesitate to apologise to farmers because i am their son, suryavanshi told reporters here.
ashok dhawale, vice president of maharashtra state kisan council said that the decision to call off the strike was taken single handedly and was a betrayal of farmers.
out of a total farmers organisations that have taken part in the strike across the state, representatives of merely 3-4 of them went to meet the cm yesterday.
the outcome of the meeting had been already decided when the members went to have dinner at the official residence of minister of state for agriculture sadabhau khot, dhawale told reporters here.
he said suryavanshi misled farmers of the state and created confusion among them and it will take maharashtra kisan council four days to re-organise other organisations to intensify the strike.
till then, there will be protests in the form of rasta roko, bandhs, morchas and locking of tehsil offices, he said.
ajit navle, a member of maharashtra kisan sabha, who was part of the delegation that met fadnavis last night, said the chief minister did not agree to a single demand substantively for which lakhs of farmers had gone on strike.
he said that contrary to what has been understood by media, fadnavis has only set up a committee that will study the repercussions of loan waiver for farmers with marginal land holdings.
in the first place, this decision, if taken, will not help farmers in vidarbha and marathwada who have large land holdings and from where most suicides have been reported.
even in western maharashtra, according to the cm, only pending loan amount will be waived.
everybody knows that the number of such farmers is negligible, he said.
he said fadnavis has categorically refused pension for farmers but has agreed to withdraw cases of protests lodged only against farmers.
the cm made it clear that cases against political persons who protested for the rights of farmers will not be withdrawn, he said.
with regards to the cm's decision on a law to charge those who buy below the minimum support price, he has cleverly minced words and said such offences will be lodged only against traders.
whereas, it is the government's responsibility to buy the goods when the prices of agricultural produce falls, he added.
kulkarni attack: shiv sena says bjp can opt out of govt if hurtmumbai, oct 13, 2015, (pti): 21:27 istunfazed by the all-round attack over blackening sudheendra kulkarni's face, the shiv sena today brazened it out by likening him to 26/11 terrorist ajmal kasab and felicitated the attackers as fissures with ally bjp raised questions about the continuance of the party in the maharashtra government.
the sena, a junior partner in the bjp-led governments in maharashtra and at the centre, also locked horns with chief minister devendrafadnavis for criticising it, saying he had failed to understand maharashtra and that his condemnation of the incident brought the state a bad name.
continuing with its shrill anti-pakistan stance, a day after the paint attack triggered outrage, shiv sena said india faced greater threat from people like kulkarni than extremists and terrorists.
the party called him a pakistani agent.
the real threat to the sovereignty of our nation is not due to extremists or terrorists, but people like kulkarni.
people like him are out to cut the neck of our nation.
.
when there are people like him present here, pakistan does not need to send people like kasab for terrorist activities, the sena said in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'saamana'.
the attack on kulkarni yesterday came hours before he defied the sena threat and went ahead with the launch of the book of pakistan's former foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri.
an atmosphere has been created where it now seems that khurshid kasuri is a messenger of peace or a mahatma and the sena has committed a crime by opposing him.
however much we are criticised and maligned, we will not change our stand against pakistan, it said.
kulkarni hit back at sena, saying i have been labelled a pakistani agent in sena mouthpiece 'saamana'.
i respect their freedom of expression.
they should also respect others' freedom of expression.
when it is said i am a pakistani agent, i say yes, i am an agent but an agent of peace and will continue to be one, he said.
the sena, whose relations with senior partner bjp has been under strain for quite some time now, also assailed fadnavis over his criticism of its attack on kulkarni.
six attackers were today felicitated by shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray at his bandra residence 'matoshree' where he patted them for their work.
mrityunjay bose mumbai: september 28, 2016, dhns 1:18 istthere appears to be a proverbial calm before the storm in maharashtras political and social scene as the series of peaceful mega rallies, and meetings of the maratha community continues to gain momentum.
the maratha kranti morchas do not have any face or a leader, but it is the mobilisation by the community.
these morchas, which are being held in district headquarters in a phased manner, have been completely peaceful.
the campaign is taking the shape of the jat agitation in haryana and patel agitation in gujarat.
significantly, both the bjp-shiv sena saffron alliance government and principal opposition parties congress and ncp have been shaken by the rallies, so much so that now, the maratha leaders of all the parties have been taking part in the rallies.
this has come as a litmus test for maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , who is from the brahmin community.
so far, more than 20 rallies have been held and these have seen a major participation by youth and women.
the three main demands are reservations for the marathas in jobs and education and justice for the girl of the maratha community who was raped and brutalised at kopardi in ahmednagar district on july 13 this year, besides seeking amendments in the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, saying it is often being misused.
to add to it, the congress, ncp and samajwadi partys maharashtra unit chief abu asim azmi have come out in open demanding reservation in jobs for the muslims.
on the other hand, bjp mp nana patole has demanded scholarship to other backward class (obc) students and a separate department for obc welfare.
it may be mentioned that a section of the maratha community was also against the state governments decision to award the prestigious maharashtra bhushan to historian babasaheb purandare, who belongs to the brahmin community.
hardik patel, who spearheaded the patidar reservation agitation in gujarat, has supported the maratha agitation.
we want to resolve the issue, we are together, he said, adding that he would like to contribute in whatever way he could.
the rallies have rattled fadnavis the most and this was evident when he recently said: i am not worried about how long i stay as the chief minister.
but till the time i am the chief minister, i will continue to work for development.
the congress and ncp, finding a chance to target him, asked fadnavis to reveal why he had said so when neither the opposition nor the rally organisers made any such demand.
my government is honestly committed to providing reservation to marathas.
i assure you that an amicable solution will be found out with the help of all.
.
.
the congress and ncp may use the agitation politically in local body elections next year.
shiv sena demands cancellation of kasuri's book launchmumbai, oct 10, 2015, (pti): 20:17 istafter ghazal maestro ghulam ali, shiv sena today asked management of a city-based convention centre here to call off former pakistani foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri's book launch function.
citing the neighbouring country's support to terrorism as the reason behind the opposition, the party warned that the function will be disrupted if not canceled.
sena vibhag pramukh ashish chemburkar submitted a letter to director of nehru planetarium here, demanding that the event be cancelled and organisers informed accordingly.
the people at nehru planetarium where the event is scheduled, told us they will try to cancel it, chemburkar told pti.
we have informed them that we will disrupt the event if it is not canceled, he said.
the observer research foundation mumbai, which is organising the event, yesterday approached maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , seeking adequate security to kasuri after cancellation of ghulam ali's concert in the city.
kasuri will launch the book 'neither a hawk nor a dove: an insider's account of pakistan's foreign policy' , in mumbai on october 12 at the hall of culture, nehru centre, worli.
our purpose in organising this function is to make our own humble contribution to the much-needed normalisation of relations between india and pakistan.
kasuri's widely appreciated book shows his strong commitment to peaceful and cooperative ties between our two countries, orf chairman sudheendra kulkarni had said.
the launch of the book will be accompanied by a panel discussion, in which the speakers are: a g noorani, eminent jurist, historian and author; naseeruddin shah, renowned film and theatre personality; and dileep padgaonkar, eminent journalist and columnist, kulkarni, who will moderate the talk, had said.
during his stay in mumbai between october 11 and 14, kasuri, besides attending the book launch function, will also visit mani bhavan and jinnah house if possible, he said.
kasuri will also meet veteran movie star dilip kumar at his residence.
in a letter to fadnavis, kulkarni asked the state government to provide adequate and fool-proof security to kasuri during his stay here.
security for kasuri has become all the more necessary in view of the condemnable episode a few days ago when a concert in mumbai by ghulam ali was called off because of the shiv sena's threat to the organisers of the event, he had said.
3 workers killed, 129 injured in explosion at thane industrial unitthane, may 26, 2016, (pti): 18:19 istat least three workers were killed and 129 others injured in a huge explosion at an industrial unit today in dombivili township of the district near here, police said.
the mishap occurred at about 11.
30 am when cylinders exploded leading to a fire in the chemical manufacturing unit of herbert brown pharmaceutical and research laboratories at shivaji udyog nagar of midc phase-ii area in dombivili (east), a unit of the acharya chemicals.
as of now, the number of dead is three and that of injured is 129, thane district collector mahendra kalyankar told pti.
the injured were rushed to various hospitals in thane, dombivli and kalyan, he said, adding, ndrf personnel were also involved in the rescue operation, along with fire brigade and police.
the intensity of the blast was so high that window panes in adjoining buildings were shattered and shocked people were seen running helter-skelter, an eyewitness said.
chief minister devendrafadnavis expressed grief at the mishap while industries minister subhash desai and guardian minister for the district eknath shinde visited the site along with kalyankar.
minister of state for home ram shinde said an inquiry will be conducted into the incident.
thane joint police commissioner ashutosh dumbre said rescue operations were on as some more persons could be trapped in the debris.
he said the toll could go up but it would be known only after clearing the debris.
he said the impact of the explosion was felt in an area of around five kilometres in which vehicles were damaged.
over a dozen firefighters from thane, kalyan, ambernath, ulhasnagar, badlapur and navi mumbai were rushed to the spot to extinguish the flames.
police said the rescue team was facing a tough task in clearing the debris as chemical barrels and drums were lying buried under it.
the district collector is likely to hold a meeting with the directorate of industrial safety, police, midc, and kalyan dombivili municipal corporation officials to find out if safety norms were followed by the chemical unit.
thane district regional disaster management cell in-charge santosh kadam said the rescue operations were affected because of the fire and it was not immediately known how many persons were trapped inside.
at least 15 ambulances were rushed to the site, he added.
the nrdf team from pune was rushed to dombivili to assist in the rescue operations.
saddened to know about the unfortunate & tragic incident that took place at dombivali, fadnavis tweeted.
spoke to police officials & local authorities and asked them to speed up the relief operations, he said.
we are constantly in touch with the local administration and we would leave no stone unturned in our efforts & relief operation, he said in another tweet.
bjp mla from dombivili ravindra chavan expressed serious concern over the explosions in the midc and sought a permanent solution for it.
the state government is fully supportive of maratha quota.
we will appeal in sc on the hc ruling.
if the court has pointed out any discrepancy in law, we will remove any lacunae in law during the winter session of the state legislature in nagpur, the chief minister said.
the session begins on december 8.
ncp was critical of the bjp government's stand in court on the issue of maratha reservations.
this government did not present the case in a proper manner in hc, ncp spokesperson nawab malik said.
the ruling highlights the failure on part of the new regime to protect the quota decision of the congress-ncp government, he added.
shiv sena sought an explanation from the bjp government for its failure to protect the maratha quota in court.
the government should explain why was it unsuccessful in protecting the reservations in court, senior sena leader diwakar raote said here.
the picture now is that the reservation was brought only for the sake of muslims.
minorities affairs minister eknath khadse should tell people what discrepancies remained in convincing the court of the government's commitment to provide quota for marathas, he said.
meanwhile, khadse said bjp was supportive of the provision of reservations for marathas.
we will make all efforts in the sc to uphold the quota decision by the state government, khadse said.
choosing maharashtra ministers is tightrope walkmumbai, oct 29, 2014, dhns: 1:15 istchoosing his council of ministers will be a tightrope walk for maharashtra chief minister-designate devendrafadnavis , as there will be a need to do a balancing act in the run up to the formation of the bjp-led government.
the 44-year-old would be required to induct some young ministers and at the same time ensure that senior leaders are accommodated while ensuring all regions are given proper representation.
fadnavis, a brahmin, who hails from vidarbha region  where there has been a demand of statehood  would have to ensure that all regions get proper representation besides, he would have to ensure that all communities  brahmins, marathas, obcs, scs, sts and muslims get representation.
women also need to be accommodated while allies and independents may bay for ministerial berths.
fadnavis is likely to keep urban development, housing and general administration departments.
fadnavis was picked to head the government because of the blessings of prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah, but he had faced a tough task as there were many contenders.
the supporters of union shipping and transport minister nitin gadkari, leader of opposition in the maharashtra legislative assembly eknath khadse had staged a show of strength over the last week.
besides, leader of opposition in maharashtra legislative council vinod tawde, former tourism minister sudhir mungantiwar and late gopinath mundes daughter pankaja munde-palve too were said to be in the race.
as far as the post of speaker is concerned, the names that are doing rounds are khadse and senior leader girish bapat, who hails from pune.
in case bapat agrees to be speaker, then khadse, who is from north maharashtra, would be in the ministry and he has to be given ministries like finance or revenue  given his stature and his experience.
tawde, who hails from mumbai, is a strong contender for the home portfolio.
mungantiwar, who hails from vidarbha would have to be given an important portfolio.
pankaja, who is from marathwada too needs to be accommodated in the ministry.
mumbai bjp president ashish shelar is a strong contender for the public works ministry.
senior leader chandrakant patil, who is an mlc, may be accommodated in the ministry  but he may also be considered for the post of maharashtra bjp president, currently held by fadnavis.
two mlas from mumbai prakash mehta, who is a gujarati and raj purohit, who is a marwari, are being considered for energy and excise departments.
pasha patel may also be inducted.
cbi has accepted request to probe sheena murder case: fadnavismumbai, sep 21, 2015 (pti) 20:58 istthe cbi has accepted maharashtra government's request to take over the probe into the sheena bora murder case which involved many financial transactions, chief minister devendrafadnavis today said.
before we sent them (the union government) a request to take over the investigation into the sheena bora murder case, we had informal conversations with central government and cbi officers.
they have agreed to take up the investigation in the case, he told reporters here, adding that the notification for the same may have been issued by now.
there are many angles that need to be probed in the case.
however, if required, the state government would be willing to help the cbi with manpower as it did in the murder case of rationalist narendra dabholkar, he said.
following a request from the cbi, the state government last month deputed seven officers to assist the agency to solve the killing of dabholkar, who was shot dead in pune on august 20, 2013.
mumbai, nov 27, 2014, pti: 16:42 istfadnavis said, i spoke to shiv sena president uddhav thackeray a few days ago and talks between the two parties will start tomorrow.
the minority bjp government is likely to go for cabinet expansion before the start of the winter session from december 8.
meanwhile, maharashtra pwd minister chandrakant patil said union minister dharmendra pradhan will be in mumbai tomorrow.
state bjp core committee will meet tomorrow and then both of us will go to 'matoshree' to hold talks with uddhavji, he said, adding they were hopeful.
from tomorrow, senior bjp leaders dharmendra pradhan and chandrakant patil will hold talks with sena leaders, chief minister devendrafadnavis told reporters here.
bjp also wants that sena join the government.
we fully favour this, he said.
we fought the recent assembly elections separately, but we were also together for 25 years.
sena is also part of our government at the centre, he said.
pradhan and patil will start talks with sena.
they have been given full authority to deal with any issue.
if needed, they will consult me and the party leadership, he said.
so far, there were only reports of back channel talks between shiv sena and bjp, but fadnavis today formally announced that talks will be back on track.
there were reports of a deal being reached between bjp president amit shah and shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray and of sena likely to get 10 berths in the fadnavis government, with at least four of cabinet rank, but there was no confirmation of the same.
in the 288-member maharashtra assembly, the bjp has 121 mlas, while the shiv sena is the second largest party with 63 legislators.
maharashtra aside, sena to back bjp governmentnew delhi, nov 23, 2014, dhns: 2:38 istopting to put on two political hats, the shiv sena said on sunday that their role as opposition party in maharashtra will have no bearing on its equation with the bjp at the centre as the party would support the nda government during the winter session of parliament, beginning monday.
after an all-party meeting, convened by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu on sunday evening, shiv sena leader sanjay raut told reporters that differences in maharashtra will have no bearing on senas relations with bjp at the centre.
he also clarified that shiv sena will support government agenda in the winter session of parliament, indicating a possibility of coming together at the state has not been exhausted completely.
this despite the fact that the regional party has donned the hat of principal opposition in maharashtra assembly with its winter session slated to start from december 8.
chief minister devendrafadnavis government is likely to go for an expansion ahead of the session and the talks are on to bring on board shiv sena to get the requisite numbers for crossing the half way mark.
in the floor test, the bjp survived due to the support of the ncp against whom it had fought the assembly polls.
maharashtra pwd minister chandrakant patil had told reporters in kolhapur that shiv sena will be accommodated in the state cabinet before fadnavis goes for an expansion of his team.
several attempts between the bjp and the shiv sena have failed with both the parties accusing the other with having big brother attitude and not compromising on ministerial quota.
pune (maharashtra), jan 27, 2015 (ians) 11:53 istin a rare honour, maharashtra government has decided to accord a state funeral to legendary cartoonist r.k. laxman, creator of the iconic the common man, an official said here tuesday.
laxman, 94, died in a private hospital monday evening after a brief illness.
his last rites will be performed at vaikuntha crematorium around 12 noon tuesday.
top political leaders, media personalities, industrialists, film personalties and others have condoled his death, besides an outpouring of grief, affection and love for him on various social networking sites.
president pranab mukherjee said he was extremely saddened to learn about the passing of r.k. laxman.
i feel personal loss because i was both an avid follower and subject of his cartoons.
he conveyed important social messages using humour as a tool and reminded the public that people in authority are fallible and human, mukherjee said in a message late monday.
honoured with a padma vibhushan, shri laxman was a conscience keeper to the nation through his cartoons.
his death leaves a void in the world of creativity and social commentary which will be difficult to fill, the president said.
maharashtra governor c.v. rao termed laxman as one of the finest cartoonists, caricaturists and the most effective commentator on issues of national and international importance to have dominated the news space for such a long time.
laxman understood the joys and sorrows of the common man and articulated the viewpoints of the silent millions of india for more than five decades through his eloquent cartoons, rao said in a tribute.
chief minister devendrafadnavis will go to pune and pay homage to laxman, whose body is being kept for public viewing at a private college here.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray whose father late bal thackeray was an acclaimed cartoonist and friend with laxman, maharashtra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray, himself a well-known cartoonist, and others are scheduled to pay homage and attend the last rites in pune.
shiv sena finds fault with rly budgetmumbai, feb 27, 2015, dhns 1:37 isttargetting the nda government once again, the shiv sena on thursday said that the railway budget lacked clarity and completely ignored the expectations of maharashtra and the mumbai metropolitan region (mmr).
senior shiv sena leader gajanan kirtikar said his party would raise the issue with prime minister narendra modi.
we are completely dissatisfied, he said.
according to kirtikar, his party representatives had met prabhu in the run up to the budget and discussed the focus areas for maharashtra and mmr, but it has not been reflected in the budget.
reacting to shiv senas outburst, chief minister devendrafadnavis said: they might not have read the full budget.
once they read it, they would know.
over the last few days, the fadnavis-led bjp-sena alliance government in maharashtra has been targeted by the party on multiple counts.
at the centre, the sena has vehemently opposed the land acquisition bill.
as far as the railway budget is concerned, the uddhav thackeray-led party has more than one reason to target the centre as railway minister suresh prabhu was once a shiv sena politician.
from 1998-2004, he had been a minister in the nda government led by former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, and has been industry minister, minister of environment and forests, minister of fertilizers & chemicals, power, heavy industry and public enterprises.
however, over the past few years, he was sidelined by the shiv sena and ultimately joined the bjp.
prabhu has also been lambasted with accusations of ignoring his home state.
it has been nine months since the modi government came to power, but acche din (good days) are yet to come.
now the ulte din (reverse countdown) has begun, maharashtra congress spokesperson sachin sawant said.
nagpur, jul 24, 2015, (pti): 22:14 istwith barely a week left for the scheduled hanging of yakub memon, the sole death-row convict of 1993 mumbai serial blasts case, preparations are in full swing at the nagpur central prison with authorities conducting dummy trials.
inspector general of police (prisons) meeran borwankar visited the jail this evening to take a review of the preparation for the hanging, which is scheduled for july 30.
preparations for yakub's hanging are going on in full swing.
trials of the hanging are being conducted on a dummy as per the jail manual and the rope required for the noose has been sourced from outside, sources close to the jail authorities said here today.
borwankar, who boarded a flight from pune, arrived in the city late this evening and immediately headed to the central jail to take a stock of the arrangements being made.
she is likely to remain in the city for a couple of days to ensure every thing goes as per the plan and laid down procedure on the d-day, sources said.
however, the primary responsibility of the execution lies with the nagpur jail superintendent yogesh desai, who was posted at yerwada prison in pune, when the 26/11 mumbai terror attacks convict ajmal kasab was hanged there in november 2012, they added.
repeated attempts to contact borwankar did not yield any result.
memon, in a last ditch effort has moved a mercy petition to the maharashtra governor.
his mercy petition is being processed by the home ministry and will be sent to the governor soon.
however, highly-placed government sources yesterday said the state authorities would go ahead with the execution on july 30.
memon also moved the supreme court challenging the death warrant contending that all his permissible legal remedies have not been exhausted.
the petition will come up for hearing on july 27.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis has stated that he would make a detailed briefing on july 29, a day before the scheduled hanging.
as many as 257 persons were killed and over 700 injured in the serial blasts in mumbai on march 12, 1993.
memon was the only convict whose death penalty was upheld by the apex court.
mumbai, sep 29, 2015, (pti): 13:08 ista girl, whose video of being manhandled by some women constables at the famous lalbaugcha raja ganesh pandal here went viral prompting police to launch a probe, today alleged she was dragged and slapped by cops when she tried to enter the pandal's vvip queue on friday last.
the victim, identified as nandini goswami, rubbished police claims that the video clip was an old one and also talk about her being mentally disturbed or depressed.
it isn't an old video, as claimed by the cops and i am not a mentally challenged or depressed, she told reporters here today.
i, along with my relatives, had tried to enter in the vvip queue at lalbaugcha raja ganesh pandal, after which the incident took place (on friday).
the cops had hurled abuses on me and my relatives, which led to an argument with them, goswami said.
the girl, believed to be in her early 20s, said while she was arguing with the cops, suddenly a woman constable began bashing her and others too followed.
subsequently, i was dragged into the pandal and then taken to police station where again i was slapped by the cops, she claimed.
according to dcp (detection-i) mohan dahikar, the matter is being probed by zonal dcp ashok dudhe.
also, the police would be recording the statement of the victim and the constables besides checking the cctv footage of the spot.
the guilty won't be spared.
we have called for a report from the police within 48 hours.
in these 48 hours, we will also ensure that action is taken if anybody is found to be guilty.
this is a very serious incident and we will ensure that no person who is guilty of manhandling is spared, he had said.
last evening, the police had said that the initial probe suggested that the video seems to be old and had indicated that the incident may have taken place earlier and not on last friday.
however, police had also asserted that they would not want to come to any conclusion before the probe report is submitted.
also, according to a police officer, the footage which has gone viral showed only one side of the story - what happened inside the gate.
in her attempt to get inside, the girl had misbehaved with those cops.
she threatened them that she has a black belt in karate.
all the time she kept hurling abuse at the three women constables, he had said yesterday.
lalbaugcha raja ganesh pandal in central mumbai attracts lakhs of devotees during the 10-day ganesh festival which ended on sunday.
maha cm orders probe over farmer's widow suicidemumbai, june 14, 2015, dhns 1:30 istin a first-of-its-kind incident, the widow of a farmer from the yavatmal district of vidarbha ended her life nearly 100 days after maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis met her and assured help from the government.
the incident reflects the agrarian crisis in the region, where several hundred cotton farmers have committed suicide over the past decade.
shanta tajane, 55, a resident of pimpri buti village, reportedly ended her life on june 10.
incidentally, fadnavis had visited her on march 3 while touring the ratchandana, ghorkhindi and pimpri buti villages in yavatmal.
her husband prahlad tajane had committed suicide a few years ago.
this is shocking.
in cases of suicide by farmers, rs 1 lakh is givenrs 70,000 in the form of fixed deposit and rs 30,000 cash, he added.
after her husband passed away, she got aid of rs 1 lakh, out of which rs 30,000 was given immediately, while rs 70,000 were deposited in her bank account.
she was not able to withdraw this amount as she was not guided on its formalities.
sena asks will flights be delayed for sick persons alsomumbai, jul 3, 2015 (pti) 14:48 isttaking a dig at chief minister devendrafadnavis for allegedly delaying an air india flight after an official in his team forgot to carry proper travel documents, alliance partner shiv sena today asked if similar social work would be done for an ill person as well.
pardeshi was a part of the delegation led by fadnavis.
thus the flight was delayed and pardeshi was allowed to get his visa from his home following which the flight took off.
will the social work of bending rules be done in a similar way for a common man who is ill or handicapped?
the sena asked in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'saamana'.
principal secretary praveen pardeshi, despite having forgotten his visa at home, was given clearance at the customs and immigration counters, the sena alleged and said that the biggest threat to people's security comes from such vip delegations.
as per media reports, pardeshi was cleared at the check-in, but was held back before boarding as the passport he was carrying did not have the valid us visa.
he apparently had a valid us visa in his old passport but this was not reflected in the new one he was carrying.
he arranged to bring his old passport which had valid us visa stamp after which he was allowed to proceed to the aircraft.
the ruling alliance partner also said that the amount of business and investments that chief ministers bring back from their foreign tours is a matter of debate.
nowadays many cms, like fadnavis, are visiting foreign countries to gather investments for their states.
but, why are cms only running to foreign nations for investments and what is the actual business and investments they are bringing back should be a matter of debate, it said.
foreign investment is a kind of maze, the sena said and questioned the amount of investments that chief ministers have been successful in bringing back from tours abroad.
the sena also took a jibe at the bjp over its ministers being embroiled in controversies recently.
we remember the grand oath-taking ceremony the bjp had without the shiv sena at a stadium in churchgate.
the bjp then said they would be able to govern the state without the sena.
but, maybe, the destiny had other plans.
today, along with the chief minister, various other ministers are embroiled in controversies, the sena said.
mumbai, oct 13, 2015, dhns: 0:41 istsudheendra kulkarni was behind kasuri book launchshiv sena activists blackened the face of writer and columnist sudheendra kulkarni on monday, hours before the formal launch of a book on indo-pak relations by former pakistan foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri.
the observer research foundation (orf)-mumbai, where kulkarni is the chairman, had organised the launch of the book, neither a hawk nor a dove: an insiders account of pakistans foreign policy.
kulkarni was a director in the prime ministers office in the atal bihari vajpayee government and was also a former aide of ex-deputy prime minister l k advani.
shiv sena activists threw ink at me and smeared my face.
they abused me.
we wont be cowed down by such events, said kulkarni.
it is our duty to undo the mistakes of the past.
we should not let any organisation mar the values of mumbai.
mumbai is a tolerant, inclusive, liberal and democratic city.
new history can only be created via dialogue, two governments must continue dialogue.
our function is in that direction, he added.
kasuri denounced the attack and said: history murdered in both countries.
the purpose of writing the book was to correct perceptions.
i have not misstated any facts or incidents.
the incident came a day after the bjp virtually snubbed sena president uddhav thackeray by inviting him late to sundays events during prime minister narendra modis visit to mumbai to lay the foundation stone for three projects.
last week, pakistani ghazal maestro ghulam alis performances in mumbai and pune had to be cancelled because of senas threats.
this is a mild reaction.
did we not tell you in advance what kind of protest we are going to do, said shiv sena spokesperson and rajya sabha mp sanjay raut.
pakistani agents like kulkarni are more dangerous than kasab.
we can fight kasabs, but how do we fight such hidden kasabs?
raut added.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis assured that the function would be held and full security would be provided.
the event was later held amid tight security and was attended by veteran jurist a g noorani, actor naseeruddin shah, journalist dileep padgaonkar and others.
late in the night, six shiv sena workers were arrested in connection with the attack, pti reported.
maharashtra vows quota to marathasmumbai, oct 14, 2016, dhns 0:25 istthe maharashtra government on thursday promised to provide reservation to the politically dominant maratha community, even as the bombay high court expressed displeasure against the state for failing to file an affidavit before it.
however, the chief minister said that reservation alone cannot solve all theproblems.
when the bunch of applications and pils came up for hearing before a division bench of justice anoop mohta and justice g s kulkarni, maharashtra governments senior counsel v a thorat told the court that the affidavit was ready, but it needed to be supplemented with more data and information.
justices mohta and kulkarni, while adjourning the matter till december 7, said it was granting the state a last chance.
the maratha community comprises people belonging to various castes and since the country doesnt conduct caste-based census anymore, it was proving rather difficult to get hold of the requisite data, the court was informed.
we have already given a lot of time to the government to file their affidavit and written submissions in the case, the high court said, adding that the supreme court had earlier stated that the matter should be heard and decided as expeditiously as possible.
this is the last chance we are giving the government to file their affidavit.
well verify their claims once the arguments begin, the bench said.
oppn questions intentthe congress and ncp, however, slammed the bjp-shiv sena government, saying it was delaying the matter.
three former chief ministers prithviraj chavan, ashok chavan and narayan rane lashed out at the fadnavis-led government.
it is a question of will, said rane.
whether the government is serious on the issue or not is a question now, said congress floor leader in the maharashtra legislative assembly radhakrishna vikhe-patil.
the government is trying to avoid the issue for some or the other reason, said ncp floor leader in the legislative council dhananjay munde.
the narayan rane committee (constituted during the congress-ncp government) has examined the issue and all the details are in the report, ncp spokesperson nawab malik said.
sena, bjp war of words reaches flashpoint, minister wants to quitmumbai: feb 11, 2015, dhns: 1:22 istthe shiv sena and bjp are at war of words yet again  and a day after arvind kejriwal-led aam aadmi party (aap) registered a landslide victory in delhi  it has appeared to reach a flash point.
the tussle between the two allies  which had blown hot and cold  since the last six months, comes weeks ahead of the crucial budget session of the maharashtra legislature.
minister of state for revenue sanjay rathod has told shiv sena president uddhav thackeray that he wants to resign from the government as he is not being assigned work by revenue minister eknath khadse, who is a senior bjp leader.
some other ministers too have offered to put in their papers.
thackeray had targeted prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah twice in the last one month.
the first time on january 23, the 89th birth anniversary of late shiv sena supremo balasaheb thackeray, when he said that shiv sena was not floating in any sort of wave and the second time after the delhi poll debacle  when he said that modi needs to accept the responsibility of the defeat in delhi  and that  a tsunami is bigger than a wave.
on the other hand, bjps mumbai unit president ashish shelar said that shiv sena could walk out of the government rather than targeting modi.
he is our supreme leader and we would not tolerate anyone targeting him, he stated.
the delhi elections were not national polls, but were strictly state polls.
the question of linking modis name to the poll outcome does not arise at all.
if someone wants to criticise modi, bjp workers stand is crystal clear: modiji is the leader of 120 crore people and he is the prime minister.
if you want to criticise him, then you better walk out of our government and then show the courage of criticising the prime minister, shelar stated.
the reasons for shiv senas outburst is the bjps dominance in the government  in terms of numbers and power in maharashtra and the old reason of giving just one ministry at the centre.
this kind of rift would continue in the government.
there would be blow hot-blow cold situation, but both the parties know that they have to be in power, as they have managed to come back in maharashtra after 15 years ousting the congress and ncp, said veteran political analyst prakash akolkar, who has written the first biography of shiv sena  jai maharashtra.
won't align with cong, won't abandon transparency agenda: devendra fadnavismumbai, feb 25, 2017 (pti) 19:59 istthe bjp will not have a post-poll understanding with the congress in the bmc and not abandon the transparency agenda, its plank in the civic polls, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis today said.
we will take along those who come with us, but proceed without those who don't come with us, he said, addressing a rally at the state bjp office.
the rally was held as part of the bjp's vijay diwas celebrations in each district headquarters across the country after victories in recent civic polls in maharashtra and odisha.
let those who want to align with the congress do so.
we (bjp) will go as per our path, taking along those who come with us, he said.
bjp is a party which fights ideology with ideology.
though the shiv sena has emerged as the single largest party in the bmc polls winning 87 seats, its estranged ally the bjp pocketed 82 seats.
with the fractured mandate leaving neither the sena nor the bjp in a position to install its rule in the country's richest civic body on its own, both the parties are exploring various options to cobble up numbers to reach the magic figure of 114 seats in the 227-member city hall.
the sena's tally rose to 87 yesterday with three independent corproators extending their support to the uddhav thackeray-led party.
dh news service, raigad/mumbai: jun 5 2017, 17:00 istnearly 10 months after 40-plus persons were killed when a bridge on the savitri river in raigad district on the mumbai-goa highway caved in because of heavy rainfall, a new bridge was inaugurated in record time, on monday, ahead of the south-west monsoon hitting maharashtra.
the masonry arch bridge - located nearly 170 kms from mumbai - connected the mahad town with poladpur in the raigad district and was built during the british era.
on 2 august 2016, two buses of the maharashtra state road transport corporation (msrtc) and private vehicles including a tavera suv and a honda city, washed away in the savitri river.
at a formal event, maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis and union minister of road transport, highways and shipping nitin gadkari dedicated the bridge to the people.
the ministry sanctioned the estimate on 2 september 2016 and on the same day tenders were called by nh wing of state public works department.
the lowest tender was accepted and an agreement was signed on 1 december 2016.
th work is awarded to m/s l & t infrastructures pvt.
ltd, pune.
the project has been completed within a record time of 165 days and is being opened for traffic.
the total cost of the project is rs 35.
77 crore.
the new bridge is 16 meters wide and 239m long.
it is fitted with proper lighting arrangement, has wide footpath as well as flood alarm system.
it is made of anti-corrosive steel and painted with carbonation paint.
the savitri river is one of the 5 rivers which originate from mahabaleshwar - and from satara is flows to raigad district eventually meeting the arabian sea at harihareshwar.
it passes through poladpur, mahad, mangaon and shrivardhan talukas.
panjaka munde had called me up to say that in this regard if i feel the need for any inquiry to be ordered, i should do it.
i am personally monitoring this case.
what can be seen prima facie is that there are no discrepancies, he told reporters after meeting prime minister narendra modi.
the chief minister said munde had sanctioned purchases in february this year as funds provided by the centre under the integrated child development services (icds) would have expired on march 31.
he also said the norm of inviting e-tenders for purchases worth rs three lakh and more was introduced by his government in april.
congress has accused pankaja of flouting this norm by clearing purchases through government resolutions.
the fadnavis government was yesterday hit by first major charge of corruption after congress accused pankaja, daughter of bjp stalwart late gopinath munde, of clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on february 13 through 24 government resolutions.
a host of items including snacks, mats, dishes and books for children were purchased under the integrated child development services by the women and child development ministry.
fadnavis, however, made it clear that a probe will be ordered only if irregularities were found to have been committed after a thorough examination.
we will still go into the minute details and, if any discrepancy is found then, an inquiry will be ordered, he said.
congress leader sachin sawant had filed a complaint with the anti-corruption bureau on the issue and former chief minister prithviraj chavan had even sought a cbi probe.
it was not immediately known if the matter came up for discussion at fadnavis' meeting with modi.
the chief minister was believed to have invited the prime minister for the kumbh mela at nashik beginning next month.
comedy show snowballs into major controversymumbai, feb 3, 2015, dhns: 2:14 ista (funny) bone to pickthe aib knockout comedy show is turning into a major controversy with chief minister devendrafadnavis assuring that action will be initiated if any wrongdoing comes to light.
the mumbai police registered an fir based on a complaint by activist akhilesh tiwari, president of brahman ekta seva sanstha, against the aib knockout: the roast of arjun kapoor and ranveer singh held on january 20 at the sardar vallabhbhai patel stadium here.
filmmaker karan johar, who conducted the show, and actors ranveer singh and arjun kapoor have come under severe criticism.
i support the maharashtra governments inquiry into aib, a porn showwas the script of the aib, which was a stage play, approved by authorities who approve plays?
did the police give permission to aib even after they knew what b stands for?
said filmmaker ashoke pandit, also member of the censor board.
maharashtra education and cultural affairs minister vinod tawde, however, said that the government would probe whether performance license had been taken for the show from the authorities.
we are not for moral policing.
will only enquire if the aib had taken appropriate certificate.
no moral policing if they are allowed by law, i cant stop them, he later tweeted.
meanwhile, senior ncp leader jitendra awhad said that the show was like putting culture to auction.
if the government cannot stop it, we will stop it, he said.
the maharashtra navnirman chitrapat sena (mncs), which is affiliated to the mns, said that they will not allow karan johar to release his movies and also those in which singh and kapoor have acted, unless they apologise.
what kind of message are we sending out?
said mncs president ameya khopkar.
sena leaders meet to decide strategy ahead of assembly sessionmumbai, nov 6, 2014, (pti): 14:43 isteven as discussions with bjp over his party's role in the new maharashtra government remained inconclusive, shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray today held a meeting of party leaders here.
sena leaders anil desai and subhash desai were present in the meeting at sena bhavan here to discuss the party's strategy ahead of the state assembly session starting on november 10, sources said.
fadnavis' statement had peeved the sena with a party mp saying bjp was not interested in getting it on board with respect and that shiv sena would sit in the opposition if no respectable solution to end the uncertainty over its participation in the government was found by saturday.
with 63 mlas, shiv sena is the second largest party in the 288-member assembly after bjp's 121.
fadnavis for 10-yr rural service by med grads, mard opposesmumbai, dec 25, 2015 (pti) 18:35 istmaharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) today opposed chief minister devendra fadnavis' suggestion that 10 years of service in rural areas should be made compulsory for medical graduates from government colleges in the state.
the chief minister talks of compulsory 10 years bond service in rural areas after getting mbbs degrees.
there is very strong opposition to this absurdity and we will oppose the move in the strongest possible manner, mard president dr sagar mundada said here.
fadnavis had yesterday proposed that all doctors must serve at least 10 years in rural areas on the lines of the pass-outs of armed forces medical college, who have to serve seven years in the government.
he was addressing the concluding function of the silver jubilee celebrations of nkp salve institute of medical sciences and lata mangeshkar hospital in nagpur.
we condemn the statement made by the cm in the strongest terms and hope that the government scraps the proposal within 15 days, dr mundada said.
having adequate doctors is a good thing, but doing so without proper infrastructure, medical facilities and medicines is like sending an engineer to rural areas and asking him to build a dam with a screw driver in his hand, he said.
this move will only promote more doctors to go abroad rather than stay back here and practise, dr mundada said.
since no such bonds required for private colleges, it will promote no so meritorious rich people to take admissions in private colleges that are run by politicians, the mard president said.
mundada said that the government should rather form a group of five people including a doctor, a teacher, an engineer, a management graduate and a financialexpert for each village.
let all of them work collectively and uplift that village rather than being only concerned about the health of people in rural areas, he said.
24 young footballers get reliance foundation scholarshipmumbai, may 27, 2015 (pti) 21:14 istas part of its commitment to develop grassroots level football in the country, the reliance foundation today handed out residential school scholarships to 24 hand-picked boys in the age group of 11-14 years.
announcing the scholarships to the children, who had been selected via the grassroots programme of the franchise clubs of the indian super league, foundation's founder and chairperson nita ambani said that in the first year itself the programme was able to reach out to five lakh children across the length and breadth of the country.
from the 5 lakh children, 200 were picked to undergo a 10-day training here and from that lot 24 have been selected as reliance foundation young champs who will receive training under expert international coaches and trainers and will also get to study at the reliance foundation school in mumbai (koparkhairane), she said.
the 200 children were shortlisted from football camps and selection trials organised by the eight isl franchises and invited to mumbai for the training overseen by piet hubers, technical director of the grassroot programme, and marcus vaessen, head coach of the programme.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis , bollywood star amitabh bachchan, cricket icon sachin tendulkar and reliance industries chairman mukesh ambani were among those present on the occasion along with cricketers yuvraj singh and zaheer khan, apart from isl club owners and bollywood actors ranbir kapoor, abhishek bachchan and john abraham.
fadnavis unveiled the brand new sports facility jio garden, which also has an artificial football turf, spread over 13,000 square metres at the bandra kurla complex which is a joint initiative of reliance foundation and the mumbai metropolitan regional development authority.
we want mumbai graduate to become one of the smartest cities in india.
mmrda chief ups madan described the facility as world class and one of the jewels in bkc's crown.
to encourage the isl clubs to continue and improve their grass roots programme, nita ambani - who is also the founder and chairperson of football sports development limited - also announced a cash reward of rs 2 crore to the best two clubs in undertaking this initiative.
bollywood actor ranbir kapoor, owner of isl team mumbai city fc, received the top prize of rs 1.
25 crore, while delhi dynamos team owner sameer manchanda received rs 75 lakh as the runner-up reward.
nagpur, july 30, 2015, pti: 10:22 istover 22 years after the 1993 mumbai blasts, yakub memon, the sole convict on death row, was hanged on his 53rd birthday today after failure of last-gasp efforts by his counsels to stall the execution that led the supreme court to hear his plea in the wee hours before throwing it out.
memon, whom the supreme court had described as the driving spirit behind the worst terror assault till date that left 257 dead and 713 wounded, was hanged at the nagpur central jail shortly before 7 am, just about two hours after his last-ditch attempt to gain reprieve came to naught.
the body of memon, who would have turned 53 today, would be handed over to his relatives who have been camping in a nagpur hotel after completion of formalities.
maharashtra chief minister devendrafadnavis is likely to make a statement in the legislative assembly, which is in session, later in the day.
yakub's execution, after a contentious debate an a mercy petition on his behalf to the president by eminent personalities, including some former supreme court judges, was preceded by an extraordinary hearing by an apex court bench that began at 3.
20 am.
in a late wednesday night move, memon's counsels mounted a last-minute effort to save him from the gallows when they rushed to the residence of the chief justice of india h l dattu with a petition for an urgent hearing to stay the hanging on the ground that 14 days' time is needed to be given to a death row convict to enable him challenge the rejection of his plea and for other purposes.
the legal manoeuvre followed an order of a three-judge bench of the supreme court yesterday upholding the death warrant issued by a tada court against memon on april 30 for his execution today.
the bench also held that a supreme court bench's rejection of his curative petition against his conviction and sentencing did not suffer from infirmities.
the move by memon's counsels also came hours after the rejection of his mercy pleas, first by maharashtra governor and then by the president.
after due consultations, the cji constituted a 3-judge bench headed by justice dipak misra, which had yesterday upheld the death warrant and refused to stay its execution.
the unprecedented pre-dawn hearing began in court room 4 at 3:20 am and, an-hour-and-a-half later when it concluded at 4:50 am, memon's fate had been sealed.
stay of death warrant would be a travesty of justice.
the plea is dismissed, said justice dipak misra, writing the judgement for the bench.
memon's senior counsels anand grover and yug chowdhury contended the authorities were hell bent on executing him without giving him the right to challenge the rejection of his mercy petition by the president, insisting right to life of a condemned prisoner lasts till his last breath.
grover said a death row convict is entitled to 14 days reprieve after rejection of mercy plea for various purposes.
opposing memon's plea, attorney general mukul rohtagi said his fresh petition amounted to abusing the system.
rohatgi said the whole exercise was an attempt to prolong memon's stay in jail and get the sentence commuted.
a death warrant upheld just 10 hours ago by three judges cannot be quashed, he said.
the bench was in agreement with rohatgi, with justice mishra saying the convict had ample opportunity after his first mercy plea was rejected by the president on april 11, 2014 which was communicated to him on may 26, 2014.
he said the rejection could have then been challenged before the supreme court.
as a consequence, if we have to stay the death warrant it would be a travesty of justice, the bench said, adding we do not find any merit in the writ petition.
reacting to the verdict, grover said it was a tragic mistake and a wrong decision.
memon, younger brother of tiger memon, a key conspirator in the blasts and close associate of fugitive mobster dawood ibrahim, was described by the supreme court as the driving spirit behind the blasts when it upheld his conviction and death sentence on march 21, 2013.
the special tada court had awarded him death penalty on september 12, 2006.
the blasts had followed the communal riots on 1992-93 in the aftermath of the babri masjid demolition.
yakub was alleged to have helped arrange for funds and other logistics for the blasts and sent at least 13 to 14 accused to pakistan from mumbai via dubai for training in handling of arms and ammunition.
he was arrested in delhi on his arrival from kathmandu on august 6, 1994.
yakub had claimed he came back to surrender as he felt tortured by remorse.
though a former raw officer b raman wrote in an article that yakub was persuaded to return to india, there was no confirmation of any deal between him and the security and intelligence establishments under which he was to escape the noose.
yakub's brother essa and sister-in-law rubina are undergoing life imprisonment in the case for conspiracy and arranging finances and logistics for the terrorists who carried out the blasts.
several key conspirators, including dawood and tiger memon are still absconding and believed to be sheltered by pakistan.
